Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) þ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 OR ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 000-78901 StreamVault Media (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 84-0467272 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 100 Winchester Circle 850 StreamVault Way, Maplewood, Washington 98025 (Address and zip code of principal executive offices) (360) 555-3701 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Name of Exchange on which registered Common stock, $0.001 par value The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files. Yes ¨ No ¨ Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer þ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company ¨ (do not check if smaller reporting company) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes ¨ No þ As of June 30, 2009, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing sales price for the registrant’s common stock, as reported in the NASDAQ Global Select Market System, was $1,622,014,793. Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer and director of the Registrant and by each person known by the Registrant to beneficially own 10% or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. As of January 31, 2010, there were 53,533,265 shares of the registrant’s common stock, par value $0.001, outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Parts of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for Registrant’s 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Table of Contents StreamVault Media TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 21 Item 2. Properties 22 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 22 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 22 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 23 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 26 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 42 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 43 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 43 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 43 Item 9B. Other Information 44 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 45 Item 11. Executive Compensation 45 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 45 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 45 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 45 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 46 Table of Contents PART I Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: our core strategy; expected competition and our competitive advantage; the growth of Internet delivery of content; the continued popularity of the DVD format; the growth of streaming content choices available through our service; the expansion of electronic equipment that will enable streamed content; gross margin; liquidity; revenue per average paying subscriber; impacts relating to our pricing strategy; our content library investments; international expansion; and, our stock-based compensation expense for 2010. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ. A detailed discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included throughout this filing and particularly in Item 1A: “Risk Factors” section set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to revise or publicly release any revision to any such forward-looking statement, except as may otherwise be required by law. Item 1. Business With more than 12 million subscribers, we are the world’s largest subscription service streaming movies and TV episodes over the Internet and sending DVDs by mail. Our subscribers can instantly watch unlimited movies and TV episodes streamed to their TVs and computers and can receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes. We offer a variety of subscription plans, with no due dates, no late fees, no shipping fees and no pay-per-view fees. Aided by our proprietary recommendation and merchandising technology, subscribers can select from a growing library of titles that can be watched instantly and a vast array of titles on DVD. On average, approximately 2 million discs are shipped daily from our distribution centers across the United States. Additionally, more than 48% of our subscribers instantly watched more than 15 minutes of streaming content in the fourth quarter of 2009. Subscribers can: • Watch streaming content without commercial interruption on their computers and TVs. The viewing experience is enabled by StreamVault Media controlled software that can run on a variety of consumer electronics devices (“StreamVault Media Ready Devices”). These StreamVault Media Ready Devices currently include Blu-ray disc players, Internet-connected TVs, digital video players and game consoles. • Receive DVDs by U.S. mail and return them to us at their convenience using our prepaid mailers. After a DVD has been returned, we mail the next available DVD in a subscriber’s queue. Our core strategy is to grow a large subscription business consisting of streaming and DVD-by-mail content. By combining streaming and DVD as part of the StreamVault Media subscription, we are able to offer subscribers a uniquely compelling selection of movies for one low monthly price. We believe this creates a competitive advantage as compared to a streaming only subscription service. This advantage will diminish over time as more content becomes available over the Internet from competing services, by which time we expect to have further developed our other advantages such as brand, distribution, and our proprietary merchandising platform. Despite the growing popularity of Internet delivered content, we expect that the standard definition DVD, along with its high definition successor, Blu-ray (collectively referred to as “DVD”), will continue to be the primary means by which a majority of StreamVault Media subscribers view content for the foreseeable future. However, at some point in the future, we expect that Internet delivery of content to the home will surpass DVD as the primary means by which most StreamVault Media subscribers view content. We promote our service to consumers through various marketing programs, including online promotions, TV and radio advertising, package inserts, direct mail and other promotions with third parties. We also engage 1 Table of Contents our consumer electronics partners to generate new subscribers for our service. These programs encourage consumers to subscribe to our service and may include a free trial period. At the end of the free trial period, subscribers are automatically enrolled as paying subscribers, unless they cancel their subscription. All paying subscribers are billed monthly in advance. We believe that our paid marketing efforts are significantly enhanced by the benefits of word-of-mouth advertising, our subscriber referrals and our active public relations programs. We use our proprietary recommendation and merchandising technology to determine which titles are presented to a subscriber. In doing so, we believe we provide our subscribers with a quick and personalized way to find titles they are more likely to enjoy while also effectively managing our inventory utilization. Our merchandising efforts are used throughout our web site and as part of the user interface on many StreamVault Media Ready Devices to determine which titles are displayed to subscribers, including the generation of lists of similar titles. We believe our merchandising efforts create a powerful method for catalog browsing and efficient library utilization. We obtain content through direct purchases, revenue sharing agreements and license agreements with studios, distributors and other suppliers. DVD content is typically obtained through direct purchases or revenue sharing agreements. Streaming content is generally licensed for a fixed fee for the term of the license agreement. We ship and receive DVDs throughout the United States and maintain a nationwide network of shipping centers that allows us to provide fast delivery and return service to our subscribers. We also utilize third party content delivery networks to help us efficiently stream movies and TV episodes in high volume to StreamVault Media subscribers over the Internet. We are focused on growing our subscriber base and revenues and utilizing our proprietary recommendation and merchandising technology to minimize variable and fixed operating costs within the framework of providing a valuable and compelling user experience. Our technology is extensively employed to manage and integrate our business, including our Web site interface, order processing, fulfillment operations and customer service. We believe that our technology also allows us to maximize our library utilization and to run our fulfillment operations in a flexible manner with minimal capital requirements. We are organized in a single operating segment. We currently generate all our revenues in the United States, although we plan to launch a limited international expansion with a streaming subscription service in 2010. Substantially all our revenues are derived from monthly subscription fees. We have no long-lived assets outside the United States. Industry and competitive overview We operate in the subscription segment of the in-home entertainment video market. In 2007, we expanded our DVD-by-mail distribution model to include streaming content over the Internet. This hybrid distribution model expands the consumer appeal of the StreamVault Media subscription service beyond the traditional reach of the DVD rental segment and offers subscribers a uniquely compelling selection of content, both streaming and DVD, for one low monthly price. While the consumer appeal of this hybrid service has grown quickly, the market for Internet delivered video content is still in its formative stages, and we expect competition to be intense. Currently the market for Internet delivered video consists of three market segments: video-on-demand (“VOD”), ad supported, and subscription. The VOD segment includes competitors like Amazon, Apple, Blockbuster, Cinemanow and Microsoft. The ad supported segment includes competitors like Hulu and YouTube. Currently, StreamVault Media is the primary provider in the subscription segment, but we expect direct and indirect competition to emerge and continue to grow as the consumer appeal for Internet delivery of video continues to expand. The market for in-home entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Many consumers maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple in-home entertainment video providers and can 2 Table of Contents easily shift spending from one provider to another. For example, consumers may subscribe to cable, rent a DVD from Redbox or Blockbuster, buy a DVD from Wal-Mart or Amazon, download a movie from Apple iTunes, watch a TV show on Hulu.com, and subscribe to StreamVault Media, or some combination thereof, all in the same month. New competitors may be able to launch new businesses at a relatively low cost. DVDs and Internet delivery of content represent only two of many existing and potential new technologies for viewing entertainment video. In addition, the growth in adoption of DVD and Internet delivery of content is not mutually exclusive from the growth of other technologies. Our principal competitors include: • DVD rental outlets and kiosk services, such as Blockbuster, Movie Gallery and Redbox; • video package providers with pay-per-view and VOD content including cable providers, such as Time Warner and Comcast; direct broadcast satellite providers, such as DIRECTV and Echostar; and telecommunication providers such as AT&T and Verizon; • online DVD subscription rental web sites, such as Blockbuster Online; • entertainment video retail stores, such as Best Buy, Wal-Mart and Amazon.com; and • Internet movie and TV content providers, such as Apple’s iTunes, Amazon.com, Hulu.com and Google’s YouTube. Studio licensing and movie distribution Motion pictures, including movies and TV episodes (“entertainment video”) are distributed broadly through a variety of channels, including movie theaters, airlines, hotels and in-home. In-home distribution channels include DVD rental, retail outlets and web sites, Internet delivery and cable, satellite and telecommunication providers offering basic and premium TV, pay-per-view and VOD. Currently, studios distribute movies approximately three to six months after theatrical release to the home video market, three to seven months after theatrical release to pay-per-view and VOD, one year after theatrical release to premium TV and two to three years after theatrical release to basic cable and network TV. Internet delivered content is made available typically at the same time as pay-per-view or VOD. However, some content, such as TV episodes, are often made available for Internet viewing shortly after the original airing date. The major studios and TV networks have continued to experiment with shortened release windows, and we anticipate that they will continue to test a variety of modifications or adjustments to the traditional windows, including releasing movies simultaneously on DVD and VOD. Competitive strengths We believe that our revenue and subscriber growth are a result of the following competitive strengths: Iconic brand . StreamVault Media has been highly rated in online retail customer satisfaction by independent surveys from Nielsen Online and in every one of the ten consecutive surveys conducted by ForeSee/FGI Research. Because of the high level of consumer satisfaction with StreamVault Media, over 90 percent of surveyed subscribers say that they would recommend the StreamVault Media service to a friend. We believe that these high levels of customer satisfaction and brand loyalty make it expensive and difficult for competitors to displace StreamVault Media as a subscription segment leader. Personalized merchandising . We utilize various tools, including our proprietary recommendation technology, to create a custom interface for each subscriber. We believe that this customization enhances the user experience by helping StreamVault Media subscribers discover great movies. Subscribers rate titles through our service, and our recommendation technology compares these ratings to the database of ratings collected from our entire user base. For each subscriber, these comparisons are used to make predictions about specific titles the subscriber may enjoy. These predictions, along with other factors, are used to help merchandise titles to 3 Table of Contents subscribers. We believe that our recommendation technology and our other merchandising practices allow us to create broad-based demand for our library and maximize utilization of our library. By creating demand for content, we seek to cost-effectively balance subscriber demand between newer, more expensive titles, and older, less expensive titles. Our ability to generate demand for these older, or “long-tail,” titles while maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction helps us manage and maintain our gross margin, subscriber acquisition cost, churn rate and lifetime subscriber profit. To that end, approximately 70% of the DVDs shipped during 2009 were titles with DVD release dates greater than 13 weeks. Growing scale. We have achieved a level of scale in our business that provides many operational and competitive advantages. From an operational perspective, for example, we are able to cost effectively automate many of our shipping and receiving processes, helping to drive down unit shipping costs while also providing a better, more consistent experience to our subscribers. Such scale economies also have contributed over time to expanding operating margins which has made it possible for StreamVault Media to aggressively price its service offering at levels difficult for competition to meet. Convenience, selection and fast delivery. Subscribers can conveniently select titles by building and modifying a personalized queue of titles on our Web site or by selecting titles directly from select StreamVault Media Ready Devices. We create a unique experience for subscribers by generating user interfaces on our Website and StreamVault Media Ready Devices that are tailored to subscribers’ individual rental and ratings history. Subscribers rate approximately 20 million movies a week and StreamVault Media has recorded more than 3 billion ratings to date. Based on each subscriber’s queue, we ship DVDs by first class mail and subscribers return these DVDs to us in prepaid mailers. After receipt of returned DVDs, we mail our subscribers the next available DVD in their queue of selected titles. We have a vast array of titles on DVD and our nationwide network of distribution centers allows us to offer fast delivery. In addition, subscribers can select from a growing number of titles that can be watched instantly on their computers or TVs without commercial interruption. The number of streaming content choices has grown approximately 30% over the year ended December 31, 2009 and is expected to continue to grow rapidly for the foreseeable future. Growth strategy Our core strategy to grow a large subscription business consisting of streaming and DVD-by-mail content includes the following key elements: Providing compelling value for subscribers. For a low fixed monthly fee, we provide subscribers access to a growing library of movies and TV episodes that can be watched instantly and a vast selection of DVD titles. We quickly deliver DVDs to subscribers from our shipping centers located throughout the United States by U.S. mail. Subscribers can, at no additional fee, also stream movies and TV episodes to their computers and TVs. There are no due dates, no late fees, no shipping fees and no pay-per-view fees. We merchandise titles in easy-to-recognize lists including new releases, by genre and other targeted categories. Our recommendation and merchandising technology provides subscribers with individualized recommendations of titles from our library. Our convenient, easy-to-use Web site allows subscribers to quickly select current titles, reserve upcoming releases and build an individual queue for future viewing. Utilizing technology to enhance subscriber experience and operate efficiently. We utilize proprietary and other technology to manage the processing and distribution of DVDs from our shipping centers and the delivery of streaming content over the Internet. Our software and equipment automate the process of tracking and routing DVDs to and from each of our shipping centers and allocate order responsibilities among them. We continuously monitor, test and seek to improve the efficiency of our distribution, processing and inventory management systems as our subscriber base and shipping volume grows. We operate a nationwide network of shipping centers and continue to develop this network to meet the demands of our operations. We also utilize third party content delivery networks to help us efficiently stream movies and TV episodes in high volume to StreamVault Media subscribers over the Internet. Building mutually beneficial relationships with entertainment video providers. We have invested substantial resources in establishing strong ties with various entertainment video providers. We maintain an 4 Table of Contents office in Beverly Hills, California in order to maintain effective working relationships with the major studios. We obtain content through direct purchases, revenue sharing agreements and license agreements. We work with the content providers to determine which method of acquiring titles is the most beneficial for each party. Our growing subscriber base provides studios with an additional distribution outlet for popular movies and TV episodes, as well as niche titles and programs. Expanding the number of devices capable of streaming video from StreamVault Media . We have engaged a number of consumer electronics partners to offer instant streaming of content from StreamVault Media to various devices. We currently offer subscribers the ability to stream content through their computers and other devices, including the Xbox 360, PlayStation3, Internet-connected TVs and Blu-ray players, TiVo, and the Roku video digital player. We intend to broaden our partner relationships over time so that more devices, such as the Nintendo Wii game console, are capable of streaming content from StreamVault Media. By providing consumers with a broad array of devices capable of streaming content from StreamVault Media, we believe that we enhance the value of our service to subscribers as well as position ourselves for continued growth as the Internet delivery of content becomes more popular. Our web site—www.streamvaultmedia.com We apply substantial resources to develop and maintain technology to implement the features of our Web site, such as subscription account signup and management, personalized movie merchandising, inventory optimization and streaming content. We believe that our Web site provides our subscribers with an easy-to-use interface that enhances the value of our service. We believe that our ability to personally merchandise our content through the Web site optimizes subscriber satisfaction and management of our library by integrating the predictions from our recommendation and merchandising technology, each subscriber’s current queue and viewing history, inventory levels and other factors to determine which movies to promote to each subscriber. Subscribers pay for our service by a credit or debit card. We utilize third party services to authorize and process our payment methods. Throughout our Web site, we have extensive measurement and testing capabilities, allowing us to continuously optimize our Web site according to our needs, as well as those of our subscribers. We use random control testing extensively, including testing service levels, plans, promotions and pricing. Merchandising We use our proprietary recommendation and merchandising technology along with other data to determine which titles are presented to a subscriber. In doing so, we believe we provide our subscribers with a quick and personalized way to find titles they are more likely to enjoy while also effectively managing our inventory utilization. Our merchandising efforts are used throughout our web site to determine which titles are displayed to subscribers, including the generation of lists of similar titles. We believe our merchandising efforts create a powerful method for catalog browsing and efficient library utilization. We also provide our subscribers with detailed information about each title in our library which helps them select movies they will enjoy. This information may include: • factual data, including length, rating, cast and crew, special DVD features and screen formats; • movie trailers and other editorial perspectives, including plot synopses and reviews written by our editors, third parties and by other StreamVault Media subscribers; and • data from our recommendation and merchandising technology, including personal rating, average rating and other similar titles the subscriber may enjoy. Marketing We use multiple marketing channels through which we attract subscribers to our service. Online advertising is an important channel for acquiring subscribers. We advertise our service online through such vehicles as paid search listings, banner ads, text links and permission based e-mails. In addition, we have an affiliate program 5 Table of Contents whereby we make available Web-based banner ads and other advertisements that third parties may retrieve on a self-assisted basis from our Web site and place on their Web sites. We also engage our consumer electronics partners to generate new subscribers for our service. We also advertise our service on various regional and national TV and radio stations. We use targeted, solo direct mail, shared mail and newspaper print advertising to acquire new subscribers. We also participate in a variety of cooperative advertising programs with studios under the terms of which we receive cash consideration in exchange for featuring the studios movies in StreamVault Media promotional advertising. We believe that our paid marketing efforts are significantly enhanced by the benefits of word-of-mouth advertising, our subscriber referrals and our active public relations programs. Content acquisition We obtain content through direct purchases, revenue sharing agreements and license agreements. Under our DVD and streaming revenue sharing agreements with studios and distributors, we generally obtain titles for a low initial cost in exchange for a commitment for a defined period of time either to share a percentage of our subscription revenues or to pay a fee based on content utilization. After the revenue sharing period expires for a DVD, we generally have the option of returning the DVD to the studio, destroying the DVD or purchasing the DVD. The principal structure of each agreement is similar in nature but the specific terms are generally unique to each studio. We also purchase DVDs from various studios, distributors and other suppliers on a purchase order basis. Under these arrangements, we typically pay a per disc fee for each of the DVDs we purchase. For titles that are streamed to our subscribers, we generally license the content directly from studios and distributors for a defined period of time. Following expiration of the license term, we remove the content from our service unless we extend or renew the associated license agreement. Fulfillment operations We have allocated substantial resources to developing, maintaining and testing the technology that helps us manage fulfillment and the integration of our web site, transaction processing systems, fulfillment operations, inventory levels, content delivery networks and coordination of our shipping centers. We ship and receive DVDs from a nationwide network of shipping centers located throughout the United States. We believe our shipping centers allow us to improve the customer experience for subscribers by shortening the transit time for our DVDs through the U.S. Postal Service. We also utilize third party content delivery networks to help us efficiently stream movies and TV episodes in high volume to our subscribers over the Internet. Customer service We believe that our ability to establish and maintain long-term relationships with subscribers depends, in part, on the strength of our customer support and service operations. As such, we work on maintaining and improving the overall quality and level of customer service and support we provide to our subscribers. Our customer service center is located in Hillsboro, Oregon, and primarily handles subscriber inquiries by telephone. In addition, we continue to focus on eliminating the causes of customer support calls and providing certain self-service features on our web site, such as the ability to report and correct most shipping problems. We continue to explore new avenues to deliver efficient problem resolution and feedback channels. Employees As of December 31, 2009, we had 1,883 full-time employees. We also utilize part-time and temporary employees, primarily in our fulfillment operations, to respond to the fluctuating demand for DVD shipments. As of December 31, 2009, we had 2,197 part-time and temporary employees. Our employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. Intellectual property We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. We have filed patents in the U.S. and abroad. While our patents 6 Table of Contents are an important element of our business, our business as a whole is not materially dependent on any one or a combination of patents. We have registered trademarks and service marks for the StreamVault Media name and have filed applications for additional trademarks and service marks. Our software, the content of our Web site and other material which we create are protected by copyright. We also protect certain details about our business methods, processes and strategies as trade secrets, and keep confidential information that we believe gives us a competitive advantage. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks. Enforcement of intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. To date, we have relied primarily on proprietary processes and know-how to protect our intellectual property. It is uncertain if and when our other patent and trademark applications may be allowed and whether they will provide us with a competitive advantage. From time to time, we encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. We cannot assure that we will prevail in any intellectual property dispute. Other information We were incorporated in Delaware in August 1997 and completed our initial public offering in May 2002. Our principal executive offices are located at 100 Winchester Circle, 850 StreamVault Way, Maplewood, Washington 98025, and our telephone number is (360) 555-3701. We maintain a Web site at www.streamvaultmedia.com . The contents of our Web site are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, “StreamVault Media,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our” and the “registrant” refer to StreamVault Media Our investor relations Web site is located at http://ir.www.streamvaultmedia.com. We make available, free of charge, on our investor relations Web site under “SEC Filings,” our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing those reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 7 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business If our efforts to attract subscribers are not successful, our revenues will be adversely affected. We must continue to attract subscribers to our service. Our ability to attract subscribers will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our subscribers with a valuable and quality experience for selecting, viewing, receiving and returning DVD and streaming titles, including providing valuable recommendations through our recommendation and merchandising technology. Furthermore, the relative service levels, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract subscribers. Competitors include DVD rental outlets and kiosk services, video package providers with pay-per-view and VOD content, online DVD subscription rental web sites, entertainment video retail stores and Internet movie and TV content providers. If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, or if we introduce new services that are not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract subscribers. In addition, many of our subscribers are rejoining our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing subscribers. If our efforts to satisfy our existing subscribers are not successful, we may not be able to attract subscribers, and as a result, our revenues will be adversely affected. If we experience excessive rates of churn, our revenues and business will be harmed. We must minimize the rate of loss of existing subscribers while adding new subscribers. Subscribers cancel their subscription to our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, delivery takes too long, the service is a poor value, competitive services provide a better value or experience and customer service issues are not satisfactorily resolved. We must continually add new subscribers both to replace subscribers who cancel and to grow our business beyond our current subscriber base. If too many of our subscribers cancel our service, or if we are unable to attract new subscribers in numbers sufficient to grow our business, our operating results will be adversely affected. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing subscribers and attracting new subscribers, our churn will likely increase and our business will be adversely affected. Further, if excessive numbers of subscribers cancel our service, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenditures than we currently anticipate to replace these subscribers with new subscribers. Deterioration in the economy could impact our business. StreamVault Media is an entertainment service, and payment for our service may be considered discretionary on the part of many of our current and potential subscribers. To the extent the overall economy continues to deteriorate, such as in the case of a prolonged recession, our business could be impacted as subscribers choose either to leave our service or reduce their service levels. Also, efforts to attract new subscribers may be adversely impacted. If the market segment for online DVD rentals saturates, our business will be adversely affected. The market segment for online DVD rental has grown significantly since inception. Some of the increasing growth can be attributed to changes in our service offering, especially the ability of our subscribers to stream movies and TV episodes on their TVs and computers. A decline in our rate of growth could indicate that the market segment for online DVD rentals is beginning to saturate. While we believe that online DVD rentals will continue to grow for the foreseeable future, if this market segment were to saturate, our business would be adversely affected. 8 Table of Contents If we are unable to compete effectively, our business will be adversely affected. The market for in-home entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. New technologies for delivery of in-home entertainment video, such as VOD and Internet delivery of content, continue to receive considerable media and investor attention. Many of our competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. If we are unable to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors, programs and technologies, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability. Some of our competitors have adopted, and may continue to adopt, aggressive pricing policies and devote substantially more resources to marketing and Web site and systems development than we do. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against current or new competitors at our existing pricing levels or at even lower price points in the future. Furthermore, we may need to adjust the level of service provided to our subscribers and/or incur significantly higher marketing expenditures than we currently anticipate. As a result of increased competition, we may see a reduction in operating margins and market share. If VOD or other technologies are more widely adopted and supported as a method of content delivery, our business could be adversely affected. Some digital cable providers and Internet content providers have implemented technology referred to as VOD. This technology transmits movies and other entertainment content on demand with interactive capabilities such as start, stop and rewind. In addition, other technologies have been developed that allow alternative means for consumers to receive and watch movies or other entertainment, particularly over the Internet and on devices such as cell phones. Although we are providing our own Internet-based delivery of content, allowing our subscribers to stream certain movies and TV episodes, VOD or other technologies may become more affordable and viable alternative methods of content delivery that are widely supported by studios and distributors and adopted by consumers. If this happens more quickly than we anticipate or more quickly than our own Internet delivery offerings, or if other providers are better able to meet studio and consumer needs and expectations, our business could be adversely affected. If the popularity of the DVD format decreases, our business could be adversely affected. While the growth of DVD sales has slowed, we believe that the DVD will be a valuable long-term consumer proposition and studio profit center. However, if DVD sales were to decrease, because of a shift away from movie watching or because new or existing technologies were to become more popular at the expense of DVD enjoyment, studios and retailers may reduce their support of the DVD format. Our subscriber growth will be substantially influenced by the continued popularity of the DVD format, and if such popularity wanes, our subscriber growth may also slow. If U.S. Copyright law were altered to amend or eliminate the First Sale Doctrine or if studios were to release or distribute titles on DVD in a manner that attempts to circumvent or limit the affects of the First Sale Doctrine, our business could be adversely affected. Under U.S. Copyright Law, once a copyright owner sells a copy of his work, the copyright owner relinquishes all further rights to sell or otherwise dispose of that copy. While the copyright owner retains the underlying copyright to the expression fixed in the work, the copyright owner gives up his ability to control the fate of the work once it had been sold. As such, once a DVD is sold into the market, those obtaining the DVD are permitted to re-sell it, rent it or otherwise dispose of it. If Congress or the courts were to change or substantially limit this First Sale Doctrine, our ability to obtain content and then rent it could be adversely affected. Likewise, if studios agree to limit the sale or distribution of their content in ways that try to limit the affects of the First Sale Doctrine, our business could be adversely affected. For example, some studios have expressed a desire to delay the availability of new release DVDs for rental for a brief period of time following the DVDs release to the retail 9 Table of Contents market and, in connection therewith, would prohibit certain of their wholesalers from selling to various rental outlets, such as us and Redbox. In fact, Universal Studios and Twentieth Century Fox are engaged in litigation brought by Redbox over this practice. Furthermore, certain content owners, from time to time, have established exclusive rental windows with particular outlets. This happened in late 2006 and again in late 2007 when Blockbuster announced arrangements with certain content owners pursuant to which Blockbuster would receive content on DVDs for rental exclusively by Blockbuster. To the extent content is to be distributed exclusively and not to retail vendors or distributors, we could be prevented from obtaining such content. To the extent the content is also sold to retail vendors or distributors, we would not be prohibited from obtaining and renting such content pursuant to the First Sale Doctrine. Nonetheless, to the extent content owners do not distribute to us directly or through their wholesalers or otherwise establish exclusive rental windows, it will impact our ability to obtain such content in the most efficient manner and, in some cases, in sufficient quantity to satisfy demand. If such arrangements were to become more commonplace or if additional impediments to obtaining content were created, our ability to obtain content could be impacted and our business could be adversely affected. Delayed availability of new release DVDs for rental could adversely affect our business. We recently entered into a licensing agreement with Warner Bros. whereby we agreed not to rent new release Warner Bros. DVDs until twenty-eight days after such DVDs are first made available for retail sale. We believe that this agreement, and perhaps others like it, will provide us with less expensive content as well as deeper copy depth, thus improving both our business and consumer experience. Nonetheless, it is possible that the delay in obtaining new release content both from Warner Bros. and any other suppliers that may adopt similar licensing strategies could impact consumer perception of our service or otherwise negatively impact subscriber satisfaction. If this were to happen, our business could be adversely impacted. If studios were to offer new releases of entertainment video to other distribution channels prior to, or on parity with, the release on DVD, our business could be adversely affected. Except for theatrical release, DVDs currently enjoy a competitive advantage over other distribution channels, such as pay-per-view and VOD, because of the early distribution window on the DVD format. The window for new releases on DVD is generally exclusive against other forms of non-theatrical movie distribution, such as pay-per-view, Internet delivery, premium TV, basic cable and network and syndicated TV. The length of the exclusive window for movie rental and retail sales varies and the order, length and exclusivity of each window for each distribution channel are determined solely by the studio releasing the title. Over the past several years, the major studios have shortened the release windows and several studios have released movies simultaneously on DVD and VOD. If other distribution channels were to receive priority over, or parity with, DVD and such practices are widely adopted, our subscribers might find these other distribution channels of more value than our service and our business could be adversely affected. We depend on studios and distributors to license us content that we can stream instantly over the Internet. Streaming content over the Internet involves the licensing of rights which are separate from and independent of the rights we acquire when obtaining DVD content. Our ability to provide our subscribers with content they can watch instantly therefore depends on studios and distributors licensing us content specifically for Internet delivery. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary. If the studios and distributors change their terms and conditions or are no longer willing or able to provide us licenses, our ability to stream content to our subscribers will be adversely affected. Unlike DVD, streaming content is not subject to the First Sale Doctrine. As such, we are completely dependent on the studio or distributor providing us licenses in order to access and stream content. Many of the licenses provide for the studios or distributor to withdraw content from our service relatively quickly. Because of these provisions as well as other actions we may take, content available through our service can be withdrawn on short notice. For example, in December 2008, certain content associated with our license from the Starz Play service was withdrawn on short notice. In addition, the studios have great 10 Table of Contents flexibility in licensing content. They may elect to license content exclusively to a particular provider or otherwise limit the types of services that can deliver streaming content. For example, HBO licenses content from studios like Warner Bros. and the license provides HBO with the exclusive right to such content against other subscription services, including StreamVault Media. As such, StreamVault Media cannot license certain Warner Bros. content for delivery to its subscribers while Warner Bros. may nonetheless license the same content to transactional VOD providers. If we are unable to secure and maintain rights to streaming content or if we cannot otherwise obtain such content upon terms that are acceptable to us, our ability to stream movies and TV episodes to our subscribers will be adversely impacted, and our subscriber acquisition and retention could also be adversely impacted. During the course of our license relationship, various contract administration issues can arise. To the extent that we are unable to resolve any of these issues in an amicable manner, our relationship with the studios and distributors or our access to content may be adversely impacted. We rely upon a number of partners to offer instant streaming of content from StreamVault Media to various devices. We currently offer subscribers the ability to receive streaming content through their PCs, Macs and other devices, including Internet-connected Blu-ray players and TVs, digital video players and game consoles. We intend to broaden our capability to instantly stream movies and TV episodes to other platforms and partners over time. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing or other impediments to our streaming content, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. Our agreements with our consumer electronics partners are typically between one and three years in duration and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us. Furthermore, devices are manufactured and sold by entities other than StreamVault Media and while these entities should be responsible for the devices’ performance, the connection between these devices and StreamVault Media may nonetheless result in consumer dissatisfaction toward StreamVault Media and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our streaming functionality may require that partners update their devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, our service and our subscribers use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted. If we experience increased demand for titles which we are unable to offset with increased subscriber retention or operating margins, our operating results may be adversely affected. With our unlimited plans, there is no established limit to the number of movies and TV episodes that subscribers may rent on DVD or watch instantly. We are continually adjusting our service in ways that may impact subscriber content usage. Such adjustments include new Web site features and merchandising practices, improvements in the technology that enable subscribers to instantly watch movies and TV episodes, an expanded DVD distribution network and software and process changes. In addition, demand for titles may increase for a variety of reasons beyond our control, including promotion by studios and seasonal variations or shifts in consumer content watching. If our subscriber retention does not increase or our operating margins do not improve to an extent necessary to offset the effect of any increased operating costs associated with increased usage, our operating results will be adversely affected. In addition, our subscriber growth and retention may be adversely affected if we attempt to alter our service or increase our monthly subscription fees to offset any increased costs of acquiring or delivering titles. If our subscribers select titles or formats that are more expensive for us to obtain and deliver more frequently, our expenses may increase. Certain titles cost us more to purchase or result in greater revenue sharing expenses, depending on the source from which they are obtained and the terms on which they are obtained. If subscribers select these titles 11 Table of Contents more often on a proportional basis compared to all titles selected, our revenue sharing and other content acquisition expenses could increase, and our gross margins could be adversely affected. In addition, films released on Blu-ray and those released for streaming may be more expensive to obtain than in the standard definition DVD format. The rate of customer acceptance and adoption of these new formats is uncertain. If subscribers select these formats on a proportional basis more often than the existing standard definition DVD format, our content acquisition expenses could increase, and our gross margins could be adversely affected. If our efforts to build strong brand identity and improve subscriber satisfaction and loyalty are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain subscribers, and our operating results may be adversely affected. We must continue to build and maintain strong brand identity. To succeed, we must continue to attract and retain a large number of subscribers who have relied on other rental outlets and persuade them to subscribe to our service. In addition, we may have to compete for subscribers against other brands which have greater recognition than ours. We believe that the importance of brand loyalty will only increase in light of competition, both for online subscription services and other means of distributing titles, such as VOD. From time to time, our subscribers express dissatisfaction with our service, including among other things, our inventory allocation, delivery processing and service interruptions. Furthermore, third party devices that enable instant streaming of movies and TV episodes from StreamVault Media may not meet consumer expectations. To the extent dissatisfaction with our service is widespread or not adequately addressed, our brand may be adversely impacted. If our efforts to promote and maintain our brand are not successful, our operating results and our ability to attract and retain subscribers may be adversely affected. If we are unable to manage the mix of subscriber acquisition sources, our subscriber levels and marketing expenses may be adversely affected. We utilize a broad mix of marketing programs to promote our service to potential new subscribers. We obtain new subscribers through our online marketing efforts, including paid search listings, banner ads, text links and permission-based e-mails, as well as our active affiliate program. We also engage our consumer electronics partners to generate new subscribers for our service. In addition, we have engaged in various offline marketing programs, including TV and radio advertising, direct mail and print campaigns, consumer package and mailing insertions. We also acquire a number of subscribers who rejoin our service having previously cancelled their membership. We maintain an active public relations program to increase awareness of our service and drive subscriber acquisition. We opportunistically adjust our mix of marketing programs to acquire new subscribers at a reasonable cost with the intention of achieving overall financial goals. If we are unable to maintain or replace our sources of subscribers with similarly effective sources, or if the cost of our existing sources increases, our subscriber levels and marketing expenses may be adversely affected. If we are unable to continue using our current marketing channels, our ability to attract new subscribers may be adversely affected. We may not be able to continue to support the marketing of our service by current means if such activities are no longer available to us, become cost prohibitive or are adverse to our business. If companies that currently promote our service decide to enter our business or a similar business or decide to exclusively support our competitors, we may no longer be given access to such channels. In addition, if ad rates increase, we may curtail marketing expenses or otherwise experience an increase in our cost per subscriber. Laws and regulations impose restrictions on the use of certain channels, including commercial e-mail and direct mail. We may limit or discontinue use or support of e-mail and other activities if we become concerned that subscribers or potential subscribers deem such activities intrusive, which could affect our goodwill or brand. If the available marketing channels are curtailed, our ability to attract new subscribers may be adversely affected. 12 Table of Contents If we are not able to manage our growth, our business could be adversely affected. We have expanded rapidly since we launched our Web site in April 1998. Many of our systems and operational practices were implemented when we were at a smaller scale of operations. Also, as we grow, we have implemented new systems and software to help run our operations. If we are not able to refine or revise our legacy systems or implement new systems and software as we grow, if they fail or, if in responding to any other issues related to growth, our management is materially distracted from our current operations, our business may be adversely affected. We rely heavily on our proprietary technology to process deliveries and returns of our DVDs and to manage other aspects of our operations, including streaming of movies and TV episodes to our subscribers, and the failure of this technology to operate effectively could adversely affect our business. We use complex proprietary and other technology to process deliveries and returns of our DVDs and to manage other aspects of our operations, including streaming of movies and TV episodes to our subscribers. We continually enhance or modify the technology used for our distribution operations. We cannot be sure that any enhancements or other modifications we make to our distribution operations will achieve the intended results or otherwise be of value to our subscribers. Future enhancements and modifications to our technology could consume considerable resources. If we are unable to maintain and enhance our technology to manage the processing of DVDs among our shipping centers or the streaming of movies and TV episodes to our subscribers in a timely and efficient manner, our ability to retain existing subscribers and to add new subscribers may be impaired. In addition, if our technology or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, our ability to retain existing subscribers and to add new subscribers may be impaired. Also, any harm to our subscribers’ personal computers or other devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we experience delivery problems or if our subscribers or potential subscribers lose confidence in the U.S. mail system, we could lose subscribers, which could adversely affect our operating results. We rely exclusively on the U.S. Postal Service to deliver DVDs from our shipping centers and to return DVDs to us from our subscribers. We are subject to risks associated with using the public mail system to meet our shipping needs, including delays or disruptions caused by inclement weather, natural disasters, labor activism, health epidemics or bioterrorism. Our DVDs are also subject to risks of breakage and theft during our processing of shipments as well as during delivery and handling by the U.S. Postal Service. The risk of breakage is also impacted by the materials and methods used to replicate our DVDs. If the entities replicating our DVDs use materials and methods more likely to break during delivery and handling or we fail to timely deliver DVDs to our subscribers, our subscribers could become dissatisfied and cancel our service, which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, increased breakage and theft rates for our DVDs will increase our cost of acquiring titles. Increases in the cost of delivering DVDs could adversely affect our gross profit. Increases in postage delivery rates could adversely affect our gross profit if we elect not to raise our subscription fees to offset the increase. The U.S. Postal Service increased the rate for first class postage on May 12, 2008 to 42 cents and again in May 2009 to 44 cents. It is expected that the U.S. Postal Service will raise rates again in subsequent years in accordance with the powers given the U.S. Postal Service in connection with the 2007 postal reform legislation. However, in October 2009, the U.S. Postal Service announced that it would not raise rates in 2010. The U.S. Postal Service continues to focus on plans to reduce its costs and make its service more efficient. If the U.S. Postal Service were to change any policies relative to the requirements of first-class mail, including changes in size, weight or machinability qualifications of our DVD envelopes, such changes could result in increased shipping costs or higher breakage for our DVDs, and our gross margin could be adversely affected. For example, the Office of Inspector General (“OIG”) at the U.S. Postal Service issued a report in November 2007 recommending that the U.S. Postal Service revise the machinability qualifications for 13 Table of Contents first class mail related to DVDs or to charge DVD mailers who don’t comply with the new regulations a 17 cent surcharge on all mail deemed unmachinable. In addition, a by-mail game rental company filed a complaint with the Postal Regulatory Commission alleging that the U.S. Postal Service unreasonably discriminated against it in favor of StreamVault Media and Blockbuster. To the extent this proceeding was to result in operational or regulatory changes impacting our mail processing, our gross margins and business operations could be adversely affected. We do not anticipate any material impact to our operational practices or postage delivery rates arising from the OIG report or the proceeding. Also, if the U.S. Postal Service curtails its services, such as by closing facilities or discontinuing or reducing Saturday delivery service, our ability to timely deliver DVDs could diminish, and our subscriber satisfaction could be adversely affected. Studios also release films in high definition format on Blu-ray. This high definition format DVD has higher damage rates than we currently experience with standard definition DVDs. If we were to see a significant increase in the number of Blu-ray DVDs we ship or an increase in the percentage of Blu-ray DVDs our subscribers take and the damage rates remained higher than standard definition DVDs, our gross margins, profitability and cash flow could be adversely affected. If we are unable to effectively utilize our recommendation and merchandising technology, our business may suffer. Our proprietary recommendation and merchandising technology enables us to predict and recommend titles and effectively merchandise our library to our subscribers. We believe that in order for our recommendation and merchandising technology to function most effectively, it must access a large database of user ratings. We cannot assure that our recommendation and merchandising technology will continue to function effectively to predict and recommend titles that our subscribers will enjoy, or that we will continue to be successful in enticing subscribers to rate enough titles for our database to effectively predict and recommend new or existing titles. We are continually refining our recommendation and merchandising technology in an effort to improve its predictive accuracy and usefulness to our subscribers. We may experience difficulties in implementing refinements. In addition, we cannot assure that we will be able to continue to make and implement meaningful refinements to our recommendation technology. If our recommendation and merchandising technology does not enable us to predict and recommend titles that our subscribers will enjoy or if we are unable to implement meaningful improvements, our personal movie recommendation service will be less useful, in which event: • our subscriber satisfaction may decrease, subscribers may perceive our service to be of lower value and our ability to attract and retain subscribers may be adversely affected; • our ability to effectively merchandise and utilize our library will be adversely affected; and • our subscribers may default to choosing titles from among new releases or other titles that cost us more to provide, and our margins may be adversely affected. If we do not acquire sufficient DVD titles, our subscriber satisfaction and results of operations may be adversely affected. If we do not acquire sufficient copies of DVDs, either by not correctly anticipating demand or by intentionally acquiring fewer copies than needed to fully satisfy demand, we may not appropriately satisfy subscriber demand, and our subscriber satisfaction and results of operations could be adversely affected. Conversely, if we attempt to mitigate this risk and acquire more copies than needed to satisfy our subscriber demand, our inventory utilization would become less effective and our gross margins would be adversely affected. Our ability to accurately predict subscriber demand as well as market factors such as exclusive distribution arrangements may impact our ability to acquire appropriate quantities of certain DVDs. 14 Table of Contents If we are unable to renew or renegotiate our revenue sharing agreements when they expire on terms favorable to us, or if the cost of obtaining titles on a wholesale basis increases, our gross margins may be adversely affected. We obtain DVDs through a mix of revenue sharing agreements and direct purchases. The type of agreement depends on the economic terms we can negotiate as well as studio preferences. We have entered into numerous revenue sharing arrangements with studios and distributors which typically enabled us to increase our copy depth of DVDs on an economical basis because of a low initial payment with additional payments made only if our subscribers rent the DVD. During the course of our revenue sharing relationships, various contract administration issues can arise. To the extent that we are unable to resolve any of these issues in an amicable manner, our relationship with the studios and distributors or our access to content may be adversely impacted. As the revenue sharing agreements expire, we must renegotiate new terms or shift to direct purchasing arrangements, under which we must pay the full wholesale price regardless of whether the DVD is rented. If we cannot renegotiate purchasing on favorable terms, the cost of obtaining content could increase and our gross margins may be adversely affected. In addition, the risk associated with accurately predicting title demand could increase if we are required to directly purchase more titles. If the sales price of DVDs to retail consumers decreases, our ability to attract new subscribers may be adversely affected. The cost of manufacturing DVDs is substantially less than the price for which new DVDs are generally sold in the retail market. Thus, we believe that studios and other resellers of DVDs have significant flexibility in pricing DVDs for retail sale. If the retail price of DVDs decreases significantly, consumers may choose to purchase DVDs instead of subscribing to our service. Any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service and could adversely impact our business. Subscribers and potential subscribers access our service through our Web site or a StreamVault Media Ready Device. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our subscribers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Interruptions in these systems, or with the Internet in general, including discriminatory network management practices, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to fulfill DVD selections or deliver streaming content. For example, in August 2008, we suffered a service interruption that impacted our ability to ship and receive DVDs as well as stream movies to our subscribers. Much of our software is proprietary, and we rely on the expertise of our engineering and software development teams for the continued performance of our software and computer systems. Service interruptions, errors in our software or the unavailability of computer systems used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our subscription service to existing and potential subscribers. Our servers and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of data. Our Web site periodically experiences directed attacks intended to cause a disruption in service. Any attempts by hackers to disrupt our service or our internal systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. Our insurance does not cover expenses related to direct attacks on our Web site or internal systems. Efforts to prevent hackers from entering our computer systems are expensive to implement and may limit the functionality of our services. In certain instances, we have voluntarily provided affected subscribers with a credit during periods of extended outage. Any significant disruption to our service or internal computer systems could result in a loss of subscribers and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 15 Table of Contents We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party Web hosting provider. We recently have begun utilizing third-party Internet-based or “cloud” computing systems in connection with our business operations. Also, we utilize third-party content delivery networks to help us stream movies and TV episodes in high volume to StreamVault Media subscribers over the Internet. Fires, floods, earthquakes, power losses, telecommunications failures, break-ins and similar events could damage these systems and hardware or cause them to fail completely. As we do not maintain entirely redundant systems, a disrupting event could result in prolonged downtime of our operations and could adversely affect our business. In addition, problems faced by our third party Web hosting, cloud computing, or content delivery network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, could adversely impact the experience of our subscribers. In the event of an earthquake or other natural or man-made disaster, our operations could be adversely affected. Our executive offices and data centers are located in the San Francisco Bay Area. We have shipping centers located throughout the United States, including earthquake and hurricane-sensitive areas. Our business and operations could be adversely affected in the event of these natural disasters as well as from electrical blackouts, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, break-ins or similar events. We may not be able to effectively shift our fulfillment and delivery operations to handle disruptions in service arising from these events. Because the San Francisco Bay Area is located in an earthquake-sensitive area, we are particularly susceptible to the risk of damage to, or total destruction of, our executive offices and data centers. We are not insured against any losses or expenses that arise from a disruption to our business due to earthquakes and may not have adequate insurance to cover losses and expenses from other natural disasters. Privacy concerns could limit our ability to leverage our subscriber data and our disclosure of or unauthorized access to subscriber data could adversely impact our business and reputation. In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with providing our personal movie recommendations, we collect and utilize data supplied by our subscribers. We currently face certain legal obligations regarding the manner in which we treat such information. Other businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for attempts to link personal identities and other information to data collected on the Internet regarding users’ browsing and other habits. Increased regulation of data utilization practices, including self-regulation as well as increased enforcement of existing laws, could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if unauthorized access to our subscriber data were to occur or if we were to disclose data about our subscribers in a manner that was objectionable to them, our business reputation could be adversely affected, and we could face potential legal claims that could impact our operating results. Our reputation and relationships with subscribers would be harmed if our subscriber data, particularly billing data, were to be accessed by unauthorized persons. We maintain personal data regarding our subscribers, including names and mailing addresses. With respect to billing data, such as credit card numbers, we rely on licensed encryption and authentication technology to secure such information. We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our subscribers’ data. If, despite these measures, we, or our payment processing service, experience any unauthorized intrusion into our subscribers’ data, current and potential subscribers may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary for them to become subscribers, we could face legal claims, and our business could be adversely affected. Similarly, if a well-publicized breach of the consumer data security of any other major consumer Web site were to occur, there could be a general public loss of confidence in the use of the Internet for commerce transactions which could adversely affect our business. In addition, because we obtain subscribers’ billing information on our Web site, we do not obtain signatures from subscribers in connection with the use of credit cards by them. Under current credit card practices, to the extent we do not obtain cardholders’ signatures, we are liable for fraudulent credit card transactions, even when 16 Table of Contents the associated financial institution approves payment of the orders. From time to time, fraudulent credit cards are used on our Web site to obtain service and access our DVD inventory and streaming. Typically, these credit cards have not been registered as stolen and are therefore not rejected by our automatic authorization safeguards. While we do have a number of other safeguards in place, we nonetheless experience some loss from these fraudulent transactions. We do not currently carry insurance against the risk of fraudulent credit card transactions. A failure to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions would harm our business and results of operations. Increases in payment processing fees or changes to operating rules would increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our subscribers pay for our subscription services predominately using credit cards and debit cards. Our acceptance of these payment methods requires our payment of certain fees. From time to time, these fees may increase, either as a result of rate changes by the payment processing companies or as a result in a change in our business practices which increase the fees on a cost-per-transaction basis. Such increases may adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to rules, regulations and practices governing our accepted payment methods, which are predominately credit cards and debit cards. These rules, regulations and practices could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept these payment methods, and our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to prevent use or appropriation by our competitors, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected. We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We may also seek to enforce our proprietary rights through court proceedings. We have filed and from time to time we expect to file for trademark and patent applications. Nevertheless, these applications may not be approved, third parties may challenge any patents issued to or held by us, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our patents, trademarks and other proprietary rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement without substantial expense to us. If the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to subscribers and potential subscribers may become confused in the marketplace, and our ability to attract subscribers may be adversely affected. Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant rights related to, among other things, our Web site, our recommendation and merchandising technology, title selection processes and marketing activities. Trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other companies. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes and the content on our Web site. We use the intellectual property of third parties in merchandising our products and marketing our service through contractual and other rights. From time to time, third parties allege that we have violated their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third party intellectual property rights, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. Many companies are devoting significant 17 Table of Contents resources to developing patents that could potentially affect many aspects of our business. There are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the Internet. We have not exhaustively searched patents relative to our technology. Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, results in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. It also may result in our inability to use our current Web site or our recommendation and merchandising technology or inability to market our service or merchandise our products. As a result of a dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to protect our domain names, our reputation and brand could be adversely affected. We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including www.streamvaultmedia.com. Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our reputation and brand and make it more difficult for users to find our Web site and our service. The acquisition and maintenance of domain names generally are regulated by governmental agencies and their designees. The regulation of domain names in the United States may change in the near future. Governing bodies may establish additional top-level domains, appoint additional domain name registrars or modify the requirements for holding domain names. As a result, we may be unable to acquire or maintain relevant domain names. Furthermore, the relationship between regulations governing domain names and laws protecting trademarks and similar proprietary rights is unclear. We may be unable, without significant cost or at all, to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. If we become subject to liability for content that we distribute through our service, our results of operations would be adversely affected. As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we distribute. We also may face potential liability for content uploaded from our users in connection with our community-related content or movie reviews. If we become liable, then our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability could harm our results of operations. We cannot assure that we are adequately insured or indemnified to cover claims of these types or liability that may be imposed on us. If government regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business change or if consumer attitudes toward use of the Internet change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or incur greater operating expenses. The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business. In addition, the growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model. The manner in which Internet and other legislation may be interpreted and enforced cannot be precisely determined and may subject either us or our customers to potential liability, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the popularity or growth in use of the Internet, including laws limiting Internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our subscription service and increase our cost of doing business. 18 Table of Contents We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management’s time and attention. From time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. As we have grown, we have seen a rise in the number of litigation matters against us. Most of these matters relate to patent infringement lawsuits, which are typically expensive to defend. Litigation disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, could occupy a significant amount of our management’s time and attention and could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. Changes in securities laws and regulations have increased and may continue to increase our costs. Changes in the laws and regulations affecting public companies, including the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and recently enacted rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, have increased and may continue to increase our expenses as we devote resources to their requirements. We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those of our common stockholders. From time to time, we may seek to obtain additional capital, either through equity, equity-linked or debt securities. The decision to obtain additional capital will depend, among other things, on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. We issued $200 million in a debt offering and may incur additional debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. As of December 31, 2009, we have $200 million in 8.50% senior notes outstanding. Risks relating to our long-term indebtedness include: • Requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; • Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we operate; and • Limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms we find acceptable. In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary course of business. The terms of indentures governing our outstanding senior notes allow us to incur additional debt subject to certain limitations. If new debt is added to current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants that limit our discretion in the operation of our business and also require us to meet certain covenants. The failure to comply with such covenants could have a material adverse effect on us. The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants, including those that restrict our ability to, among other things: • Borrow money, and guarantee or provide other support for indebtedness of third parties including guarantees; • Pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; • Make investments in entities that we do not control, including joint ventures; 19 Table of Contents • Enter into certain asset sale transactions; • Enter into secured financing arrangements; • Enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and • Enter into unrelated businesses. These covenants may limit our ability to effectively operate our businesses. Any failure to comply with the restrictions of any agreement governing our other indebtedness may result in an event of default under those agreements. Risks Related to Our Stock Ownership Our officers and directors and their affiliates will exercise significant control over StreamVault Media. As of December 31, 2009, our executive officers and directors, their immediate family members and affiliated venture capital funds beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 23% of our outstanding common stock and stock options that are exercisable within 60 days. In particular, Jay Hoag, one of our directors, beneficially owned approximately 14% and Martin Hale, our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board, beneficially owned approximately 6%. These stockholders may have individual interests that are different from other stockholders and will be able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, which could delay or prevent someone from acquiring or merging with us. Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. Our charter documents may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable because they: • authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock; • provide for a classified board of directors; • prohibit our stockholders from acting by written consent; • establish advance notice requirements for proposing matters to be approved by stockholders at stockholder meetings; and • prohibit stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders. In addition, a merger or acquisition may trigger retention payments to certain executive employees under the terms of our Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan, thereby increasing the cost of such a transaction. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us. Our stock price is volatile. The price at which our common stock has traded since our May 2002 initial public offering has fluctuated significantly. The price may continue to be volatile due to a number of factors including the following, some of which are beyond our control: • variations in our operating results; • variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors and the financial community; 20 Table of Contents • announcements of developments affecting our business, systems or expansion plans by us or others; • competition, including the introduction of new competitors, their pricing strategies and services; • market volatility in general; • the level of demand for our stock, including the amount of short interest in our stock; and • the operating results of our competitors. As a result of these and other factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above their original purchase price. Following certain periods of volatility in the market price of our securities, we became the subject of securities litigation. We may experience more such litigation following future periods of volatility. This type of litigation may result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources. We record substantial stock compensation expenses related to our issuance of stock options and shares under our employee share purchase program that may have a material negative impact on our operating results for the foreseeable future. Our stock-based compensation expenses totaled $12.6 million, $12.3 million and $12.0 million during 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. We expect our stock-based compensation expenses will continue to be significant in future periods, which will have an adverse impact on our operating results. The lattice-binomial model used to value our stock option grants and the black-scholes models used to value shares granted under our employee share purchase program both require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the price volatility of the underlying stock. If facts and circumstances change and we employ different assumptions for estimating stock-based compensation expense in future periods, or if we decide to use a different valuation model, the future period expenses may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the current period and could materially affect the fair value estimate of stock-based payments, our operating income, net income and net income per share. Financial forecasting by us and financial analysts who may publish estimates of our performance may differ materially from actual results. Given the dynamic nature of our business, the current uncertain economic climate and the inherent limitations in predicting the future, forecasts of our revenues, gross margin, operating expenses, number of paying subscribers, number of DVDs shipped per day and other financial and operating data may differ materially from actual results. Such discrepancies could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 21 Table of Contents Item 2. Properties We do not own any real estate. The following table sets forth the location, approximate square footage, lease expiration and the primary use of each of our principal properties: Location Estimated Square Footage Lease Expiration Date Primary Use Maplewood, Washington 165,000 March 2013 Corporate office, general and administrative, marketing and technology and development Columbus, Ohio 90,000 August 2016 Receiving for the Company and storage center, processing and shipping center for the Columbus Area Hillsboro, Oregon 49,000 April 2011 Customer service center Beverly Hills, California 20,000 August 2015 Content acquisition, general and administrative We operate a nationwide network of distribution centers that serve major metropolitan areas throughout the United States. These fulfillment centers are under lease agreements that expire at various dates through August 2016. We also operate data centers in a leased third-party facility in Santa Clara, California. We believe that our current space will be adequate or that additional space will be available on commercially reasonable terms for the foreseeable future. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Securities Holders None. 22 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock has traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and its predecessor, the NASDAQ National Market, under the symbol “SVLT” since our initial public offering on May 23, 2002. The following table sets forth the intraday high and low sales prices per share of our common stock for the periods indicated, as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 2009 2008 High Low High Low First quarter $ 44.42 $ 28.78 $ 39.65 $ 20.35 Second quarter 50.24 36.25 40.90 26.04 Third quarter 48.20 37.93 33.97 26.39 Fourth quarter 61.65 44.30 31.00 17.90 As of January 31, 2010, there were approximately 203 stockholders of record of our common stock, although there is a significantly larger number of beneficial owners of our common stock. We have not declared or paid any cash dividends, and we have no present intention of paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 23 Table of Contents Stock Performance Graph Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in any of our previous or future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following information relating to the price performance of our common stock shall not be deemed “filed” with the Commission or “soliciting material” under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings. The following graph compares, for the five year period ended December 31, 2009, the total cumulative stockholder return on the Company’s common stock with the total cumulative return of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the S&P North American Technology Internet Index. Measurement points are the last trading day of each of the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2004, December 31, 2005, December 31, 2006, December 31, 2007, December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2009. Total cumulative stockholder return assumes $100 invested at the beginning of the period in the Company’s common stock, the stocks represented in the NASDAQ Composite Index and the stocks represented in the S&P North American Technology Internet Index, respectively, and reinvestment of any dividends. The S&P North American Technology Internet Index is a modified-capitalization weighted index of 23 stocks representing the Internet industry, including Internet content and access providers, Internet software and services companies and e-commerce companies. Historical stock price performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future stock price performance: 24 Table of Contents Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Stock repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2009 were as follows: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Maximum Dollar Value That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program October 1, 2009—October 31, 2009 1,147,383 $ 45.57 1,147,383 $ 178,030,792 November 1, 2009—November 30, 2009 470,376 57.69 470,376 150,894,286 December 1, 2009—December 31, 2009 — — — 150,894,286 Total 1,617,759 $ 49.09 1,617,759 $ 150,894,286 On August 6, 2009, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan that enables the Company to repurchase up to $300 million of its common stock through the end of 2010. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,197,459 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $47 per share for an aggregate amount of $149 million. On January 26, 2009, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program for 2009. Under this program, the Company repurchased 4,173,855 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $42 per share for an aggregate amount of approximately $175 million. This program terminated on August 6, 2009. On March 5, 2008, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $150 million of its common stock through the end of 2008. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,491,084 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $29 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. On January 31, 2008, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $100 million of its common stock through the end of 2008. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,847,062 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $26 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. On April 17, 2007, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $100 million of its common stock through the end of 2007. During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company repurchased 4,733,788 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $21 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. For further information regarding stock repurchase activity, see Note 7 of Notes to consolidated financial statements. 25 Table of Contents Item 6. Selected Financial Data The following selected financial data is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations and should be read in conjunction with “Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data .” Year ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 (1) 2006 2005 (2) (in thousands, except per share data) Revenues $ 1,670,269 $ 1,364,661 $ 1,205,340 $ 996,660 $ 682,213 Total cost of revenues 1,079,271 910,234 786,168 626,985 465,775 Operating income 191,939 121,506 91,773 65,218 2,622 Net income 115,860 83,026 66,608 48,839 41,889 Net income per share: Basic $ 2.05 $ 1.36 $ 0.99 $ 0.78 $ 0.78 Diluted $ 1.98 $ 1.32 $ 0.97 $ 0.71 $ 0.64 Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic 56,560 60,961 67,076 62,577 53,528 Diluted 58,416 62,836 68,902 69,075 65,518 Notes: (1) Operating expenses for the year includes a one-time payment received in the amount of $7.0 million as a result of resolving a patent litigation with Blockbuster, Inc. (2) Net income for the year includes a benefit of realized deferred tax assets of $34.9 million or approximately $0.53 per diluted share, related to the recognition of the Company’s deferred tax assets. In addition, general and administrative expenses includes an accrual of $8.1 million (net of expected insurance proceeds for reimbursement of legal defense costs of $0.9 million) related to the settlement costs of a class action lawsuit. As of December 31, 2009 2008 (5) 2007 2006 2005 (in thousands) Balance Sheet Data: Cash and cash equivalents $ 134,224 $ 139,881 $ 177,439 $ 400,430 $ 212,256 Short-term investments (3) 186,018 157,390 207,703 — — Working capital 184,644 142,908 223,518 234,582 105,776 Total assets 679,734 615,424 678,998 633,013 385,114 Long-term debt 200,000 — — — — Lease financing obligations, excluding current portion 36,572 37,988 35,652 23,798 19,876 Other non-current liabilities 17,650 14,264 4,629 1,761 1,421 Stockholders’ equity 199,143 347,155 429,812 413,618 225,902 As of / Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 (in thousands, except subscriber acquisition cost) Other Data: Total subscribers at end of period 12,268 9,390 7,479 6,316 4,179 Gross subscriber additions during period 9,332 6,859 5,340 5,250 3,729 Subscriber acquisition cost (4) $ 25.48 $ 29.12 $ 40.86 $ 42.94 $ 38.78 (3) Short-term investments are comprised of corporate debt securities, government and agency securities and asset and mortgage-backed securities. 26 Table of Contents (4) Subscriber acquisition cost is defined as total marketing expenses divided by total gross subscriber additions during the period. (5) Certain amounts as of December 31, 2008 have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Our Business With more than 12 million subscribers, we are the world’s largest subscription service streaming movies and TV episodes over the Internet and sending DVDs by mail. Our subscribers can instantly watch unlimited movies and TV episodes streamed to their TVs and computers and can receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes. We offer a variety of subscription plans, with no due dates, no late fees, no shipping fees and no pay-per-view fees. Aided by our proprietary recommendation and merchandising technology, subscribers can select from a growing library of titles that can be watched instantly and a vast array of titles on DVD. On average, approximately 2 million discs are shipped daily from our distribution centers across the United States. Additionally, more than 48% of our subscribers instantly watched more than 15 minutes of streaming content in the fourth quarter of 2009. Subscribers can: • Watch streaming content without commercial interruption on their computers and TVs. The viewing experience is enabled by StreamVault Media controlled software that can run on a variety of consumer electronics devices (“StreamVault Media Ready Devices”). These StreamVault Media Ready Devices currently include Blu-ray disc players, Internet-connected TVs, digital video players and game consoles. • Receive DVDs by U.S. mail and return them to us at their convenience using our prepaid mailers. After a DVD has been returned, we mail the next available DVD in a subscriber’s queue. Our core strategy is to grow a large subscription business consisting of streaming and DVD-by–mail content. By combining streaming and DVD as part of the StreamVault Media subscription, we are able to offer subscribers a uniquely compelling selection of movies for one low monthly price. We believe this creates a competitive advantage as compared to a streaming only subscription service. This advantage will diminish over time as more content becomes available over the Internet from competing services, by which time we expect to have further developed our other advantages such as brand, distribution and our proprietary merchandising platform. Despite the growing popularity of Internet delivered content, we expect that the standard definition DVD, along with its high definition successor, Blu-ray (collectively referred to as “DVD”), will continue to be the primary means by which a majority of StreamVault Media subscribers view content for the foreseeable future. However, at some point in the future, we expect that Internet delivery of content to the home will surpass DVD as the primary means by which most StreamVault Media subscribers view content. 27 Table of Contents Performance Highlights The following represents our performance highlights for 2009, 2008 and 2007 (in thousands, except for per share amounts, percentages and subscriber acquisition costs): 2009 2008 2007 Revenues $ 1,670,269 $ 1,364,661 $ 1,205,340 Net income 115,860 83,026 66,608 Net income per share—diluted $ 1.98 $ 1.32 $ 0.97 Total subscribers at end of period 12,268 9,390 7,479 Churn (annualized) (1) 4.2 % 4.2 % 4.3 % Subscriber acquisition cost $ 25.48 $ 29.12 $ 40.86 Gross margin 35.4 % 33.3 % 34.8 % (1) Churn is a monthly measure defined as customer cancellations in the quarter divided by the sum of beginning subscribers and gross subscriber addition, then divided by three months. Churn (annualized) is the average of Churn for the four quarters of each respective year. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. The Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) has defined a company’s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company’s financial condition and results of operations, and which require a company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Content Accounting We obtain content through direct purchases, revenue sharing agreements and license agreements with studios, distributors, and other suppliers. DVD content is obtained through direct purchases or revenue sharing agreements. Streaming content is generally licensed for a fixed fee for the term of the license agreement but may also be obtained through a revenue sharing agreement. We acquire DVD content for the purpose of rental to our subscribers and earning subscription rental revenues, and, as such, we consider our direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, we classify our DVD library as a non-current asset on our consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, cash outflows for the acquisition of the DVD library, net of changes in related accounts payable, are classified as cash flows from investing activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows. This is inclusive of any upfront non-refundable payments required under revenue sharing agreements. We amortize our direct purchase DVDs, less estimated salvage value, on a “sum-of-the-months” accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. The useful life of the new-release DVDs and back-catalog DVDs is estimated to be one year and three years, respectively. In estimating the useful life of our DVDs, we take into account library utilization as well as an estimate for lost or damaged DVDs. For those direct purchase DVDs that we estimate we will sell at the end of their useful lives, a salvage value is provided. For those DVDs that we do not expect to sell, no salvage value is provided. We periodically evaluate the useful lives and salvage values of our DVDs. 28 Table of Contents Additionally, the terms of certain DVD direct purchase agreements with studios and distributors provide for volume purchase discounts or rebates based on achieving specified performance levels. Volume purchase discounts are recorded as a reduction of DVD library when earned. We accrue for rebates as earned based on historical title performance and estimates of demand for the titles over the remainder of the title term. We obtain content distribution rights in order to stream movies and TV episodes without commercial interruption to subscribers’ computers and TVs via StreamVault Media Ready Devices. We account for streaming content in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) topic 920 Entertainment—Broadcasters . Cash outflows associated with the streaming content are classified as cash flows from operating activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows. We classify our streaming content obtained through a license agreement as either a current or non-current asset in the consolidated balance sheets based on the estimated time of usage after certain criteria have been met, including availability of the streaming content for its first showing. We amortize licensed streaming content on a straight-line basis generally over the term of the related license agreements or the title’s window of availability. We also obtain DVD and streaming content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and distributors. We generally obtain titles for low initial cost in exchange for a commitment to share a percentage of our subscription revenues or to pay a fee, based on utilization, for a defined period of time, or the Title Term, which typically ranges from six to twelve months for each title. The initial cost may be in the form of an upfront non-refundable payment. This payment is capitalized in the content library in accordance with our DVD and streaming content policies as applicable. The initial cost may also be in the form of a prepayment of future revenue sharing obligations which is classified as prepaid revenue sharing expense. The terms of some revenue sharing agreements with studios obligate us to make minimum revenue sharing payments for certain titles. We amortize minimum revenue sharing prepayments (or accrete an amount payable to studios if the payment is due in arrears) as revenue sharing obligations are incurred. A provision for estimated shortfall, if any, on minimum revenue sharing payments is made in the period in which the shortfall becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Under the revenue sharing agreements for our DVD library, at the end of the Title Term, we generally have the option of returning the DVD to the studio, destroying the DVD or purchasing the DVD. Stock-Based Compensation Stock-based compensation expense is estimated at the grant date based on the fair value of the awards expected to vest and is recognized as expense ratably over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period. We calculate the fair value of new stock-based compensation awards under our stock option plans using a lattice-binomial model. We use a Black-Scholes model to determine the fair value of employee stock purchase plan shares. These models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including price volatility of the underlying stock. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair value of options granted and our results of operations could be materially impacted. • Expected Volatility: Our computation of expected volatility is based on a blend of historical volatility of our common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of our common stock. Our decision to incorporate implied volatility was based on our assessment that implied volatility of publicly traded options in our common stock is more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of our common stock. • Suboptimal Exercise Factor: Our computation of the suboptimal exercise factor is based on historical option exercise behavior and the terms and vesting periods of the options granted and is determined for both executives and non-executives. We grant stock options to our employees on a monthly basis. We have elected to grant all options as non-qualified stock options which vest immediately. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation 29 Table of Contents expense is fully recognized on the grant date and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. We also issue shares through our employee stock purchase program (“ESPP”) which has been determined to be compensatory in nature. Stock-based compensation expense for shares issued under this program is expensed over the offering period of six months. Our stock-based compensation expenses totaled $12.6 million, $12.3 million and $12.0 million during 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. As a result of changes in our compensation structure and related employee elections for 2010 resulting in an increase in the number of options granted to employees, we expect our stock-based compensation expense for 2010 and future periods will increase significantly. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about stock based compensation. Income Taxes We record a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying the enacted tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. We may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, in full or in part, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, and our forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The assumptions utilized in determining future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. We believe that the deferred tax assets recorded on our balance sheet will ultimately be realized. In the event we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be charged to earnings in the period in which we make such determination. 30 Table of Contents Results of Operations The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, the line items in our consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of total revenues. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 Revenues 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % Costs of revenues: Subscription 54.4 55.8 55.1 Fulfillment expenses 10.2 10.9 10.1 Total cost of revenues 64.6 66.7 65.2 Gross profit 35.4 33.3 34.8 Operating expenses: Technology and development 6.9 6.6 5.9 Marketing 14.2 14.6 18.1 General and administrative 3.1 3.6 4.3 Gain on disposal of DVDs (0.3 ) (0.4 ) (0.5 ) Gain on legal settlement — — (0.6 ) Total operating expenses 23.9 24.4 27.2 Operating income 11.5 8.9 7.6 Other income (expense): Interest expense (0.4 ) (0.2 ) (0.1 ) Interest and other income (expense) 0.4 0.9 1.7 Income before income taxes 11.5 9.6 9.2 Provision for income taxes 4.6 3.5 3.7 Net income 6.9 % 6.1 % 5.5 % Revenues We derive substantially all of our revenues from monthly subscription fees and recognize subscription revenues ratably over each subscriber’s monthly subscription period. We record refunds to subscribers as a reduction of revenues. We currently generate all our revenues in the United States, although we plan to launch a limited international expansion with a streaming subscription service in 2010. We offer a variety of subscription plans combining streaming movies and TV episodes over the Internet and sending DVDs by mail. The price per plan varies based on the number of DVDs that a subscriber has out at any given point and based on whether the service has limited or unlimited usage. All of our unlimited plans allow the subscriber unlimited streaming to their computer or StreamVault Media Ready Device. The vast majority of our subscriber base has chosen a 1, 2 or 3-out Unlimited plan. Customers electing access to the high definition Blu-ray discs in addition to standard definition DVDs pay a surcharge ranging from $1 to $4 for our most popular plans. Pricing of our plans is as follows: Price per month 1-out Limited $ 4.99 1-out Unlimited 8.99 2-out Unlimited 13.99 3-out Unlimited 16.99 All other Unlimited Plans 23.99 to 47.99 31 Table of Contents Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs 2008 (in thousands, except percentages and average monthly revenue per paying subscriber) Revenues $ 1,670,269 $ 1,364,661 22.4 % Other data: Average number of paying subscribers 10,464 8,268 26.6 % Average monthly revenue per paying subscriber $ 13.30 $ 13.75 (3.3 )% The $305.6 million increase in our revenues was primarily a result of the 26.6% growth in the average number of paying subscribers arising from increased consumer awareness of the compelling value proposition of streaming and DVDs by mail for one low price and other benefits of our service. This increase was offset in part by a 3.3% decline in average monthly revenue per paying subscriber, resulting from the continued growth in our lower priced subscription plans. The total number of average paying subscribers in our 1 and 2-out plans grew by 48.1% as compared to a 1.1% decline in all other plans during the year ended December 31, 2009. Year ended December 31, Change 2008 2007 2008 vs. 2007 (in thousands, except percentages and average monthly revenue per paying subscriber) Revenues $ 1,364,661 $ 1,205,340 13.2 % Other data: Average number of paying subscribers 8,268 6,718 23.1 % Average monthly revenue per paying subscriber $ 13.75 $ 14.95 (8.0 )% The $159.3 million increase in our revenues was primarily a result of the 23.1% growth in the average number of paying subscribers arising from increased consumer awareness of the compelling value proposition of streaming and DVDs by mail for one low price and other benefits of our service. This increase was offset in part by an 8.0% decline in average monthly revenue per paying subscriber, resulting from the continued growth in our lower priced subscription plans, as well as a price reduction for our most popular subscription plans during the third quarter of 2007. The total number of average paying subscribers in our 1 and 2-out plans grew by 39.8% as compared to 6.1% in all other plans during the year ended December 31, 2008. Until the average price paid by our new subscriber additions is equal to the average price paid by existing subscribers, we expect our average monthly revenue per paying subscriber will continue to decline, as the lower priced plans grow as a percentage of our subscriber base. This decline could be partially offset by the growth in the number of subscribers electing to receive Blu-ray discs for a surcharge as described above. Our revenues and average monthly revenue per paying subscriber could be impacted by future changes to our pricing structure which may result from competitive effects that we are unable to predict. The following table presents our year-end subscriber information: As of December 31, 2009 2008 2007 (in thousands, except percentages) Free subscribers 376 226 153 As a percentage of total subscribers 3.1 % 2.4 % 2.0 % Paid subscribers 11,892 9,164 7,326 As a percentage of total subscribers 96.9 % 97.6 % 98.0 % Total subscribers 12,268 9,390 7,479 Percentage change over prior period 30.6 % 25.6 % 32 Table of Contents Cost of Revenues Cost of Subscription Cost of subscription revenues consists of content delivery costs related to shipping DVDs and providing streaming content to subscribers as well as expenses related to the acquisition of content. Costs related to free-trial periods are allocated to marketing expenses. Content delivery expenses consist of the postage costs to mail DVDs to and from our paying subscribers, the packaging and label costs for the mailers and all costs associated with streaming content over the Internet. We utilize third party content delivery networks to help us efficiently stream content in high volume to our subscribers over the Internet. Content acquisition expenses consist of costs incurred in obtaining content such as amortization of content and revenue sharing expense. We obtain content from studios, distributors and other suppliers through direct purchases, revenue sharing agreements and license agreements. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of subscription $ 909,461 $ 761,133 19.5 % As a percentage of revenues 54.4 % 55.8 % The $148.3 million increase in cost of subscription revenues was due to the following factors: • Content delivery expenses increased $101.7 million primarily due to an 18.6% increase in the number of DVDs mailed to paying subscribers. The increase in the number of DVDs mailed was driven by a 26.6% increase in the average number of paying subscribers, partially offset by a 6.3% decline in monthly DVD rentals per average paying subscriber primarily attributed to the growing popularity of our lower priced plans. • Content acquisition expenses increased by $46.6 million. This increase was primarily attributable to investments in streaming content. Year ended December 31, Change 2008 2007 2008 vs. 2007 (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of subscription $ 761,133 $ 664,407 14.6 % As a percentage of revenues 55.8 % 55.1 % The $96.7 million increase in cost of subscription revenues was due to the following factors: • Content delivery expenses increased $72.7 million primarily due to a 19.0% increase in the number of DVDs mailed to paying subscribers. The increase in the number of DVDs mailed was driven by a 23.1% increase in the average number of paying subscribers, partially offset by a 3.2% decline in monthly DVD rentals per average paying subscriber primarily attributed to the growing popularity of our lower priced plans. The increase is also due to an increase in the rates of first class postage in May 2008. • Content acquisition expenses increased by $24.0 million This increase was primarily attributable to the increased investments in streaming content, as well as an increase in DVD revenue sharing costs. 33 Table of Contents Fulfillment Expenses Fulfillment expenses represent those expenses incurred in operating and staffing our shipping and customer service centers, including costs attributable to receiving, inspecting and warehousing our content library. Fulfillment expenses also include credit card fees. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Fulfillment expenses $ 169,810 $ 149,101 13.9 % As a percentage of revenues 10.2 % 10.9 % The $20.7 million increase in fulfillment expenses was due to the following: • Shipping and customer service centers expenses increased $10.5 million primarily due to a 14.0% increase in headcount to support the higher volume of content delivery and growth in subscribers. • Credit card fees increased $10.2 million as a result of the 22.4% growth in revenues. Year ended December 31, Change 2008 2007 2008 vs. 2007 (in thousands, except percentages) Fulfillment expenses $ 149,101 $ 121,761 22.5 % As a percentage of revenues 10.9 % 10.1 % The $27.3 million increase in fulfillment expenses was due to the following: • Shipping and customer service centers expenses increased $22.0 million primarily due to a 29.8% increase in headcount to support the higher volume of content delivery and the addition of new shipping centers. • Credit card fees increased $5.3 million as a result of the 13.2% growth in revenues. Gross Margin Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Gross profit $ 590,998 $ 454,427 30.1 % Gross margin 35.4 % 33.3 % Average monthly gross profit per paying subscriber $ 4.71 $ 4.58 2.8 % The 2.1% increase in gross margin was primarily due to lower DVD content acquisition expenses per DVD mailed and a 6.3% decline in monthly DVD rentals per average paying subscriber driven by the growing popularity of our lower priced plans. This decline was higher than the decline in average revenue per paying subscriber of 3.3%. This was offset partially by increased investments in our streaming content. Year ended December 31, Change 2008 2007 2008 vs. 2007 (in thousands, except percentages) Gross profit $ 454,427 $ 419,172 8.4 % Gross margin 33.3 % 34.8 % Average monthly gross profit per paying subscriber $ 4.58 $ 5.20 (11.9 )% The 1.5% decrease in gross margin was primarily due to an increase in postage rates effective May 2008 and a reduction in the prices of our most popular subscription plans during the second half of 2007. 34 Table of Contents We expect to continue to make substantial investments in our content library and in particular may increase spending associated with streaming content. These investments would reduce our gross margin to the extent that increases outpace growth in our revenues. Operating Expenses Technology and Development Technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related costs incurred in testing, maintaining and modifying our Web site, our recommendation and merchandising technology, developing solutions for streaming content to subscribers, telecommunications systems and infrastructure and other internal-use software systems. Technology and development expenses also include depreciation of the computer hardware and capitalized software we use to run our Web site and store our data. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Technology and development $ 114,542 $ 89,873 27.4 % As a percentage of revenues 6.9 % 6.6 % The $24.7 million increase in technology and development expenses was primarily the result of a $17.4 million increase in personnel-related costs due to 26.6% growth in headcount to develop solutions for streaming content and continued improvements to our service. The increase is also partly due to a $6.7 million increase in facilities and equipment expenses to support the increased headcount and overall growth of operations. Year ended December 31, Change 2008 2007 2008 vs. 2007 (in thousands, except percentages) Technology and development $ 89,873 $ 70,979 26.6 % As a percentage of revenues 6.6 % 5.9 % The $18.9 million increase in technology and development expenses was primarily the result of a $10.4 million increase in personnel-related costs due to 28.0% growth in headcount and an $8.5 million increase in other expenses to develop solutions for streaming content and continued improvements to our service. Marketing Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and payments made to our affiliates including consumer electronics partners. Advertising expenses include marketing program expenditures and other promotional activities, including allocated costs of revenues relating to free trial periods. Also included in marketing expense are payroll related expenses. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Marketing $ 237,744 $ 199,713 19.0 % As a percentage of revenues 14.2 % 14.6 % Other Data: Gross subscriber additions 9,332 6,859 36.1 % Subscriber acquisition cost $ 25.48 $ 29.12 (12.5 )% The $38.0 million increase in marketing expenses was primarily attributable to an increase of $21.4 million in spending related to affiliates including our consumer electronics partners. The increase is also due to an 35 Table of Contents $11.5 million increase in marketing program spending, principally in TV and radio advertising and direct mail to promote our hybrid service of streaming content and DVDs by mail. Subscriber acquisition cost decreased primarily due to momentum associated with the launch of new consumer electronics partner devices and the broad appeal of streaming content. Year ended December 31, Change 2008 2007 2008 vs. 2007 Marketing $ 199,713 $ 218,212 (8.5 )% As a percentage of revenues 14.6 % 18.1 % Other Data: Gross subscriber additions 6,859 5,340 28.4 % Subscriber acquisition cost $ 29.12 $ 40.86 (28.7 )% The $18.5 million decrease in marketing expenses was primarily attributable to a $34.2 million decrease in marketing program spending, principally in direct mail and inserts, offset partially by an increase of $11.5 million in spending related to affiliates including our consumer electronics partners. In the second half of 2007, we lowered prices on our most popular subscription plans and decided to partially offset the cost of our investment in lower prices by reducing our spending on marketing programs. The decrease was partially offset by higher personnel-related costs due to higher headcount and an increase in the costs of free trial periods due to the 28.4% increase in gross subscriber additions. Subscriber acquisition cost decreased in 2008 as compared to 2007 primarily due to more efficient marketing spending. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses consist of payroll and related expenses for executive, finance, content acquisition and administrative personnel, as well as recruiting, professional fees and other general corporate expenses. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative $ 51,333 $ 49,662 3.4 % As a percentage of revenues 3.1 % 3.6 % The $1.7 million increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to a $7.4 million increase in legal costs offset partially by a $2.7 million decrease in costs related to our subsidiary, Red Envelope Entertainment, a $2.1 million release of accruals in 2009 associated with a former class action suit that was settled in 2008, and decreases in personnel-related costs. Year ended December 31, Change 2008 2007 2008 vs. 2007 (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative $ 49,662 $ 52,404 (5.2 )% As a percentage of revenues 3.6 % 4.3 % The $2.7 million decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to a $2.6 million decrease in costs related to our subsidiary, Red Envelope Entertainment, as well as a $3.2 million decrease in legal costs. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in personnel-related costs due to a 9.6% increase in headcount. 36 Table of Contents Gain on Disposal of DVDs Gain on disposal of DVDs represents the difference between proceeds from sales of DVDs and associated cost of DVD sales. Cost of DVD sales includes the net book value of the DVDs sold, shipping charges and, where applicable, a contractually specified fee for the DVDs that are subject to revenue sharing agreements. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Gain on disposal of DVDs $ (4,560 ) $ (6,327 ) (27.9 )% As a percentage of revenues (0.3 )% (0.4 )% The $1.8 million decrease in gain on disposal of DVDs was primarily attributable to the discontinuation of retail sales of previously viewed DVDs to subscribers in the first quarter of 2009. We continue to sell previously viewed DVDs through wholesale channels and expect our future gains to continue to be insignificant in relation to our overall operations. Year ended December 31, Change 2008 2007 2008 vs. 2007 (in thousands, except percentages) Gain on disposal of DVDs $ (6,327 ) $ (7,196 ) (12.1 )% As a percentage of revenues (0.4 )% (0.5 )% The $0.9 million decrease in gain on disposal of DVDs in absolute dollars was primarily attributable to a decrease in the sales price of DVDs. Gain on Legal Settlement On June 25, 2007, we resolved a pending patent litigation with Blockbuster, Inc. As part of the settlement, we received a one-time payment of $7.0 million during the second quarter of 2007. Interest Expense Interest expense consists of the interest on our lease financing obligations and the interest on our 8.50% senior notes including the amortization of debt issuance costs. Also, in the fourth quarter of 2009, we expensed the debt issuance costs related to our line of credit. In June 2004 and June 2006, we entered into two separate lease arrangements whereby we leased a building that was constructed by a third party. As discussed in Note 5 of the consolidated financial statements, we have accounted for these leases in accordance with ASC topic 840.40 Leases—Sale-Leaseback Transactions as it applies to situations in which an entity is involved with the construction funding of an asset that will be leased when the construction project is completed. This guidance requires StreamVault Media to be considered the owner (for accounting purposes) of the two buildings. 37 Table of Contents Accordingly, we have recorded assets on our balance sheet for the costs paid by our lessor to construct our headquarters facilities, along with corresponding financing liabilities for amounts equal to these lessor-paid construction costs. The monthly rent payments we make to our lessor under our lease agreements are recorded in our financial statements as land lease expense and principal and interest on the financing liabilities. Interest expense on lease financing obligations reflects the portion of our monthly lease payments that is allocated to interest expense. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest Expense $ 6,475 $ 2,458 163.4 % As a percentage of revenues 0.4 % 0.2 % The $4.0 million increase in interest expense is entirely attributable to the interest expense associated with our 8.50% senior notes and line of credit. Interest expense in 2009 includes $2.8 million for our lease financing obligations, $2.6 million of interest payments due on our notes and $1.1 million of amortization of debt issuance costs. Year ended December 31, Change 2008 2007 2008 vs. 2007 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest Expense $ 2,458 $ 1,188 106.9 % As a percentage of revenues 0.2 % 0.1 % The $1.3 million increase in interest expense is due to an increase in the interest on our lease financing obligations arising when the lease term for the second of our headquarter buildings commenced. Interest and Other Income (Expense) Interest and other income (expense) consist primarily of interest and dividend income generated from invested cash and short-term investments. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest and other income (expense) $ 6,728 $ 12,452 (46.0 )% As a percentage of revenues 0.4 % 0.9 % The $5.7 million decrease in interest and other income was primarily attributable to lower cash and investment balances resulting from the repurchase of our common stock, and a $1.6 million decrease in realized gains recognized as compared to the prior year. The decrease was offset by a $1.8 million dollar gain realized in 2009 on the sale of our investment in a private company which we accounted for under the cost method. Year ended December 31, Change 2008 2007 2008 vs. 2007 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest and other income (expense) $ 12,452 $ 20,340 (38.8 )% As a percentage of revenues 0.9 % 1.7 % The $7.9 million decrease in interest and other income was primarily a result of the lower cash and investment balances resulting from the repurchase of our common stock. The decrease was offset by a $2.4 million increase in realized gains. 38 Table of Contents Interest and dividend income was approximately $3.7 million, $9.2 million and $19.7 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Interest and other income included gains of approximately $1.5 million, $3.1 million and $0.7 million on the sale of short-term investments in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Provision for Income Taxes Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for income taxes $ 76,332 $ 48,474 57.5 % Effective tax rate 39.7 % 36.9 % In 2009, our effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate of 35% principally due to state income taxes of $10 million or 5% of income before income tax. This was partially offset by Federal and California research and development (“R&D”) tax credits of $2 million. The increase in our effective tax rate was primarily attributable to a cumulative benefit recorded as a discrete item in the second quarter of 2008 for prior period R&D tax credits. Year ended December 31, Change 2008 2007 2008 vs. 2007 (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for income taxes $ 48,474 $ 44,317 9.4 % Effective tax rate 36.9 % 40.0 % In 2008, our effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate of 35% principally due to state income taxes of $5 million or 4% of income before income tax. This was partially offset by R&D tax credits of $3 million. The decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily attributable to a cumulative benefit recorded as a discrete item in the second quarter of 2008 for prior period R&D tax credits. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have generated net cash from operations during each quarter since the second quarter of 2001. Many factors will impact our ability to continue to generate and grow cash from our operations including, but not limited to, the price of our service, the number of subscribers who sign up for our service and the growth or reduction in our subscriber base. In September 2009, we entered into a credit agreement which provided for a $100 million three-year revolving credit facility. In October 2009, the Company borrowed $20 million under the credit agreement. In November 2009, we issued $200 million of our 8.50% senior notes due in 2017. In connection with the notes offering, we repaid all outstanding amounts under our credit agreement and terminated it. Although we currently anticipate that cash flows from operations, together with our available funds, will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the foreseeable future, we may require or choose to obtain additional financing. Our ability to obtain additional financing will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. Our primary source of liquidity has been cash from operations. Additionally, debt financing has also been a source of liquidity in fiscal 2009. Our primary uses of cash include our stock repurchase programs, shipping and packaging expenses, the acquisition of content, capital expenditures related to information technology and automation equipment for operations, marketing and fulfillment expenses. In addition, on August 6, 2009, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program through the end of 2010 allowing us to repurchase $300 million of our common stock of which we have purchased $149.1 million as of December 31, 2009. Subsequent to December 31, 2009, we purchased an 39 Table of Contents additional $62.4 million of our common stock under the program. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. The following table highlights selected measures of our liquidity and capital resources as of December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007: Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents $ 134,224 $ 139,881 $ 177,439 Short-term investments 186,018 157,390 207,703 $ 320,242 $ 297,271 $ 385,142 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 325,063 $ 284,037 $ 277,424 Net cash used in investing activities $ (246,079 ) $ (144,960 ) $ (436,024 ) Net cash used in financing activities $ (84,641 ) $ (176,635 ) $ (64,391 ) Operating Activities During 2009, our operating activities consisted primarily of net income of $115.9 million, increased by non-cash adjustments of $254.9 million and offset by a decrease in net changes in operating assets and liabilities of $45.7 million. The majority of the non-cash adjustments came from the amortization of the content library of $219.5 million which increased by $9.7 million over the prior period as we continue to purchase additional titles in order to support our larger subscriber base. The decrease in cash flow attributable to the net changes in operating assets and liabilities was mainly driven by acquisitions of content library related to our streaming content, as we continued to increase our investments in streaming content in 2009. Cash provided by operating activities increased $41.0 million in 2009 as compared to 2008. This was primarily due to an increase in net income of $32.8 million, increased non-cash adjustments of $27.3 million and a decrease in net changes in operating assets and liabilities of $19.1 million. During 2008, our operating activities consisted primarily of net income of $83.0 million, increased by non-cash adjustments of $227.6 million offset by a decrease in net changes in operating assets and liabilities of $26.6 million. The majority of the non-cash adjustments came from the amortization of the content library of $209.8 million which increased by $6.3 million over the prior period as we continue to purchase additional titles in order to support our larger subscriber base. The decrease in net changes in operating assets and liabilities was mainly driven by acquisitions of content library related to our streaming content, as we continued to increase our investments in streaming content in 2008. Cash provided by operating activities increased $6.6 million in 2008 as compared to 2007. This was primarily due to an increase in net income of $16.4 million, increased non-cash adjustments of $32.3 million and a decrease in net changes in operating assets and liabilities of $42.1 million. Investing Activities Our investing activities consisted primarily of purchases, sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities, acquisitions of DVD content library and purchases of property and equipment. Cash used in investing activities increased $101.1 million in 2009 as compared to 2008. This increase was primarily driven by a decrease in the proceeds from the sales and maturities of short-term investments of $105.0 million offset partially by a decrease in the purchases of short term investments of $29.0 million. In addition, acquisitions of DVDs increased by $30.2 million. Cash used in investing activities decreased $291.1 million in 2008 as compared to 2007. This decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in the purchases of short-term investments of $148.4 million coupled with an increase in the proceeds from the sales and maturities of short-term investments of $106.5 million. In addition, acquisitions of DVDs decreased by $45.8 million as more DVDs were obtained through revenue sharing agreements in 2008. 40 Table of Contents Financing Activities Our financing activities consist primarily of issuance of debt, repurchases of our common stock, issuance of common stock, and the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation. Cash used by financing activities decreased by $92.0 million in 2009 as compared to 2008 primarily due to the $193.9 million net proceeds received from the issuance of our 8.50% senior notes and a $16.4 million increase in proceeds received from the issuance of common stock through option exercises and through our employee stock purchase plan. In addition, the excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation increased by $7.5 million in 2009. These cash inflows were offset by an increase in repurchases of our common stock of $124.4 million. Cash used by financing activities increased by $112.2 million in 2008 as compared to 2007 primarily due to an increase in stock repurchases of $100.0 million. In addition, the excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation decreased by $21.0 million in 2008, as remaining benefits from net operating losses were utilized. This use of cash was offset by an increase in proceeds from the issuance of our common stock of $9.3 million. Contractual Obligations For the purposes of this table, contractual obligations for purchases of goods or services are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. The expected timing of payment of the obligations discussed above is estimated based on information available to us as of December 31, 2009. Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the time of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations. The following table summarizes our contractual obligations at December 31, 2009 (in thousands): Payments due by Period Contractual obligations (in thousands): Total Less than 1 year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 years 8.50% senior notes $ 336,472 $ 17,472 $ 34,000 $ 34,000 $ 251,000 Operating lease obligations 40,347 13,313 17,354 7,812 1,868 Lease financing obligations 12,399 3,901 8,102 396 — Other purchase obligations (1) 388,056 235,435 145,252 7,369 — Total $ 777,274 $ 270,121 $ 204,708 $ 49,577 $ 252,868 (1) Other purchase obligations relate primarily to acquisitions for our content library and to marketing activities. As of December 31, 2009, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $13.2 million and an additional $0.9 million for gross interest and penalties classified as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. At this time, the Company is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligation table. License Agreements In addition to the above contractual obligations, we have certain license agreements with studios that include a maximum number of titles that we may or may not receive in the future. Access to these titles is based on the discretion of the studios and, as such, we may not receive these titles. If we did receive access to the maximum number of titles, we would incur up to an additional $6 million in commitments during 2010. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not engaged in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities. Accordingly, our operating results, financial condition and cash flows are not presently subject to off-balance sheet risks. 41 Table of Contents Indemnifications In the ordinary course of business, we enter into contractual arrangements under which we agree to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of our breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In these circumstances, payment may be conditional on the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract. Further, our obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time and/or amount, and in some instances, we may have recourse against third parties for certain payments. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain of our officers that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal, while at the same time maximizing income we receive from investments without significantly increased risk. To achieve this objective, we follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor and help mitigate our exposure to interest rate and credit risk. The policy sets forth credit quality standards and limits our exposure to any one issuer, as well as our maximum exposure to various asset classes. We maintain a portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term investments in a variety of securities. These securities are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders equity in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2009, we had no material impairment charges associated with our short-term investment portfolio. Although we believe our current investment portfolio has very little risk of material impairment, we cannot predict future market conditions or market liquidity and can provide no assurance that our investment portfolio will remain materially unimpaired. Some of the securities we invest in may be subject to market risk due to changes in prevailing interest rates which may cause the principal amount of the investment to fluctuate. For example, if we hold a security that was issued with a fixed interest rate at the then-prevailing rate and the prevailing interest rate later rises, the value of our investment will decline. At December 31, 2009, our cash equivalents were generally invested in money market funds, which are not subject to market risk because the interest paid on such funds fluctuates with the prevailing interest rate. Our short-term investments were comprised of corporate debt securities, government and agency securities and asset and mortgage-backed securities. Approximately 52% of the portfolio is invested in government and agency issued securities. At December 31, 2009, we had securities classified as short-term investments of $186.0 million. Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the market value of these investments. The table below separates these investments, based on stated maturities, to show the approximate exposure to interest rates. (in thousands) Due within one year $ 44,455 Due within five years 137,763 Due within ten years — Due after ten years 3,800 Total $ 186,018 A sensitivity analysis was performed on our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2009. The analysis is based on an estimate of the hypothetical changes in market value of the portfolio that would result from an immediate parallel shift in the yield curve of various magnitudes. This methodology assumes a more immediate change in interest rates to reflect the current economic environment. 42 Table of Contents The following tables present the hypothetical fair values (in $ thousands) of our debt securities classified as short-term investments assuming immediate parallel shifts in the yield curve of 50 basis points (“BPS”), 100 BPS and 150 BPS. The analysis is shown as of December 31, 2009: Fair Value December 31, 2009 -150 BPS -100 BPS -50 BPS +50 BPS +100 BPS +150 BPS $ 190,243 $ 188,835 $ 187,426 $ 184,610 $ 183,201 $ 181,793 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data See “Financial Statements” beginning on page F-1 which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within StreamVault Media have been detected. (b) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the Exchange Act)). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework . Based on our assessment under the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2009. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that is included herein. 43 Table of Contents (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2009 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. 44 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information regarding our directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference from the information contained under the sections “Proposal One: Election of Directors,” “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance” and “Code of Ethics” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the section “Compensation of Executive Officers and Other Matters” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the sections “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the section “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Director Independence” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Information with respect to principal independent registered public accounting firm fees and services is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption “Proposal Two: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 45 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements: The financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” (2) Financial Statement Schedules: The financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” (3) Exhibits: Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-78901 3.1 August 2, 2004 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 8-K 000-78901 3.1 March 20, 2009 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-78901 3.3 August 2, 2004 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-83878 4.1 April 16, 2002 4.2 Indenture, dated November 6, 2009, among StreamVault Media, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, relating to the 8.50% Senior Notes due 2017. 8-K 000-78901 4.1 November 9, 2009 10.1† Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by the registrant with each of its executive officers and directors S-1/A 333-83878 10.1 March 20, 2002 10.2† 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 10-Q 000-78901 10.16 August 9, 2006 10.3† Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Plan S-1/A 333-83878 10.3 May 16, 2002 10.4† Amended and Restated 2002 Stock Plan Def 14A 000-78901 A March 31, 2006 10.5 Amended and Restated Stockholders’ Rights Agreement S-1 333-83878 10.5 March 6, 2002 10.6 Lease between Sobrato Land Holdings and StreamVault Media 10-Q 000-78901 10.15 August 2, 2004 10.7 Lease between Sobrato Interests II and StreamVault Media 10-Q 000-78901 10.16 August 2, 2004 46 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.9† Description of Director Equity Compensation Plan 8-K 000-78901 10.1 July 5, 2005 10.10† Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan 10-Q 000-78901 10.10 May 5, 2009 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm X 24 Power of Attorney (see signature page) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.1* Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101 The following financial information from StreamVault Media’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 filed with the SEC on February 19, 2010, formatted in XBRL includes: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. X * These certifications are not deemed filed by the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. † Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan 47 Table of Contents StreamVault Media INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Stockholders StreamVault Media: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of StreamVault Media and subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2009. We also have audited StreamVault Media, Inc’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). StreamVault Media’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under item 9A(b). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of StreamVault Media and subsidiary as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2009, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, StreamVault Media maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. /s/ KPMG LLP Mountain View, California February 19, 2010 F-2 Table of Contents StreamVault Media CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share and per share data) As of December 31, 2009 2008 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 134,224 $ 139,881 Short-term investments 186,018 157,390 Prepaid expenses 12,491 8,122 Prepaid revenue sharing expenses 17,133 18,417 Current content library, net 37,329 18,691 Other current assets 23,818 16,424 Total current assets 411,013 358,925 Content library, net 108,810 98,547 Property and equipment, net 131,653 124,948 Deferred tax assets 15,958 22,409 Other non-current assets 12,300 10,595 Total assets $ 679,734 $ 615,424 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 91,475 $ 100,344 Accrued expenses 33,387 31,394 Current portion of lease financing obligations 1,410 1,152 Deferred revenue 100,097 83,127 Total current liabilities 226,369 216,017 Long-term debt 200,000 — Lease financing obligations, excluding current portion 36,572 37,988 Other non-current liabilities 17,650 14,264 Total liabilities 480,591 268,269 Commitments and contingencies Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2009 and 2008; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008 — — Common stock, $0.001 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2009 and 2008; 53,440,073 and 58,862,478 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively 53 62 Additional paid-in capital — 338,577 Treasury stock at cost (3,491,084 shares at December 31, 2008) — (100,020 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 273 84 Retained earnings 198,817 108,452 Total stockholders’ equity 199,143 347,155 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 679,734 $ 615,424 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents StreamVault Media CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share data) Year ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 Revenues $ 1,670,269 $ 1,364,661 $ 1,205,340 Cost of revenues: Subscription 909,461 761,133 664,407 Fulfillment expenses* 169,810 149,101 121,761 Total cost of revenues 1,079,271 910,234 786,168 Gross Profit 590,998 454,427 419,172 Operating expenses: Technology and development* 114,542 89,873 70,979 Marketing* 237,744 199,713 218,212 General and administrative* 51,333 49,662 52,404 Gain on disposal of DVDs (4,560 ) (6,327 ) (7,196 ) Gain on legal settlement — — (7,000 ) Total operating expenses 399,059 332,921 327,399 Operating income 191,939 121,506 91,773 Other income (expense): Interest expense (6,475 ) (2,458 ) (1,188 ) Interest and other income (expense) 6,728 12,452 20,340 Income before income taxes 192,192 131,500 110,925 Provision for income taxes 76,332 48,474 44,317 Net income $ 115,860 $ 83,026 $ 66,608 Net income per share: Basic $ 2.05 $ 1.36 $ 0.99 Diluted $ 1.98 $ 1.32 $ 0.97 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic 56,560 60,961 67,076 Diluted 58,416 62,836 68,902 * Stock-based compensation included in expense line items: Fulfillment expenses $ 380 $ 466 $ 427 Technology and development 4,453 3,890 3,695 Marketing 1,786 1,886 2,160 General and administrative 5,999 6,022 5,694 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents StreamVault Media CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in thousands, except share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Stockholders’ Equity Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2006 68,612,463 $ 69 $ 454,731 $ — $ — $ (41,182 ) $ 413,618 Net Income — — — — — 66,608 66,608 Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes — — — — 1,611 — 1,611 Comprehensive income, net of taxes — — — — — — 68,219 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 828,824 — 5,822 — — — 5,822 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 205,416 — 3,787 — — — 3,787 Repurchases of common stock (4,733,788 ) (4 ) (99,854 ) — (99,858 ) Stock-based compensation expense — — 11,976 — — — 11,976 Excess stock option income tax benefits — — 26,248 — — — 26,248 Balances as of December 31, 2007 64,912,915 $ 65 $ 402,710 $ — $ 1,611 $ 25,426 $ 429,812 Net Income — — — — — 83,026 83,026 Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes — — — — (1,527 ) — (1,527 ) Comprehensive income, net of taxes — — — — — — 81,499 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 1,056,641 — 14,019 — — — 14,019 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 231,068 — 4,853 — — — 4,853 Repurchases of common stock (3,847,062 ) (3 ) (99,881 ) — — — (99,884 ) Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury (3,491,084 ) — — (100,020 ) — — (100,020 ) Stock-based compensation expense — — 12,264 — — — 12,264 Excess stock option income tax benefits — — 4,612 — — — 4,612 Balances as of December 31, 2008 58,862,478 $ 62 $ 338,577 $ (100,020 ) $ 84 $ 108,452 $ 347,155 Net Income — — — — — 115,860 115,860 Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes — — — — 189 — 189 Comprehensive income, net of taxes — — — — — — 116,049 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 1,724,110 1 29,508 — — — 29,509 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 224,799 — 5,765 — — — 5,765 Repurchases of common stock and retirement of outstanding treasury stock (7,371,314 ) (10 ) (398,850 ) 100,020 — (25,495 ) (324,335 ) Stock-based compensation expense — — 12,618 — — — 12,618 Excess stock option income tax benefits — — 12,382 — — — 12,382 Balances as of December 31, 2009 53,440,073 $ 53 $ — $ — $ 273 $ 198,817 $ 199,143 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents StreamVault Media CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 115,860 $ 83,026 $ 66,608 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation of property, equipment and intangibles 38,044 32,454 22,219 Amortization of content library 219,490 209,757 203,415 Amortization of discounts and premiums on investments 607 625 24 Amortization of debt issuance costs 1,124 — — Stock-based compensation expense 12,618 12,264 11,976 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation (12,683 ) (5,220 ) (26,248 ) Loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment 254 101 142 Gain on sale of short-term investments (1,509 ) (3,130 ) (687 ) Gain on disposal of DVDs (7,637 ) (13,350 ) (14,637 ) Gain on sale of investment in business (1,783 ) — — Deferred taxes 6,328 (5,905 ) (893 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets (11,001 ) (4,181 ) (3,893 ) Content library (64,217 ) (48,290 ) (34,821 ) Accounts payable (2,256 ) 7,111 16,555 Accrued expenses 13,169 (1,824 ) 32,809 Deferred revenue 16,970 11,462 1,987 Other assets and liabilities 1,685 9,137 2,868 Net cash provided by operating activities 325,063 284,037 277,424 Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of short-term investments (228,000 ) (256,959 ) (405,340 ) Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 166,706 304,163 200,832 Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments 35,673 3,170 — Purchases of property and equipment (45,932 ) (43,790 ) (44,256 ) Acquisition of intangible asset (200 ) (1,062 ) (550 ) Acquisitions of content library (193,044 ) (162,849 ) (208,647 ) Proceeds from sale of DVDs 11,164 18,368 21,640 Investment in business — (6,000 ) — Proceeds from sale of investment in business 7,483 — — Other assets 71 (1 ) 297 Net cash used in investing activities (246,079 ) (144,960 ) (436,024 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments of lease financing obligations (1,158 ) (823 ) (390 ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock 35,274 18,872 9,609 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 12,683 5,220 26,248 Borrowings on line of credit, net of issuance costs 18,978 — — Payments on line of credit (20,000 ) — — Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issuance costs 193,917 — — Repurchases of common stock (324,335 ) (199,904 ) (99,858 ) Net cash used by financing activities (84,641 ) (176,635 ) (64,391 ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (5,657 ) (37,558 ) (222,991 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 139,881 177,439 400,430 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 134,224 $ 139,881 $ 177,439 Supplemental disclosure: Income taxes paid $ 58,770 $ 40,494 $ 15,775 Interest paid 3,878 2,458 1,188 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business StreamVault Media (the “Company”) was incorporated on August 29, 1997 and began operations on April 14, 1998. The Company is a subscription service streaming movies and TV episodes over the Internet and sending DVDs by mail to more than 12 million subscribers. The Company’s subscribers can instantly watch unlimited movies and TV episodes streamed to their TVs and computers and can receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes. The Company offers a variety of subscription plans, with no due dates, no late fees, no shipping fees and no pay-per-view fees. Aided by proprietary recommendation and merchandising technology, subscribers can select from a growing library of titles that can be watched instantly and a vast array of titles on DVD. Subscribers can: • Watch streaming content without commercial interruption on their computers and TVs. The viewing experience is enabled by StreamVault Media controlled software that can run on a variety of consumer electronics devices (“StreamVault Media Ready Devices”). These StreamVault Media Ready Devices currently include Blu-ray disc players, Internet-connected TVs, digital video players and game consoles. • Receive DVDs by U.S. mail and return them to the Company at their convenience using the Company’s prepaid mailers. After a DVD has been returned, the Company mails the next available DVD in a subscriber’s queue. The Company is organized in a single operating segment. All revenues are currently generated in the United States, and there are no long-lived assets outside the United States. Substantially all revenues are derived from monthly subscription fees. Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Reclassification Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current presentation. These reclassifications did not significantly impact any prior amounts of reported total assets or total liabilities, and did not impact stockholders’ equity, results of operations or cash flows. Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated subsequent events through February 19, 2010, the date which these financial statements were available to be issued. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the estimate of useful lives and residual value of its content library; the valuation of stock-based compensation; and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. F-7 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders’ equity in the consolidated balance sheet. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in interest and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments. Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company’s intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis. Content Library The Company obtains content through direct purchases, revenue sharing agreements and license agreements with studios, distributors and other suppliers. DVD content is obtained through direct purchases or revenue sharing agreements. Streaming content is generally licensed for a fixed fee for the term of the license agreement but may also be obtained through a revenue sharing agreement. The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of rental to its subscribers and earns subscription rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library as a non-current asset on its consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, cash outflows for the acquisition of the DVD library, net of changes in related accounts payable, are classified as cash flows from investing activities in the Company’s consolidated statements of cash flows. This is inclusive of any upfront non-refundable payments required under revenue sharing agreements. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs, less estimated salvage value, on a “sum-of-the-months” accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. The useful life of the new release DVDs and back catalog DVDs is estimated to be one year and three years, respectively. In estimating the useful life of its DVDs, the Company takes into account library utilization as well as an estimate for lost or damaged DVDs. The Company provides a salvage value for those direct purchase DVDs that the Company estimates it will sell at the end of their useful lives. For those DVDs that the Company does not expect to sell, no salvage value is provided. Additionally, the terms of certain DVD purchase agreements with studios and distributors provide for volume purchase discounts or rebates based on achieving specified performance levels. Volume purchase discounts are recorded as a reduction of DVD library when earned. The Company accrues for rebates as earned based on historical title performance and estimates of demand for the titles over the remainder of the title term. Actual rebates may vary which could result in an increase or reduction in the estimated amounts previously accrued. The Company obtains content distribution rights in order to stream movies and TV episodes without commercial interruption to subscribers’ computers and TVs via StreamVault Media Ready Devices. The Company accounts for streaming content in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (“FASB”) Accounting F-8 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Standards Codification (“ASC”) topic 920 Entertainment—Broadcasters . Cash outflows associated with streaming content are classified as cash flows from operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flow. The Company classifies streaming content obtained through a license agreement as either a current or non-current asset in the consolidated balance sheets based on the estimated time of usage after certain criteria have been met, including availability of the streaming content for its first showing. Streaming content is amortized on a straight-line basis generally over the terms of the license agreements or the title’s window of availability. The Company also obtains DVD and streaming content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and distributors. The Company generally obtains titles for low initial cost in exchange for a commitment to share a percentage of its subscription revenues or to pay a fee, based on utilization, for a defined period of time, or the Title Term, which typically ranges from six to twelve months for each title. The initial cost may be in the form of an upfront non-refundable payment. This payment is capitalized in the content library in accordance with the Company’s DVD and streaming content policies as applicable. The initial cost may also be in the form of a prepayment of future revenue sharing obligations which is classified as prepaid revenue sharing expense. The terms of some revenue sharing agreements with studios obligate the Company to make minimum revenue sharing payments for certain titles. The Company amortizes minimum revenue sharing prepayments (or accretes an amount payable to studios if the payment is due in arrears) as revenue sharing obligations are incurred. A provision for estimated shortfall, if any, on minimum revenue sharing payments is made in the period in which the shortfall becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Under the revenue sharing agreements for its DVD library, at the end of the Title Term, the Company generally has the option of returning the DVD title to the studio, destroying the title or purchasing the title. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years, or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the “sale-leaseback” criteria as required by ASC topic 840.40 Leases—Sale-Leaseback Transactions . Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets such as content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. The Company evaluated its long-lived assets, and impairment charges were not material for any of the years presented. Capitalized Software Costs Costs incurred during the application development stage for software programs to be used solely to meet the Company’s internal needs are capitalized. Costs incurred in connection with the development of software used by the Company’s subscribers, such as that included in consumer electronics partner devices, are capitalized during F-9 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) the period between technological feasibility and general availability of the software. Capitalized software costs are included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, generally up to three years. The net book value of capitalized software costs is not significant as of December 31, 2009 and 2008. Revenue Recognition Subscription revenues are recognized ratably over each subscriber’s monthly subscription period. Refunds to subscribers are recorded as a reduction of revenues. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of subscriptions revenues billed to subscribers that have not been recognized and gift subscriptions that have not been redeemed. Marketing Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and payments made to affiliates including the Company’s consumer electronics partners. Advertising expenses include marketing program expenditures and other promotional activities, including allocated costs of revenues relating to free trial periods. Also included in marketing expenses are payroll related expenses. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for advertising production costs, which are expensed the first time the advertising is run. Advertising expense totaled approximately $205.9 million, $181.4 million and $207.9 million in 2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively. The Company and its vendors participate in a variety of cooperative advertising programs and other promotional programs in which the vendors provide the Company with cash consideration in exchange for marketing and advertising of the vendor’s products. If the consideration received represents reimbursement of specific incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote the vendor’s product, it is recorded as an offset to the associated marketing expense incurred. Any reimbursement greater than the specific incremental and identifiable costs incurred is recognized as a reduction of cost of revenues when recognized in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no valuation allowance as of December 31, 2009 or 2008. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes. F-10 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Stock Repurchases To facilitate a stock repurchase program, shares are repurchased by the Company in the open market and are accounted for when the transaction is settled. Shares held for future issuance are classified as treasury stock. Shares formally or constructively retired are deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value. If additional paid in capital has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares. Comprehensive Income Other comprehensive income consists of unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, net of tax. Total comprehensive income and the components of accumulated other comprehensive income are presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders’ equity. Net Income Per Share Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist primarily of incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options, warrants to purchase common stock and shares currently purchasable pursuant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plan using the treasury stock method. The computation of net income per share is as follows: Year ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 (in thousands, except per share data) Basic earnings per share: Net income $ 115,860 $ 83,026 $ 66,608 Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 56,560 60,961 67,076 Basic earnings per share $ 2.05 $ 1.36 $ 0.99 Diluted earnings per share: Net income $ 115,860 $ 83,026 $ 66,608 Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 56,560 60,961 67,076 Employee stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares 1,856 1,875 1,826 Weighted-average number of shares 58,416 62,836 68,902 Diluted earnings per share $ 1.98 $ 1.32 $ 0.97 F-11 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation: Year ended December 31 2009 2008 2007 (in thousands) Employee stock options 64 726 1,973 The weighted average exercise price of excluded outstanding stock options was $45.78, $32.42 and $27.83 for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Stock-Based Compensation The Company grants stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. The Company has elected to grant all options as fully vested non-qualified stock options. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. 2. Short-term Investments The Company’s investment policy is consistent with the definition of available-for-sale securities. The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future. The Company’s policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return. From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price. Short-term investments are therefore classified as available-for-sale securities and are reported at fair value as follows: December 31, 2009 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Corporate debt securities $ 82,362 $ 915 $ (106 ) $ 83,171 Government and agency securities 96,998 72 (416 ) 96,654 Asset and mortgage backed securities 6,262 143 (212 ) 6,193 $ 185,622 $ 1,130 $ (734 ) $ 186,018 December 31, 2008 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Corporate debt securities $ 45,482 $ 440 $ (727 ) $ 45,195 Government and agency securities 92,378 1,812 (244 ) 93,946 Asset and mortgage backed securities 19,446 15 (1,212 ) 18,249 $ 157,306 $ 2,267 $ (2,183 ) $ 157,390 F-12 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) The following tables show the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company’s investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position: As of December 31, 2009 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses (in thousands) Corporate debt securities $ 25,982 $ (106 ) $ — $ — $ 25,982 $ (106 ) Government and agency securities 85,391 (414 ) 3,279 (2 ) 88,670 (416 ) Asset and mortgage backed securities 280 (1 ) 768 (211 ) 1,048 (212 ) $ 111,653 $ (521 ) $ 4,047 $ (213 ) $ 115,700 $ (734 ) As of December 31, 2008 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses (in thousands) Corporate debt securities $ 22,806 $ (692 ) $ 1,316 $ (35 ) $ 24,122 $ (727 ) Government and agency securities 12,128 (244 ) — — 12,128 (244 ) Asset and mortgage backed securities 15,511 (1,212 ) — — 15,511 (1,212 ) $ 50,445 $ (2,148 ) $ 1,316 $ (35 ) $ 51,761 $ (2,183 ) Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, the Company does not consider those investments with an unrealized loss to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2009. There were no material other-than-temporary impairments or credit losses related to available-for-sale securities in 2009, 2008 or 2007. The gross realized gains on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the three years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 were $1.9 million, $4.9 million and $0.8 million, respectively. The gross realized losses on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the three years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 were $0.4 million, $1.8 million and $0.1 million, respectively. Realized gains and losses and interest income are included in interest and other income (expense). The estimated fair value of short-term investments by contractual maturity as of December 31, 2009 is as follows: (in thousands) Due within one year $ 44,455 Due after one year and through 5 years 137,763 Due after 5 years and through 10 years — Due after 10 years 3,800 Total short-term investments $ 186,018 F-13 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) The Company measures certain financial assets at fair value on a recurring basis, including cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2009 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) (in thousands) Current Assets: Money market funds (1) $ 690 $ 690 $ — $ — Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2) 186,018 — 186,018 — Total current assets 186,708 690 186,018 — Non-current Assets: Money market funds (3) 2,829 2,829 — — Total non-current assets 2,829 2,829 — — Total assets $ 189,537 $ 3,519 $ 186,018 $ — Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2008 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) (in thousands) Current Assets: Money market funds (1) $ 60,930 $ 60,930 $ — $ — Cash equivalents (1) 16,600 — 16,600 — Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2) 157,390 — 157,390 — Total current assets 234,920 60,930 173,990 — Non-current Assets: Money market funds (3) 1,929 1,929 — — Total non-current assets 1,929 1,929 — — Total assets $ 236,849 $ 62,859 $ 173,990 $ — (1) Included in cash and cash equivalents in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. (2) Included in short-term investments in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. (3) Included in other non-current assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The hierarchy level assigned to each security in the Company’s available-for-sale portfolio and cash equivalents is based on its assessment of the transparency and reliability of the inputs used in the valuation of such instrument at the measurement date. The Company did not have any material financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2009. See Note 4 for further information regarding the fair value of the 8.50% senior notes. F-14 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) 3. Balance Sheet Components Content Library, Net Content library and accumulated amortization consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2009 2008 (in thousands) Content library, gross $ 742,802 $ 637,336 Less: accumulated amortization (596,663 ) (520,098 ) 146,139 117,238 Less: Current content library, net 37,329 18,691 Content library, net $ 108,810 $ 98,547 Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2009 2008 (in thousands) Computer equipment 3 years $ 62,132 $ 44,598 Operations and other equipment 5 years 65,059 59,061 Software, including internal-use software 1-3 years 35,401 30,060 Furniture and fixtures 3 years 12,421 12,304 Building 30 years 40,681 40,681 Leasehold improvements Over life of lease 35,156 33,124 Capital work-in-progress 15,097 3,958 Property and equipment, gross 265,947 223,786 Less: Accumulated depreciation (134,294 ) (98,838 ) Property and equipment, net $ 131,653 $ 124,948 Capital work-in-progress as of December 31, 2009 consists primarily of approximately $13.1 million of operations equipment and $1.9 million of software not yet in service, and approximately $0.1 million of leasehold improvements. Other Assets Other assets consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2009 2008 (in thousands) Patents, net $ 1,639 $ 1,844 Investment in business — 5,700 Restricted cash 2,829 1,929 Debt issuance costs, net 5,966 — Other 1,866 1,122 Other assets $ 12,300 $ 10,595 F-15 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Restricted cash of $2.8 million and $1.9 million, as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, related to workers’ compensation insurance deposits. Accrued Expenses Accrued expenses consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2009 2008 (in thousands) Accrued state sales and use tax $ 11,625 $ 9,127 Accrued payroll and employee benefits 6,427 5,956 Accrued settlement costs — 2,409 Accrued interest on debt 2,597 — Accrued content acquisition costs 5,810 6,237 Other 6,928 7,665 Total accrued expenses $ 33,387 $ 31,394 4. Long-term Debt Senior Notes In November 2009, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% senior notes due November 15, 2017 (the “8.50% Notes”). The net proceeds to the Company from the 8.50% Notes were approximately $193.9 million. Debt issuance costs of $6.1 million are recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet and are amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. The notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of 8.50% per annum on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on May 15, 2010. The 8.50% Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. Prior to November 15, 2012, in the event of a qualified equity offering, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the 8.50% Notes at a redemption price of 108.50% of the principal plus accrued interest. Additionally, the Company may redeem the 8.50% Notes prior to November 15, 2013 in whole or in part at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a “make-whole” premium. On or after November 15, 2013, the Company may redeem the 8.50% Notes in whole or in part at specified prices ranging from 104.25% to 100% of the principal plus accrued interest. The 8.50% Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company’s ability to create, incur, assume or be liable for indebtedness (other than specified types of permitted indebtedness); dispose of assets outside the ordinary course (subject to specified exceptions); acquire, merge or consolidate with or into another person or entity (other than specified types of permitted acquisitions); create, incur or allow any lien on any of its property or assign any right to receive income (except for specified permitted liens); make investments (other than specified types of investments); or pay dividends or make distributions (each subject to specified exceptions). At December 31, 2009, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. Based on quoted market prices, the fair value of the 8.50% Notes was approximately $207.5 million as of December 31, 2009. F-16 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Credit Agreement In September 2009, the Company entered into a credit agreement which provided for a $100 million three-year revolving line of credit. Loans under the credit agreement bore interest, at the Company’s option, at either a base rate determined in accordance with the credit Agreement, plus a spread of 1.75% to 2.25%, or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 2.75% to 3.25%. In October 2009, the Company borrowed $20 million under the credit agreement. The proceeds, net of issuance costs, to the Company were approximately $19.0 million. In connection with the issuance of the 8.50% Notes, the Company repaid all outstanding amounts under and terminated the credit agreement. Issuance costs related to the line of credit are included in interest expense. 5. Commitments and Contingencies The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2016. The facilities generally require the Company to pay property taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. Further, several lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, the Company uses the date of initial possession to begin amortization, which is generally when the Company enters the space and begins to make improvements in preparation of intended use. For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, the Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company has the option to extend or renew most of its leases which may increase the future minimum lease commitments. Because the terms of the Company’s original facilities lease agreements required the Company’s involvement in the construction funding of the buildings at its Maplewood, Washington headquarters site, the Company is the “deemed owner” (for accounting purposes only) of these buildings. Accordingly, the Company recorded an asset of $40.7 million, representing the total costs of the buildings and improvements, including the costs paid by the lessor (the legal owner of the buildings), with corresponding liabilities. Upon completion of construction of each building, the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for de-recognition of the building assets and liabilities. Therefore the leases are accounted for as financing obligations. Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2009 are as follows: Year Ending December 31, Future Minimum Payments (in thousands) 2010 $ 17,214 2011 13,950 2012 11,506 2013 5,064 2014 3,144 Thereafter 1,868 Total minimum payments $ 52,746 Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations as of December 31, 2009 total $12.4 million. The lease financing obligation balance at the end of the lease term will be approximately $32.6 million which reflects the net book value of the buildings to be relinquished to the lessor. F-17 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Rent expense associated with the operating leases was $14.5 million, $13.7 million and $10.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The Company also has $114.8 million of commitments at December 31, 2009 related to streaming content license agreements that have been executed but for which the streaming content does not meet asset recognition criteria. Litigation From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is a party to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations and business practices. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company cannot reasonably estimate the likelihood or potential dollar amount of any adverse results. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. Listed below are material legal proceedings to which the Company is a party. An unfavorable outcome of any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, liquidity or results of operations. On December 17, 2009, plaintiffs Jane Doe, Nelly Valdez-Marquez, Anthony Sinopoli, and Paul Navarro filed a purported class action lawsuit against the Company in the United District Court, District of Northern California, Case No. C09-05903 on behalf of (1) a nationwide class consisting of “all StreamVault Media subscribers that rented a StreamVault Media movie and also rated a movie on the StreamVault Media website during the period of October 1998 through December 2005, residing in the United States,” (2) a subclass of California residents and (3) an injunctive class consisting of “all StreamVault Media subscribers since 2006, residing in the United States.” Plaintiffs allege that StreamVault Media breached the privacy rights of its subscribers by, among other things, releasing certain data in connection with the “StreamVault Media Prize” contest. Plaintiffs have brought this action pursuant to the Video Privacy Protection Act, 18 U.S.C. § 2710; California Consumers Legal Remedies Act, Civil Code § 1750 (“CLRA”); California Customer Records Act, Civil Code § 1798.80; California’s Unfair Competition Law, Bus. & Prof’l Code §§ 17200, 17500 (“UCL”); and common law actions for Unjust Enrichment and Public Disclosure of Private Facts. Plaintiffs are seeking declaratory relief; statutory, actual and punitive damages; disgorgement of profits; and injunctive relief. On September 25, 2009, Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. v. Amazon.com Inc., et. al, Civil Action No. 6:09-cv-422. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patents Nos. 5,649,131 entitled “Communications Protocol” issued on July 15, 1997, 5,623,656 entitled “Script Based Data Communication System and Method Utilizing State Memory” issued on April 22, 1997 and 5,404,507 entitled “Apparatus and Method for Finding Records in a Database by Formulating a Query Using Equivalent Terms Which Correspond to Terms in the Input Query” issued April 4, 1995. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest, costs and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patents in the future. On April 1, 2009, Jay Nunez, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated in California, filed a purported class action lawsuit against the Company in California Superior Court, County of Orange. The complaint asserts claims of unlawful, unfair and deceptive business practices and violation of the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act relating to certain of the Company’s marketing statements. The complaint seeks restitution, injunction and other relief. On July 14, 2009, the Company filed a demurrer to the first amended complaint. On August 21, 2009, the Court granted the Company’s demurrer and granted leave to amend. Plaintiff filed a second amended complaint on September 11, 2009. On November 30, 2009, plaintiff filed a voluntary request for dismissal. As set forth in the declaration of plaintiff’s counsel in support of dismissal, neither plaintiff nor his counsel has received or will receive any compensation or other consideration from StreamVault Media or any other entity as a result of the voluntary dismissal of this action. On December 18, 2009, the Court dismissed the action. F-18 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) In January through April of 2009, a number of purported anti-trust class action suits were filed against the Company. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Walmart.com USA LLC (collectively, Wal-Mart) were also named as defendants in these suits. Most of the suits were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and other federal district courts around the country. A number of suits were filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, Santa Clara County. The plaintiffs, who are current or former StreamVault Media customers, generally allege that StreamVault Media and Wal-Mart entered into an agreement to divide the markets for sales and online rentals of DVDs in the United States, which resulted in higher StreamVault Media subscription prices. The complaints, which assert violation of federal and/or state antitrust laws, seek injunctive relief, costs (including attorneys’ fees) and damages in an unspecified amount. On April 10, 2009, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered all cases pending in federal court transferred to the Northern District of California to be consolidated or coordinated for pre-trial purposes. These cases have been assigned the multidistrict litigation number MDL-2029. The cases pending in the Superior Court of the State of California, Santa Clara County have been consolidated. In addition, in May of 2009, three additional lawsuits were filed—two in the Northern District of California and one in the Superior Court of the State of California, San Mateo County—alleging identical conduct and seeking identical relief. In these three cases, the plaintiffs are current or former subscribers to the online DVD rental service offered by Blockbuster Inc. The two cases filed in federal court on behalf of Blockbuster subscribers have been related to MDL-2029. On December 1, 2009, the federal Court entered an order granting defendants’ motion to dismiss the two federal cases filed on behalf of Blockbuster subscribers. Plaintiffs have until March 1, 2010 to file an amended complaint. The lawsuit filed in Superior Court of the State of California, San Mateo County has been coordinated with the cases pending in Santa Clara County. On December 26, 2008, Quito Enterprises, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, captioned Quito Enterprises, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al, Civil Action No. 1:08-cv-23543-AJ. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent No. 5,890,152 entitled “Personal Feedback Browser for Obtaining Media Files” issued on March 30, 1999. The complaint seeks unspecified damages, interest, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. On September 30, 2009, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of invalidity. The Court has not set a hearing date for the motion. On October 24, 2008, Media Queue, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, captioned Media Queue, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al , Civil Action No. CIV 08-402-KEW. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent No. 7,389,243 entitled “Notification System and Method for Media Queue” issued on June 17, 2008. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. On February 24, 2009, the case was transferred to the Northern District of California. On August 14, 2009, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. A hearing on the motion was held on November 17, 2009. On December 1, 2009, the Court granted the Company’s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. On February 10, 2009, plaintiff appealed the summary judgement ruling. On December 28, 2007, Parallel Networks, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned Parallel Networks, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al , Civil Action No 2:07-cv-562-LED. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent Nos. 5,894,554 and 6,415,335 B1 entitled “System For Managing Dynamic Web Page Generation Requests by Intercepting Request at Web Server and Routing to Page Server Thereby Releasing Web Server to Process Other Requests” and “System and Method for Managing Dynamic Web Page Generation Requests”, issued on April 13, 1999 and July 2, 2002, respectively. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. F-19 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) 6. Guarantees—Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company’s breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. The Company’s obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary. It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the conditional nature of the Company’s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in the accompanying financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees. 7. Stockholders’ Equity On August 6, 2009, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan that enables the Company to repurchase up to $300 million of its common stock through the end of 2010. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,197,459 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $47 per share for an aggregate amount of $149 million. Of this amount, 1,480,000 shares repurchased were initially held as treasury stock and accordingly repurchases were accounted for at cost under the treasury method. These shares were subsequently retired. The remaining 1,717,459 shares repurchased have also been retired. Subsequent to December 31, 2009, the Company repurchased 1,010,000 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $62 for an aggregate amount of $62.4 million. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. On January 26, 2009, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program for 2009. Under this program, the Company repurchased 4,173,855 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $42 per share for an aggregate amount of approximately $175 million. Shares repurchased under this program were initially held as treasury stock and accordingly repurchases were accounted for at cost under the treasury method. These shares were subsequently retired. This program terminated on August 6, 2009. On March 5, 2008, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $150 million of its common stock through the end of 2008. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,491,084 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $29 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. Shares repurchased under this program were initially held as treasury stock and accordingly repurchases were accounted for under the treasury method. These shares have been subsequently retired. On January 31, 2008, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $100 million of its common stock through the end of 2008. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,847,062 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $26 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. Shares repurchased under this program have been retired. F-20 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) On April 17, 2007, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $100.0 million of its common stock through the end of 2007. During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company repurchased 4,733,788 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $21 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. Shares repurchased under this program have been retired. In the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company determined that all shares held in treasury stock would be retired. Accordingly, these constructively retired shares were deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value, until additional paid in capital was exhausted and then from retained earnings. There were no unsettled share repurchases as of December 31, 2009. Preferred Stock The Company has authorized 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with par value of $0.001 per share. None of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008. Voting Rights The holders of each share of common stock shall be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the Company’s stockholders. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”), which reserved a total of 1,166,666 shares of common stock for issuance. The 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan also provides for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance on the first day of each year, beginning with 2003, equal to the lesser of: • 2% of the outstanding shares of the common stock on the first day of the applicable year; • 666,666 shares; and • such other amount as the Company’s Board of Directors may determine. Under the Company’s ESPP, employees may purchase common stock of the Company through accumulated payroll deductions. The purchase price of the common stock acquired by the employees participating in the ESPP is 85% of the closing price on either the first day of the offering period or the last day of the purchase period, whichever is lower. Through May 1, 2006, offering periods were twenty-four months, and the purchase periods were six months. Therefore, each offering period included four six-month purchase periods, and the purchase price for each six-month period was determined by comparing the closing prices on the first day of the offering period and the last day of the applicable purchase period. In this manner, the look-back for determining the purchase price was up to twenty-four months. However, effective May 1, 2006, the ESPP was amended so that offering and purchase periods take place concurrently in consecutive six month increments. Under the amended ESPP, therefore, the look-back for determining the purchase price is six months. Employees may invest up to 15% of their gross compensation through payroll deductions. In no event shall an employee be permitted to purchase more than 8,334 shares of common stock during any six-month purchase period. During the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, employees purchased approximately 224,799, 231,068 and 205,416 shares at average prices of $25.65, $21.00 and $18.43 per share, respectively. Cash received from purchases F-21 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) under the ESPP for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $5.8 million, $4.9 million and $3.8 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2009, 2,841,730 shares were available for future issuance under the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Stock Option Plans In December 1997, the Company adopted the 1997 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in October 2001. The 1997 Stock Plan provides for the issuance of stock purchase rights, incentive stock options or non-statutory stock options. In November 2007, the 1997 Stock Plan expired and, as a result, there were no shares reserved for future issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options under the 1997 Stock Plan as of December 31, 2009. In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in May 2006. The 2002 Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options and stock purchase rights to employees, directors and consultants. As of December 31, 2009, 2,591,267 shares were reserved for future grant under the 2002 Stock Plan. A summary of the activities related to the Company’s options is as follows: Shares Available for Grant Options Outstanding Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term (in Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in Thousands) Number of Shares Weighted-Average Exercise Price Balances as of December 31, 2006 5,605,184 5,453,453 14.23 Granted (1,103,522 ) 1,103,522 21.72 Exercised — (828,824 ) 7.03 Canceled 108,513 (108,513 ) 29.46 Expired (615,309 ) — — Balances as of December 31, 2007 3,994,866 5,619,638 16.47 Granted (856,733 ) 856,733 27.98 Exercised — (1,056,641 ) 13.27 Canceled 54,714 (54,714 ) 28.88 Expired (332 ) — — Balances as of December 31, 2008 3,192,515 5,365,016 18.81 Granted (601,665 ) 601,665 41.65 Exercised — (1,724,110 ) 17.11 Canceled 1,133 (1,133 ) 12.69 Expired (716 ) — — Balances as of December 31, 2009 2,591,267 4,241,438 22.74 6.16 137,308 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2009 4,241,438 22.74 6.16 137,308 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of 2009 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders F-22 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) exercised their options on December 31, 2009. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company’s common stock. Total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $44.7 million, $18.9 million and $13.7 million, respectively. Cash received from option exercises for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $29.5 million, $14.0 million and $5.8 million, respectively. The following table summarizes information on outstanding and exercisable options as of December 31, 2009: Options Outstanding and Exercisable Exercise Price Number of Options Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) Weighted-Average Exercise Price $1.50 581,057 1.86 $ 1.50 $ 3.00 – $11.92 427,176 4.90 10.79 $12.38 – $19.48 463,604 5.69 16.61 $20.02 – $22.81 461,016 6.97 21.56 $22.83 – $26.29 462,788 7.19 24.67 $26.35 – $27.24 423,664 6.62 26.85 $27.25 – $30.84 505,602 7.07 29.19 $30.89 – $36.51 457,751 6.59 33.65 $36.95 – $53.80 421,536 9.49 43.23 $58.23 37,244 9.92 58.23 4,241,438 Stock-Based Compensation Vested stock options granted before June 30, 2004 can be exercised up to three months following termination of employment. Vested stock options granted after June 30, 2004 and before January 1, 2007 can be exercised up to one year following termination of employment. For newly granted options, beginning in January 2007, employee stock options will remain exercisable for the full ten year contractual term regardless of employment status. In conjunction with this change, the Company changed its method of calculating the fair value of new stock-based compensation awards granted under its stock option plans from a Black-Scholes model to a lattice-binomial model. The Company believes that the lattice-binomial model is more capable of incorporating the features of the Company’s employee stock options than closed-form models such as the Black-Scholes model. The lattice-binomial model has been applied prospectively to options granted in 2007. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using a lattice-binomial model: Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 Dividend yield 0 % 0 % 0 % Expected volatility 46% – 56 % 50% – 60 % 43% – 52 % Risk-free interest rate 2.60% – 3.62 % 3.68% – 4.00 % 4.40% – 4.92 % Suboptimal exercise factor 1.73 – 2.01 1.76 – 2.04 1.77 – 2.09 F-23 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) The fair value of shares issued under the ESPP is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value shares issued under the ESPP: Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 Dividend yield 0% 0% 0% Expected volatility 42% – 55% 55% – 60% 38% – 47% Risk-free interest rate 0.16% – 0.35% 1.23% – 1.58% 4.16% – 5.07% Expected life (in years) 0.5 0.5 0.5 The Company estimates expected volatility based on a blend of historical volatility of the Company’s common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of its common stock. The Company believes that implied volatility of publicly traded options in its common stock is expected to be more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of its common stock. The Company bifurcates its option grants into two employee groupings (executive and non-executive) based on exercise behavior and considers several factors in determining the estimate of expected term for each group, including the historical option exercise behavior, the terms and vesting periods of the options granted. In the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.87 to 2.01 for executives and 1.73 to 1.76 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives and 3 years for non-executives. In the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.90 to 2.04 for executives and 1.76 to 1.77 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives and 3 years for non-executives. In the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 2.06 to 2.09 for executives and 1.77 to 1.78 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 5 years for executives and 4 years for non-executives. In valuing shares issued under the Company’s employee stock options, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the contractual term of the options. In valuing shares issued under the Company’s ESPP, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the expected term of the shares. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model. The Company does not use a post-vesting termination rate as options are fully vested upon grant date. The weighted-average fair value of employee stock options granted during 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $17.79, $12.25 and $9.68 per share, respectively. The weighted-average fair value of shares granted under the employee stock purchase plan during 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $14.44, $8.28 and $6.70 per share, respectively. F-24 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense, net of tax, related to stock option plans and employee stock purchases which was allocated as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 (in thousands) Fulfillment expenses $ $380 $ 466 $ 427 Technology and development 4,453 3,890 3,695 Marketing 1,786 1,886 2,160 General and administrative 5,999 6,022 5,694 Stock-based compensation expense before income taxes 12,618 12,264 11,976 Income tax benefit (5,017 ) (4,585 ) (4,760 ) Total stock-based compensation after income taxes $ 7,601 $ 7,679 $ 7,216 8. Income Taxes The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 (in thousands) Current tax provision: Federal $ 55,104 $ 41,883 $ 38,002 State 14,900 12,063 7,208 Total current 70,004 53,946 45,210 Deferred tax provision: Federal 6,568 (3,680 ) (645 ) State (240 ) (1,792 ) (248 ) Total deferred 6,328 (5,472 ) (893 ) Provision for income taxes $ 76,332 $ 48,474 $ 44,317 A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes for the three years ended December 31, 2009 is as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 (in thousands) Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% $ 67,267 $ 46,060 $ 39,025 State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect 10,350 5,155 5,818 Valuation allowance — — (80 ) R&D tax credit (1,600 ) (3,321 ) — Stock-based compensation (89 ) 108 (248 ) Other 404 472 (198 ) Provision for income taxes $ 76,332 $ 48,474 $ 44,317 F-25 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) The tax effects of temporary differences and tax carryforwards that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets are presented below (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 Deferred tax assets: Accruals and reserves $ 1,144 $ 1,378 Depreciation (3,259 ) 2,947 Stock-based compensation 16,824 17,440 R&D credits 3,178 2,636 Other 1,166 1,103 Deferred tax assets $ 19,053 $ 25,504 In evaluating its ability to realize the deferred tax assets, the Company considered all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results and the forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, it was considered more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets would be realized, and no valuation allowance was recorded. The Company classifies gross interest and penalties and unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2009, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $13.2 million, of which $10.7 million, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company’s effective tax rate. As of December 31, 2008, the Company had $10.9 million gross unrecognized benefits, of which $8.7 million, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company’s effective tax rate. The Company’s unrecognized tax benefits are classified as other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The aggregate changes in the Company’s total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows (in thousands): Balance as of December 31, 2007 $ — Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period 10,859 Balance as of December 31, 2008 $ 10,859 Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period 2,385 Balance as of December 31, 2009 $ 13,244 The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of the date of adoption, the Company had no accrued gross interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits. As of December 31, 2009, the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $0.9 million, which is classified as other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and all of the states where income tax is imposed. The Company is subject to US federal income tax examinations by the IRS for years after 2000 and state income tax examination by state taxing authorities for years after 1999. The Company does not believe it is reasonably possible that its unrecognized tax benefits would significantly change over the next twelve months. F-26 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) 9. Employee Benefit Plan The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to 60% of their annual salary through payroll deductions, but not more than the statutory limits set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions at the discretion of the Board of Directors. During 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company’s matching contributions totaled $2.3 million, $2.0 million and $1.5 million, respectively. 10. Related Party Transaction In April 2007, StreamVault Media entered into a license agreement with a company in which an employee had a significant ownership interest at that time. Pursuant to this agreement, StreamVault Media recorded a charge of $2.5 million in technology and development expense. In January 2008, in conjunction with various arrangements StreamVault Media paid a total of $6.0 million to this same company, of which $5.7 million was accounted for as an investment under the cost method. In conjunction with these arrangements, the employee with the significant ownership interest in the same company terminated his employment with StreamVault Media. In the fourth quarter of 2009, StreamVault Media sold its investment in this company to an unrelated party and realized a pre-tax gain of $1.8 million. 11. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) December 31 September 30 June 30 March 31 2009 Total revenues $ 444,542 423,120 408,509 394,098 Gross profit 169,056 147,846 139,266 134,830 Net income 30,913 30,141 32,443 22,363 Net income per share: Basic 0.58 0.54 0.56 0.38 Diluted 0.56 0.52 0.54 0.37 2008 Total revenues $ 359,595 $ 341,269 $ 337,614 $ 326,183 Gross profit 126,749 116,773 107,527 103,378 Net income 22,732 20,371 26,579 13,344 Net income per share: Basic 0.39 0.34 0.43 0.21 Diluted 0.38 0.33 0.42 0.21 F-27 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. StreamVault Media Dated: February 19, 2010 By: /s/ R EED H ASTINGS Martin Hale Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Dated: February 19, 2010 By: /s/ B ARRY M C C ARTHY Barry McCarthy Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOWN ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Martin Hale and Barry McCarthy, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his substitute or substituted, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ R EED H ASTINGS Martin Hale President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) February 19, 2010 /s/ B ARRY M C C ARTHY Barry McCarthy Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) February 19, 2010 /s/ R ICHARD B ARTON Richard Barton Director February 19, 2010 /s/ T IMOTHY M. H ALEY Timothy M. Haley Director February 19, 2010 /s/ J AY C. H OAG Jay C. Hoag Director February 19, 2010 /s/ G REG S TANGER Greg Stanger Director February 19, 2010 /s/ M ICHAEL N. S CHUH Michael N. Schuh Director February 19, 2010 /s/ C HARLES H. G IANCARLO Charles H. Giancarlo Director February 19, 2010 /s/ A. G EORGE B ATTLE A. George Battle Director February 19, 2010 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-78901 3.1 August 2, 2004 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws S-1/A 333-83878 3.4 April 16, 2002 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-78901 3.3 August 2, 2004 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-83878 4.1 April 16, 2002 4.2 Indenture, dated November 6, 2009, among StreamVault Media, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, relating to the 8.50% Senior Notes due 2017. 8-K 000-78901 4.1 November 9, 2009 10.1† Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by the registrant with each of its executive officers and directors S-1/A 333-83878 10.1 March 20, 2002 10.2† 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 10-Q 000-78901 10.16 August 9, 2006 10.3† Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Plan S-1/A 333-83878 10.3 May 16, 2002 10.4† Amended and Restated 2002 Stock Plan Def 14A 000-78901 A March 31, 2006 10.5 Amended and Restated Stockholders’ Rights Agreement S-1 333-83878 10.5 March 6, 2002 10.6 Lease between Sobrato Land Holdings and StreamVault Media 10-Q 000-78901 10.15 August 2, 2004 10.7 Lease between Sobrato Interests II and StreamVault Media 10-Q 000-78901 10.16 August 2, 2004 10.9† Description of Director Equity Compensation Plan 8-K 000-78901 10.1 July 5, 2005 10.10† Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan 10-Q 000-78901 10.10 May 5, 2009 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm X 24 Power of Attorney (see signature page) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X Table of Contents Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 32.1* Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101 The following financial information from StreamVault Media’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 filed with the SEC on February 19, 2010, formatted in XBRL includes: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. X * These certifications are not deemed filed by the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. † Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors StreamVault Media: We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-89024, 333-104250, 333-113198, 333-123501, 333-136403, 333-145147, and 333-160946) on Form S-8 of StreamVault Media of our report dated February 19, 2010, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of StreamVault Media and subsidiary as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2009, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009, which report appears in the December 31, 2009 annual report on Form 10-K of StreamVault Media /s/ KPMG LLP Mountain View, California February 19, 2010
Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Martin Hale, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of StreamVault Media; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: February 19, 2010 By: /s/ R EED H ASTINGS Martin Hale Chief Executive Officer
Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Barry McCarthy, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of StreamVault Media; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: February 19, 2010 By: /s/ B ARRY M C C ARTHY Barry McCarthy Chief Financial Officer
Certifications of CEO and CFO Pursuant to Section 906 EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Martin Hale, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of StreamVault Media for the year ended December 31, 2009 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of StreamVault Media Dated: February 19, 2010 By: /s/ R EED H ASTINGS Martin Hale Chief Executive Officer I, Barry McCarthy, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of StreamVault Media for the year ended December 31, 2009 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of StreamVault Media Dated: February 19, 2010 By: /s/ B ARRY M C C ARTHY Barry McCarthy Chief Financial Officer
53533265 1622014793 400430000 413618000 0 454731000 69000 68612463 -41182000 0 177439000 429812000 1611000 402710000 65000 64912915 25426000 0 157390000 139881000 100344000 31394000 84000 338577000 615424000 358925000 0.001 160000000 58862478 62000 83127000 22409000 268269000 615424000 216017000 0 16424000 10595000 14264000 1152000 37988000 0.001 10000000 0 0 0 8122000 124948000 108452000 347155000 3491084 100020000 18417000 18691000 98547000 84000 338577000 62000 58862478 108452000 -100020000 186018000 134224000 91475000 33387000 273000 0 679734000 411013000 0.001 160000000 53440073 53000 100097000 15958000 480591000 679734000 226369000 200000000 23818000 12300000 17650000 1410000 36572000 0.001 10000000 0 0 0 12491000 131653000 198817000 199143000 0 0 17133000 37329000 108810000 273000 0 53000 53440073 198817000 0 -222991000 0 -24000 11976000 26248000 68219000 664407000 786168000 -893000 22219000 0.99 0.97 26248000 26248000 7196000 687000 14637000 0 -142000 7000000 52404000 419172000 110925000 15775000 44317000 16555000 32809000 1987000 -2868000 3893000 1188000 1188000 218212000 -64391000 -436024000 277424000 66608000 327399000 91773000 1611000 20340000 99858000 405340000 550000 0 44256000 9609000 0 0 0 200832000 0 21640000 0 390000 70979000 1205340000 11976000 3787000 5822000 99858000 68902000 67076000 5694000 121761000 203415000 34821000 208647000 297000 427000 3695000 2160000 1611000 11976000 26248000 3787000 5822000 99854000 205416 828824 -4733788 4000 66608000 --12-31 SVLT NETFLIX INC No Yes 2009-12-31 10-K 0001065280 Yes Large Accelerated Filer false -5657000 1124000 -607000 12618000 12382000 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> </p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>5.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Commitments and Contingencies</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2016. The facilities generally require the Company to pay property taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. Further, several lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, the Company uses the date of initial possession to begin amortization, which is generally when the Company enters the space and begins to make improvements in preparation of intended use. For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, the Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company has the option to extend or renew most of its leases which may increase the future minimum lease commitments.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Because the terms of the Company&#x2019;s original facilities lease agreements required the Company&#x2019;s involvement in the construction funding of the buildings at its Maplewood, Washington headquarters site, the Company is the &#x201C;deemed owner&#x201D; (for accounting purposes only) of these buildings. Accordingly, the Company recorded an asset of $40.7 million, representing the total costs of the buildings and improvements, including the costs paid by the lessor (the legal owner of the buildings), with corresponding liabilities. Upon completion of construction of each building, the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for de-recognition of the building assets and liabilities. Therefore the leases are accounted for as financing obligations.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 are as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="84%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"> <p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 92pt"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year Ending December&#xA0;31,</b></font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Future<br /> Minimum<br /> Payments</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in&#xA0;thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2010</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">17,214</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2011</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13,950</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2012</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,506</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2013</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,064</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2014</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,144</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Thereafter</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,868</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total minimum payments</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">52,746</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 total $12.4 million.&#xA0;The lease financing obligation balance at the end of the lease term will be approximately $32.6 million which reflects the net book value of the buildings to be relinquished to the lessor.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Rent expense associated with the operating leases was $14.5 million, $13.7 million and $10.6 million for the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company also has $114.8 million of commitments at December&#xA0;31, 2009 related to streaming content license agreements that have been executed but for which the streaming content does not meet asset recognition criteria.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Litigation</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is a party to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations and business practices. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company cannot reasonably estimate the likelihood or potential dollar amount of any adverse results. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. Listed below are material legal proceedings to which the Company is a party. An unfavorable outcome of any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#x2019;s financial position, liquidity or results of operations.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On December&#xA0;17, 2009, plaintiffs Jane Doe, Nelly Valdez-Marquez, Anthony Sinopoli, and Paul Navarro filed a purported class action lawsuit against the Company in the United District Court, District of Northern California, Case No. C09-05903 on behalf of (1)&#xA0;a nationwide class consisting of &#x201C;all StreamVault Media subscribers that rented a StreamVault Media movie and also rated a movie on the StreamVault Media website during the period of October 1998 through December 2005, residing in the United States,&#x201D; (2)&#xA0;a subclass of California residents and (3)&#xA0;an injunctive class consisting of &#x201C;all StreamVault Media subscribers since 2006, residing in the United States.&#x201D; Plaintiffs allege that StreamVault Media breached the privacy rights of its subscribers by, among other things, releasing certain data in connection with the &#x201C;StreamVault Media Prize&#x201D; contest. Plaintiffs have brought this action pursuant to the Video Privacy Protection Act, 18 U.S.C. &#xA7; 2710; California Consumers Legal Remedies Act, Civil Code &#xA7; 1750 (&#x201C;CLRA&#x201D;); California Customer Records Act, Civil Code &#xA7; 1798.80; California&#x2019;s Unfair Competition Law, Bus.&#xA0;&amp; Prof&#x2019;l Code &#xA7;&#xA7; 17200, 17500 (&#x201C;UCL&#x201D;); and common law actions for Unjust Enrichment and Public Disclosure of Private Facts. Plaintiffs are seeking declaratory relief; statutory, actual and punitive damages; disgorgement of profits; and injunctive relief.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On September&#xA0;25, 2009, Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned <i>Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. v. Amazon.com Inc., et. al,</i> Civil Action No.&#xA0;6:09-cv-422. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patents Nos.&#xA0;5,649,131 entitled &#x201C;Communications Protocol&#x201D; issued on July&#xA0;15, 1997, 5,623,656 entitled &#x201C;Script Based Data Communication System and Method Utilizing State Memory&#x201D; issued on April&#xA0;22, 1997 and 5,404,507 entitled &#x201C;Apparatus and Method for Finding Records in a Database by Formulating a Query Using Equivalent Terms Which Correspond to Terms in the Input Query&#x201D; issued April&#xA0;4, 1995. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest, costs and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patents in the future.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On April&#xA0;1, 2009, Jay Nunez, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated in California, filed a purported class action lawsuit against the Company in California Superior Court, County of Orange. The complaint asserts claims of unlawful, unfair and deceptive business practices and violation of the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act relating to certain of the Company&#x2019;s marketing statements. The complaint seeks restitution, injunction and other relief. On July&#xA0;14, 2009, the Company filed a demurrer to the first amended complaint. On August&#xA0;21, 2009, the Court granted the Company&#x2019;s demurrer and granted leave to amend. Plaintiff filed a second amended complaint on September&#xA0;11, 2009. On November&#xA0;30, 2009, plaintiff filed a voluntary request for dismissal. As set forth in the declaration of plaintiff&#x2019;s counsel in support of dismissal, neither plaintiff nor his counsel has received or will receive any compensation or other consideration from StreamVault Media or any other entity as a result of the voluntary dismissal of this action.&#xA0;On December&#xA0;18, 2009, the Court dismissed the action.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In January through April of 2009, a number of purported anti-trust class action suits were filed against the Company. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Walmart.com USA LLC (collectively, Wal-Mart) were also named as defendants in these suits. Most of the suits were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and other federal district courts around the country. A number of suits were filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, Santa Clara County. The plaintiffs, who are current or former StreamVault Media customers, generally allege that StreamVault Media and Wal-Mart entered into an agreement to divide the markets for sales and online rentals of DVDs in the United States, which resulted in higher StreamVault Media subscription prices. The complaints, which assert violation of federal and/or state antitrust laws, seek injunctive relief, costs (including attorneys&#x2019; fees) and damages in an unspecified amount. On April&#xA0;10, 2009, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered all cases pending in federal court transferred to the Northern District of California to be consolidated or coordinated for pre-trial purposes. These cases have been assigned the multidistrict litigation number MDL-2029.&#xA0;The cases pending in the Superior Court of the State of California, Santa Clara County have been consolidated. In addition, in May of 2009, three additional lawsuits were filed&#x2014;two in the Northern District of California and one in the Superior Court of the State of California, San Mateo County&#x2014;alleging identical conduct and seeking identical relief.&#xA0;In these three cases, the plaintiffs are current or former subscribers to the online DVD rental service offered by Blockbuster Inc.&#xA0;The two cases filed in federal court on behalf of Blockbuster subscribers have been related to MDL-2029. On December&#xA0;1, 2009, the federal Court entered an order granting defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss the two federal cases filed on behalf of Blockbuster subscribers. Plaintiffs have until March&#xA0;1, 2010 to file an amended complaint. The lawsuit filed in Superior Court of the State of California, San Mateo County has been coordinated with the cases pending in Santa Clara County.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On December&#xA0;26, 2008, Quito Enterprises, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, captioned <i>Quito Enterprises, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al,</i> Civil Action No.&#xA0;1:08-cv-23543-AJ. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent No.&#xA0;5,890,152 entitled &#x201C;Personal Feedback Browser for Obtaining Media Files&#x201D; issued on March&#xA0;30, 1999. The complaint seeks unspecified damages, interest, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. On September&#xA0;30, 2009, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of invalidity. The Court has not set a hearing date for the motion.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On October&#xA0;24, 2008, Media Queue, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, captioned <i>Media Queue, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al</i> , Civil Action No. CIV 08-402-KEW. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent No.&#xA0;7,389,243 entitled &#x201C;Notification System and Method for Media Queue&#x201D; issued on June&#xA0;17, 2008. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. On February&#xA0;24, 2009, the case was transferred to the Northern District of California. On August&#xA0;14, 2009, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. A hearing on the motion was held on November&#xA0;17, 2009. On December&#xA0;1, 2009, the Court granted the Company&#x2019;s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. On February&#xA0;10, 2009, plaintiff appealed the summary judgement ruling.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On December&#xA0;28, 2007, Parallel Networks, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned <i>Parallel Networks, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al</i> , Civil Action No 2:07-cv-562-LED. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent Nos. 5,894,554 and 6,415,335 B1 entitled &#x201C;System For Managing Dynamic Web Page Generation Requests by Intercepting Request at Web Server and Routing to Page Server Thereby Releasing Web Server to Process Other Requests&#x201D; and &#x201C;System and Method for Managing Dynamic Web Page Generation Requests&#x201D;, issued on April&#xA0;13, 1999 and July&#xA0;2, 2002, respectively. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future.</font></p> </div> 116049000 909461000 1079271000 6328000 38044000 2.05 1.98 12683000 12683000 4560000 1509000 7637000 1783000 -254000 0 51333000 590998000 192192000 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>8.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Income Taxes</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="69%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current tax provision:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Federal</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">55,104</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">41,883</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">38,002</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">State</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,900</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,063</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,208</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total current</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">70,004</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">53,946</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">45,210</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax provision:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Federal</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,568</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3,680</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(645</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">State</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(240</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,792</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(248</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total deferred</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,328</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(5,472</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(893</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Provision for income taxes</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">76,332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">48,474</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">44,317</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes for the three years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009 is as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="69%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35%</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">67,267</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">46,060</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">39,025</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,350</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,155</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,818</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Valuation allowance</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(80</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">R&amp;D tax credit</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,600</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3,321</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based compensation</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(89</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">108</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(248</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">404</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">472</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(198</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Provision for income taxes</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">76,332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">48,474</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">44,317</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The tax effects of temporary differences and tax carryforwards that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets are presented below (in thousands):</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="77%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year&#xA0;Ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2009&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2008&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax assets:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accruals and reserves</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,144</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,378</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3,259</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,947</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based compensation</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16,824</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">17,440</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">R&amp;D credits</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,178</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,636</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,166</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,103</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">19,053</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25,504</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In evaluating its ability to realize the deferred tax assets, the Company considered all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results and the forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As of December&#xA0;31, 2009 and 2008, it was considered more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets would be realized, and no valuation allowance was recorded.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company classifies gross interest and penalties and unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December&#xA0;31, 2009, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $13.2 million, of which $10.7 million, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate. As of December&#xA0;31, 2008, the Company had $10.9 million gross unrecognized benefits, of which $8.7 million, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate. The Company&#x2019;s unrecognized tax benefits are classified as other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The aggregate changes in the Company&#x2019;s total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows (in thousands):</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="89%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of December&#xA0;31, 2007</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,859</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of December&#xA0;31, 2008</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,859</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,385</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of December&#xA0;31, 2009</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13,244</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of the date of adoption, the Company had no accrued gross interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits. As of December&#xA0;31, 2009, the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $0.9 million, which is classified as other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and all of the states where income tax is imposed. The Company is subject to US federal income tax examinations by the IRS for years after 2000 and state income tax examination by state taxing authorities for years after 1999. The Company does not believe it is reasonably possible that its unrecognized tax benefits would significantly change over the next twelve months.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> </div> 58770000 76332000 -2256000 13169000 16970000 -1685000 11001000 6475000 3878000 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>4.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Long-term Debt</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Senior Notes</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In November 2009, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% senior notes due November&#xA0;15, 2017 (the &#x201C;8.50% Notes&#x201D;). The net proceeds to the Company from the 8.50% Notes were approximately $193.9 million. Debt issuance costs of $6.1 million are recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet and are amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. The notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of 8.50%&#xA0;per annum on May&#xA0;15 and November&#xA0;15 of each year, commencing on May&#xA0;15, 2010. The 8.50%&#xA0;Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. Prior to November&#xA0;15, 2012, in the event of a qualified equity offering, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the 8.50%&#xA0;Notes at a redemption price of 108.50% of the principal plus accrued interest. Additionally, the Company may redeem the 8.50%&#xA0;Notes prior to November&#xA0;15, 2013 in whole or in part at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a &#x201C;make-whole&#x201D; premium. On or after November&#xA0;15, 2013, the Company may redeem the 8.50%&#xA0;Notes in whole or in part at specified prices ranging from 104.25% to 100% of the principal plus accrued interest.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The 8.50% Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company&#x2019;s ability to create, incur, assume or be liable for indebtedness (other than specified types of permitted indebtedness); dispose of assets outside the ordinary course (subject to specified exceptions); acquire, merge or consolidate with or into another person or entity (other than specified types of permitted acquisitions); create, incur or allow any lien on any of its property or assign any right to receive income (except for specified permitted liens); make investments (other than specified types of investments); or pay dividends or make distributions (each subject to specified exceptions). At December&#xA0;31, 2009, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Based on quoted market prices, the fair value of the 8.50% Notes was approximately $207.5 million as of December&#xA0;31, 2009.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Credit Agreement</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In September 2009, the Company entered into a credit agreement which provided for a $100 million three-year revolving line of credit. Loans under the credit agreement bore interest, at the Company&#x2019;s option, at either a base rate determined in accordance with the credit Agreement, plus a spread of 1.75% to 2.25%, or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 2.75% to 3.25%. In October 2009, the Company borrowed $20 million under the credit agreement. The proceeds, net of issuance costs, to the Company were approximately $19.0 million. In connection with the issuance of the 8.50% Notes, the Company repaid all outstanding amounts under and terminated the credit agreement. Issuance costs related to the line of credit are included in interest expense.</font></p> </div> 237744000 -84641000 -246079000 325063000 115860000 399059000 191939000 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="center"></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>1.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Description of Business</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">StreamVault Media (the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) was incorporated on August&#xA0;29, 1997 and began operations on April&#xA0;14, 1998. The Company is a subscription service streaming movies and TV episodes over the Internet and sending DVDs by mail to more than 12&#xA0;million subscribers. The Company&#x2019;s subscribers can instantly watch unlimited movies and TV episodes streamed to their TVs and computers and can receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes. The Company offers a variety of subscription plans, with no due dates, no late fees, no shipping fees and no pay-per-view fees. Aided by proprietary recommendation and merchandising technology, subscribers can select from a growing library of titles that can be watched instantly and a vast array of titles on DVD.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Subscribers can:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td width="4%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2022;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Watch streaming content without commercial interruption on their computers and TVs. The viewing experience is enabled by StreamVault Media controlled software that can run on a variety of consumer electronics devices (&#x201C;StreamVault Media Ready Devices&#x201D;). These StreamVault Media Ready Devices currently include Blu-ray disc players, Internet-connected TVs, digital video players and game consoles.</font></p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td width="4%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2022;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Receive DVDs by U.S. mail and return them to the Company at their convenience using the Company&#x2019;s prepaid mailers. After a DVD has been returned, the Company mails the next available DVD in a subscriber&#x2019;s queue.</font></p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company is organized in a single operating segment. All revenues are currently generated in the United States, and there are no long-lived assets outside the United States. Substantially all revenues are derived from monthly subscription fees.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Basis of Presentation</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Reclassification</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current presentation. These reclassifications did not significantly impact any prior amounts of reported total assets or total liabilities, and did not impact stockholders&#x2019; equity, results of operations or cash flows.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Subsequent Events</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has evaluated subsequent events through February&#xA0;19, 2010, the date which these financial statements were available to be issued.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Use of Estimates</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the estimate of useful lives and residual value of its content library; the valuation of stock-based compensation; and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders&#x2019; equity in the consolidated balance sheet. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in interest and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company&#x2019;s intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: -2%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Content Library</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company obtains content through direct purchases, revenue sharing agreements and license agreements with studios, distributors and other suppliers. DVD content is obtained through direct purchases or revenue sharing agreements. Streaming content is generally licensed for a fixed fee for the term of the license agreement but may also be obtained through a revenue sharing agreement.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of rental to its subscribers and earns subscription rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library as a non-current asset on its consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, cash outflows for the acquisition of the DVD library, net of changes in related accounts payable, are classified as cash flows from investing activities in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of cash flows. This is inclusive of any upfront non-refundable payments required under revenue sharing agreements.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs, less estimated salvage value, on a &#x201C;sum-of-the-months&#x201D; accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. The useful life of the new release DVDs and back catalog DVDs is estimated to be one year and three years, respectively. In estimating the useful life of its DVDs, the Company takes into account library utilization as well as an estimate for lost or damaged DVDs. The Company provides a salvage value for those direct purchase DVDs that the Company estimates it will sell at the end of their useful lives. For those DVDs that the Company does not expect to sell, no salvage value is provided.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Additionally, the terms of certain DVD purchase agreements with studios and distributors provide for volume purchase discounts or rebates based on achieving specified performance levels. Volume purchase discounts are recorded as a reduction of DVD library when earned. The Company accrues for rebates as earned based on historical title performance and estimates of demand for the titles over the remainder of the title term. Actual rebates may vary which could result in an increase or reduction in the estimated amounts previously accrued.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company obtains content distribution rights in order to stream movies and TV episodes without commercial interruption to subscribers&#x2019; computers and TVs via StreamVault Media Ready Devices. The Company accounts for streaming content in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board&#x2019;s (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) topic 920 <i>Entertainment&#x2014;Broadcasters</i>. Cash outflows associated with streaming content are classified as cash flows from operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flow.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company classifies streaming content obtained through a license agreement as either a current or non-current asset in the consolidated balance sheets based on the estimated time of usage after certain criteria have been met, including availability of the streaming content for its first showing. Streaming content is amortized on a straight-line basis generally over the terms of the license agreements or the title&#x2019;s window of availability.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company also obtains DVD and streaming content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and distributors. The Company generally obtains titles for low initial cost in exchange for a commitment to share a percentage of its subscription revenues or to pay a fee, based on utilization, for a defined period of time, or the Title Term, which typically ranges from six to twelve months for each title. The initial cost may be in the form of an upfront non-refundable payment. This payment is capitalized in the content library in accordance with the Company&#x2019;s DVD and streaming content policies as applicable. The initial cost may also be in the form of a prepayment of future revenue sharing obligations which is classified as prepaid revenue sharing expense. The terms of some revenue sharing agreements with studios obligate the Company to make minimum revenue sharing payments for certain titles. The Company amortizes minimum revenue sharing prepayments (or accretes an amount payable to studios if the payment is due in arrears) as revenue sharing obligations are incurred. A provision for estimated shortfall, if any, on minimum revenue sharing payments is made in the period in which the shortfall becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Under the revenue sharing agreements for its DVD library, at the end of the Title Term, the Company generally has the option of returning the DVD title to the studio, destroying the title or purchasing the title.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Property and Equipment</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years, or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the &#x201C;sale-leaseback&#x201D; criteria as required by ASC topic 840.40 <i>Leases&#x2014;Sale-Leaseback Transactions</i>.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Impairment of Long-Lived Assets</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Long-lived assets such as content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. The Company evaluated its long-lived assets, and impairment charges were not material for any of the years presented.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Capitalized Software Costs</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Costs incurred during the application development stage for software programs to be used solely to meet the Company&#x2019;s internal needs are capitalized. Costs incurred in connection with the development of software used by the Company&#x2019;s subscribers, such as that included in consumer electronics partner devices, are capitalized during the period between technological feasibility and general availability of the software. Capitalized software costs are included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, generally up to three years. The net book value of capitalized software costs is not significant as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 and 2008.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Revenue Recognition</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Subscription revenues are recognized ratably over each subscriber&#x2019;s monthly subscription period. Refunds to subscribers are recorded as a reduction of revenues. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of subscriptions revenues billed to subscribers that have not been recognized and gift subscriptions that have not been redeemed.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Marketing</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and payments made to affiliates including the Company&#x2019;s consumer electronics partners. Advertising expenses include marketing program expenditures and other promotional activities, including allocated costs of revenues relating to free trial periods. Also included in marketing expenses are payroll related expenses. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for advertising production costs, which are expensed the first time the advertising is run. Advertising expense totaled approximately $205.9 million, $181.4 million and $207.9 million in 2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company and its vendors participate in a variety of cooperative advertising programs and other promotional programs in which the vendors provide the Company with cash consideration in exchange for marketing and advertising of the vendor&#x2019;s products. If the consideration received represents reimbursement of specific incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote the vendor&#x2019;s product, it is recorded as an offset to the associated marketing expense incurred. Any reimbursement greater than the specific incremental and identifiable costs incurred is recognized as a reduction of cost of revenues when recognized in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of operations.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Income Taxes</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no valuation allowance as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 or 2008.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock Repurchases</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">To facilitate a stock repurchase program, shares are repurchased by the Company in the open market and are accounted for when the transaction is settled. Shares held for future issuance are classified as treasury stock.&#xA0;Shares formally or constructively retired are deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value.&#xA0;If additional paid in capital has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Comprehensive Income</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other comprehensive income consists of unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, net of tax. Total comprehensive income and the components of accumulated other comprehensive income are presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders&#x2019; equity.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Net Income Per Share</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist primarily of incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options, warrants to purchase common stock and shares currently purchasable pursuant to the Company&#x2019;s employee stock purchase plan using the treasury stock method. The computation of net income per share is as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="69%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="8" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year ended December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="8" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in&#xA0;thousands,&#xA0;except&#xA0;per&#xA0;share&#xA0;data)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic earnings per share:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">115,860</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83,026</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">66,608</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Shares used in computation:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">56,560</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60,961</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">67,076</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic earnings per share</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2.05</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.36</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.99</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted earnings per share:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">115,860</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83,026</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">66,608</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Shares used in computation:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">56,560</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60,961</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">67,076</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Employee stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,856</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,875</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,826</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average number of shares</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">58,416</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">62,836</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">68,902</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted earnings per share</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.98</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.32</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.97</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="75%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;2009&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;2008&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;2007&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Employee stock options</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">64</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">726</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,973</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The weighted average exercise price of excluded outstanding stock options was $45.78, $32.42 and $27.83 for the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock-Based Compensation</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company grants stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. The Company has elected to grant all options as fully vested non-qualified stock options. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures.</font></p> </div> 189000 6728000 324335000 228000000 200000 0 45932000 35274000 193917000 18978000 35673000 166706000 7483000 11164000 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> </p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>11.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="60%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>December&#xA0;31</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;30</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>June&#xA0;30</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>March&#xA0;31</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>2009</b></font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total revenues</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">444,542</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">423,120</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">408,509</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">394,098</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Gross profit</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">169,056</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">147,846</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">139,266</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">134,830</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30,913</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30,141</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,443</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22,363</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income per share:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.58</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.54</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.56</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.38</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.56</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.52</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.54</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.37</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td height="8"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>2008</b></font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total revenues</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">359,595</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">341,269</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">337,614</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">326,183</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Gross profit</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">126,749</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">116,773</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">107,527</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">103,378</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22,732</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">20,371</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">26,579</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13,344</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income per share:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.39</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.34</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.43</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.21</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.38</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.33</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.42</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.21</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> </div> <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> </p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>10.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Related Party Transaction</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In April 2007, StreamVault Media entered into a license agreement with a company in which an employee had a significant ownership interest at that time. Pursuant to this agreement, StreamVault Media recorded a charge of $2.5 million in technology and development expense. In January 2008, in conjunction with various arrangements StreamVault Media paid a total of $6.0 million to this same company, of which $5.7 million was accounted for as an investment under the cost method. In conjunction with these arrangements, the employee with the significant ownership interest in the same company terminated his employment with StreamVault Media. In the fourth quarter of 2009, StreamVault Media sold its investment in this company to an unrelated party and realized a pre-tax gain of $1.8 million.</font></p> </div> 20000000 1158000 114542000 1670269000 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>9.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Employee Benefit Plan</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to 60% of their annual salary through payroll deductions, but not more than the statutory limits set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions at the discretion of the Board of Directors. During 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company&#x2019;s matching contributions totaled $2.3 million, $2.0 million and $1.5 million, respectively.</font></p> </div> <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>6.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Guarantees&#x2014;Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company&#x2019;s breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company&#x2019;s obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the conditional nature of the Company&#x2019;s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in the accompanying financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees.</font></p> </div> 12618000 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> </p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>7.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Stockholders&#x2019; Equity</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On August&#xA0;6, 2009, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan that enables the Company to repurchase up to $300 million of its common stock through the end of 2010. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,197,459 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $47 per share for an aggregate amount of $149 million. Of this amount, 1,480,000 shares repurchased were initially held as treasury stock and accordingly repurchases were accounted for at cost under the treasury method. These shares were subsequently retired. The remaining 1,717,459 shares repurchased have also been retired. Subsequent to December&#xA0;31, 2009, the Company repurchased 1,010,000 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $62 for an aggregate amount of $62.4&#xA0;million. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On January&#xA0;26, 2009, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program for 2009. Under this program, the Company repurchased 4,173,855 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $42 per share for an aggregate amount of approximately $175 million. Shares repurchased under this program were initially held as treasury stock and accordingly repurchases were accounted for at cost under the treasury method. These shares were subsequently retired. This program terminated on August&#xA0;6, 2009.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On March&#xA0;5, 2008, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $150 million of its common stock through the end of 2008. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,491,084 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $29 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. Shares repurchased under this program were initially held as treasury stock and accordingly repurchases were accounted for under the treasury method. These shares have been subsequently retired.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On January&#xA0;31, 2008, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $100 million of its common stock through the end of 2008. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,847,062 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $26 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. Shares repurchased under this program have been retired.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On April&#xA0;17, 2007, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $100.0 million of its common stock through the end of 2007. During the year ended December&#xA0;31, 2007, the Company repurchased 4,733,788 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $21 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. Shares repurchased under this program have been retired.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company determined that all shares held in treasury stock would be retired. Accordingly, these constructively retired shares were deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value, until additional paid in capital was exhausted and then from retained earnings.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">There were no unsettled share repurchases as of December&#xA0;31, 2009.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Preferred Stock</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has authorized 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with par value of $0.001 per share. None of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding at December&#xA0;31, 2009 and 2008.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Voting Rights</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The holders of each share of common stock shall be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the Company&#x2019;s stockholders.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Employee Stock Purchase Plan</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (&#x201C;ESPP&#x201D;), which reserved a total of 1,166,666 shares of common stock for issuance. The 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan also provides for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance on the first day of each year, beginning with 2003, equal to the lesser of:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td width="4%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2022;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2% of the outstanding shares of the common stock on the first day of the applicable year;</font></p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td width="4%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2022;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">666,666 shares; and</font></p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td width="4%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2022;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">such other amount as the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors may determine.</font></p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Under the Company&#x2019;s ESPP, employees may purchase common stock of the Company through accumulated payroll deductions. The purchase price of the common stock acquired by the employees participating in the ESPP is 85% of the closing price on either the first day of the offering period or the last day of the purchase period, whichever is lower. Through May&#xA0;1, 2006, offering periods were twenty-four months, and the purchase periods were six months. Therefore, each offering period included four six-month purchase periods, and the purchase price for each six-month period was determined by comparing the closing prices on the first day of the offering period and the last day of the applicable purchase period. In this manner, the look-back for determining the purchase price was up to twenty-four months. However, effective May&#xA0;1, 2006, the ESPP was amended so that offering and purchase periods take place concurrently in consecutive six month increments. Under the amended ESPP, therefore, the look-back for determining the purchase price is six months. Employees may invest up to 15% of their gross compensation through payroll deductions. In no event shall an employee be permitted to purchase more than 8,334 shares of common stock during any six-month purchase period. During the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, employees purchased approximately 224,799, 231,068 and 205,416 shares at average prices of $25.65, $21.00 and $18.43 per share, respectively. Cash received from purchases under the ESPP for the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $5.8 million, $4.9 million and $3.8 million, respectively. As of December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2,841,730 shares were available for future issuance under the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock Option Plans</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In December 1997, the Company adopted the 1997 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in October 2001. The 1997 Stock Plan provides for the issuance of stock purchase rights, incentive stock options or non-statutory stock options. In November 2007, the 1997 Stock Plan expired and, as a result, there were no shares reserved for future issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options under the 1997 Stock Plan as of December&#xA0;31, 2009.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in May 2006. The 2002 Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options and stock purchase rights to employees, directors and consultants. As of December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2,591,267 shares were reserved for future grant under the 2002 Stock Plan.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">A summary of the activities related to the Company&#x2019;s options is as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="33%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Shares&#xA0;Available<br /> for Grant</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom" rowspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="4" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Options Outstanding</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br /> Remaining<br /> Contractual Term<br /> (in Years)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Aggregate<br /> Intrinsic&#xA0;Value<br /> (in&#xA0;Thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Number of<br /> Shares</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br /> Exercise Price</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balances as of December&#xA0;31, 2006</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,605,184</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,453,453</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14.23</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Granted</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,103,522</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,103,522</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">21.72</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Exercised</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(828,824</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7.03</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Canceled</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">108,513</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(108,513</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">29.46</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expired</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(615,309</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balances as of December&#xA0;31, 2007</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,994,866</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,619,638</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16.47</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Granted</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(856,733</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">856,733</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">27.98</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Exercised</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,056,641</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13.27</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Canceled</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">54,714</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(54,714</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">28.88</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expired</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balances as of December&#xA0;31, 2008</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,192,515</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,365,016</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18.81</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Granted</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(601,665</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">601,665</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">41.65</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Exercised</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,724,110</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">17.11</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Canceled</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,133</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,133</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12.69</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expired</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(716</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balances as of December&#xA0;31, 2009</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,591,267</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,241,438</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22.74</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.16</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">137,308</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Vested and exercisable at December&#xA0;31, 2009</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,241,438</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22.74</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.16</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">137,308</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company&#x2019;s closing stock price on the last trading day of 2009 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December&#xA0;31, 2009. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company&#x2019;s common stock. Total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $44.7 million, $18.9 million and $13.7 million, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cash received from option exercises for the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $29.5 million, $14.0 million and $5.8 million, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following table summarizes information on outstanding and exercisable options as of December&#xA0;31, 2009:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="28%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="17%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="17%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="17%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="8" nowrap="nowrap" align="center"> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Options Outstanding and Exercisable</b></font></p> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="center"> <p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 48pt" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Exercise Price</b></font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Number of<br /> Options</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br /> Remaining<br /> Contractual Life<br /> (Years)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br /> Exercise Price</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$1.50</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">581,057</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.86</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.50</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;3.00&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$11.92</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">427,176</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.90</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10.79</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$12.38&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$19.48</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">463,604</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5.69</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16.61</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$20.02&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$22.81</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">461,016</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.97</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">21.56</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$22.83&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$26.29</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">462,788</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7.19</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24.67</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$26.35&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$27.24</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">423,664</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.62</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">26.85</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$27.25&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$30.84</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">505,602</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7.07</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">29.19</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$30.89&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$36.51</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">457,751</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.59</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">33.65</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$36.95&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$53.80</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">421,536</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9.49</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">43.23</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$58.23</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37,244</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9.92</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">58.23</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,241,438</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock-Based Compensation</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Vested stock options granted before June&#xA0;30, 2004 can be exercised up to three months following termination of employment. Vested stock options granted after June&#xA0;30, 2004 and before January&#xA0;1, 2007 can be exercised up to one year following termination of employment. For newly granted options, beginning in January 2007, employee stock options will remain exercisable for the full ten year contractual term regardless of employment status. In conjunction with this change, the Company changed its method of calculating the fair value of new stock-based compensation awards granted under its stock option plans from a Black-Scholes model to a lattice-binomial model. The Company believes that the lattice-binomial model is more capable of incorporating the features of the Company&#x2019;s employee stock options than closed-form models such as the Black-Scholes model. The lattice-binomial model has been applied prospectively to options granted in 2007. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using a lattice-binomial model:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="48%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="7" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year&#xA0;Ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Dividend yield</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected volatility</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">46%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;56</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">50%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;60</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">43%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;52</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Risk-free interest rate</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2.60%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;3.62</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.68%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;4.00</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.40%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;4.92</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Suboptimal exercise factor</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.73&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;2.01</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.76&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;2.04</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.77&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;2.09</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The fair value of shares issued under the ESPP is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value shares issued under the ESPP:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="43%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year&#xA0;Ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2009&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2008&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2007&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Dividend yield</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0%</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected volatility</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">42%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;55%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">55%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;60%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">38%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;47%</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Risk-free interest rate</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.16%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;0.35%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.23%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;1.58%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.16%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;5.07%</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected life (in years)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.5</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.5</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.5</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company estimates expected volatility based on a blend of historical volatility of the Company&#x2019;s common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of its common stock. The Company believes that implied volatility of publicly traded options in its common stock is expected to be more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of its common stock.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company bifurcates its option grants into two employee groupings (executive and non-executive) based on exercise behavior and considers several factors in determining the estimate of expected term for each group, including the historical option exercise behavior, the terms and vesting periods of the options granted. In the year ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.87 to 2.01 for executives and 1.73 to 1.76 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives and 3 years for non-executives. In the year ended December&#xA0;31, 2008, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.90 to 2.04 for executives and 1.76 to 1.77 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives and 3 years for non-executives. In the year ended December&#xA0;31, 2007, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 2.06 to 2.09 for executives and 1.77 to 1.78 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 5 years for executives and 4 years for non-executives.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In valuing shares issued under the Company&#x2019;s employee stock options, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the contractual term of the options. In valuing shares issued under the Company&#x2019;s ESPP, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the expected term of the shares. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model. The Company does not use a post-vesting termination rate as options are fully vested upon grant date. The weighted-average fair value of employee stock options granted during 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $17.79, $12.25 and $9.68 per share, respectively. The weighted-average fair value of shares granted under the employee stock purchase plan during 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $14.44, $8.28 and $6.70 per share, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense, net of tax, related to stock option plans and employee stock purchases which was allocated as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="69%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Fulfillment expenses</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$380</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">466</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">427</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Technology and development</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,453</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,890</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,695</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Marketing</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,786</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,886</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,160</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">General and administrative</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,999</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,022</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,694</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based compensation expense before income taxes</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,618</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,264</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,976</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Income tax benefit</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(5,017</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(4,585</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(4,760</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total stock-based compensation after income taxes</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,601</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,679</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,216</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> </div> 5765000 29509000 324335000 58416000 56560000 5999000 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> </p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>2.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Short-term Investments</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company&#x2019;s investment policy is consistent with the definition of available-for-sale securities. The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future. The Company&#x2019;s policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return. From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price. Short-term investments are therefore classified as available-for-sale securities and are reported at fair value as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="53%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>December&#xA0;31, 2009</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Amortized<br /> Cost</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br /> Unrealized<br /> Gains</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br /> Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Estimated<br /> Fair Value</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">82,362</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">915</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(106</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83,171</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">96,998</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">72</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(416</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">96,654</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,262</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">143</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,193</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">185,622</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,130</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(734</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td height="16"></td> <td height="16" colspan="13"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>December&#xA0;31, 2008</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Amortized<br /> Cost</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br /> Unrealized<br /> Gains</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br /> Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Estimated<br /> Fair Value</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">45,482</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">440</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(727</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">45,195</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">92,378</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,812</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(244</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">93,946</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">19,446</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">15</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,249</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">157,306</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,267</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,183</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">157,390</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following tables show the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company&#x2019;s investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="45%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="19" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31, 2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Less Than</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>or Greater</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br /> Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br /> Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25,982</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(106</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25,982</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(106</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">85,391</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(414</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,279</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">88,670</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(416</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">280</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">768</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(211</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,048</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">111,653</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(521</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,047</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(213</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">115,700</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(734</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td height="16"></td> <td height="16" colspan="21"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="19" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31, 2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Less Than</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>or Greater</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br /> Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22,806</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(692</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,316</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(35</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24,122</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(727</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,128</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(244</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,128</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(244</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">15,511</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">15,511</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">50,445</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,148</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,316</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(35</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">51,761</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,183</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, the Company does not consider those investments with an unrealized loss to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December&#xA0;31, 2009. There were no material other-than-temporary impairments or credit losses related to available-for-sale securities in 2009, 2008 or 2007.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The gross realized gains on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the three years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 were $1.9 million, $4.9 million and $0.8 million, respectively. The gross realized losses on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the three years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 were $0.4 million, $1.8 million and $0.1 million, respectively. Realized gains and losses and interest income are included in interest and other income (expense).</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The estimated fair value of short-term investments by contractual maturity as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 is as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="84%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="8%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in&#xA0;thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Due within one year</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">44,455</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Due after one year and through 5 years</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">137,763</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Due after 5 years and through 10 years</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Due after 10 years</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,800</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total short-term investments</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company measures certain financial assets at fair value on a recurring basis, including cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="55%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="11" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair Value Measurements at December&#xA0;31, 2009</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Quoted&#xA0;Prices&#xA0;in<br /> Active Markets<br /> for Identical<br /> Assets</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br /> Other<br /> Observable<br /> Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br /> Unobservable<br /> Inputs</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 1)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 2)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 3)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="11" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current Assets:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market funds (1)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total current assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,708</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td height="8"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-current Assets:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market funds (3)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total non-current assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">189,537</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,519</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="58%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="11" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair Value Measurements at December&#xA0;31, 2008</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Quoted&#xA0;Prices&#xA0;in<br /> Active Markets<br /> for Identical<br /> Assets</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br /> Other<br /> Observable<br /> Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br /> Unobservable<br /> Inputs</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 1)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 2)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 3)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current Assets:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="4"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market funds (1)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60,930</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60,930</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cash equivalents (1)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16,600</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16,600</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">157,390</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">157,390</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total current assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">234,920</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60,930</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">173,990</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td height="8"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-current Assets:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market funds (3)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total non-current assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">236,849</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">62,859</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">173,990</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Included in cash and cash equivalents in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets.</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 4px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Included in short-term investments in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets.</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 4px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Included in other non-current assets in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets.</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The hierarchy level assigned to each security in the Company&#x2019;s available-for-sale portfolio and cash equivalents is based on its assessment of the transparency and reliability of the inputs used in the valuation of such instrument at the measurement date. The Company did not have any material financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&#xA0;31, 2009. See Note 4 for further information regarding the fair value of the 8.50% senior notes.</font></p> </div> <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>3.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Balance Sheet Components</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Content Library, Net</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Content library and accumulated amortization consisted of the following:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="75%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Content library, gross</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">742,802</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">637,336</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Less: accumulated amortization</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(596,663</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(520,098</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">146,139</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">117,238</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Less: Current content library, net</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37,329</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,691</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Content library, net</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">108,810</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">98,547</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Property and Equipment, Net</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="53%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Computer equipment</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3&#xA0;years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">62,132</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">44,598</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operations and other equipment</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5&#xA0;years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">65,059</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">59,061</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Software, including internal-use software</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1-3 years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">35,401</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30,060</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Furniture and fixtures</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3 years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,421</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,304</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Building</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30 years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">40,681</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">40,681</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Leasehold improvements</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" colspan="3" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Over&#xA0;life&#xA0;of&#xA0;lease</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">35,156</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">33,124</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Capital work-in-progress</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">15,097</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,958</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Property and equipment, gross</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">265,947</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">223,786</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Less: Accumulated depreciation</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(134,294</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(98,838</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Property and equipment, net</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">131,653</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">124,948</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Capital work-in-progress as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 consists primarily of approximately $13.1 million of operations equipment and $1.9 million of software not yet in service, and approximately $0.1 million of leasehold improvements.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Other Assets</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other assets consisted of the following:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="76%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Patents, net</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,639</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,844</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Investment in business</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,700</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted cash</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Debt issuance costs, net</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,966</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,866</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,122</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,300</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,595</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted cash of $2.8 million and $1.9 million, as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, related to workers&#x2019; compensation insurance deposits.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Accrued Expenses</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued expenses consisted of the following:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="76%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued state sales and use tax</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,625</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,127</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued payroll and employee benefits</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,427</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,956</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued settlement costs</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,409</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued interest on debt</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,597</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued content acquisition costs</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,810</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,237</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,928</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,665</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total accrued expenses</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">33,387</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">31,394</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> </div> 169810000 219490000 64217000 193044000 71000 380000 4453000 1786000 189000 12618000 12382000 5765000 29508000 398850000 224799 1724110 1000 -7371314 10000 115860000 25495000 -100020000 -37558000 0 -625000 12264000 4612000 81499000 761133000 910234000 -5905000 32454000 1.36 1.32 5220000 5220000 6327000 3130000 13350000 0 -101000 0 49662000 454427000 131500000 40494000 48474000 7111000 -1824000 11462000 -9137000 4181000 2458000 2458000 199713000 -176635000 -144960000 284037000 83026000 332921000 121506000 -1527000 12452000 199904000 256959000 1062000 6000000 43790000 18872000 0 0 3170000 304163000 0 18368000 0 823000 89873000 1364661000 12264000 4853000 14019000 99884000 100020000 62836000 60961000 6022000 149101000 209757000 48290000 162849000 -1000 466000 3890000 1886000 -1527000 12264000 4612000 4853000 14019000 99881000 231068 1056641 -3847062 3000 -3491084 83026000 100020000 0001065280 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2007-01-01 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2007-01-01 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2007-01-01 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2007-01-01 2007-12-31 0001065280 2007-01-01 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2009-12-31 0001065280 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2008-12-31 0001065280 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2007-12-31 0001065280 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2006-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2006-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2006-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2006-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2006-12-31 0001065280 2006-12-31 0001065280 2009-06-30 0001065280 2010-01-31 shares iso4217:USD iso4217:USD shares Stock-based compensation included in expense line items: Fulfillment expenses $ 380 $ 466 $ 427 Technology and development 4,453 3,890 3,695 Marketing 1,786 1,886 2,160 General and administrative 5,999 6,022 5,694
101 - Statement - Statement Of Financial Position Classified link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 102 - Statement - Statement Of Financial Position Classified (Parenthetical) link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 103 - Statement - Statement Of Income link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 104 - Statement - Statement Of Income (Parenthetical) link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 105 - Statement - Statement Of Shareholders Equity And Other Comprehensive Income link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 106 - Statement - Statement Of Cash Flows Indirect link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 107 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 108 - Disclosure - Short-term Investments link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 109 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 110 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 111 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 112 - Disclosure - Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 113 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 114 - Disclosure - Income Taxes link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 115 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plan link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 116 - Disclosure - Related Party Transaction link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 117 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 118 - Disclosure - Document Information link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 119 - Disclosure - Entity Information link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink 120 - Disclosure - Common Domain Members link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink
Accounts Payable, Current Accounts payable Amortization of discounts and premiums on investments Amortization of discounts and premiums on investments Accrued Liabilities, Current Accrued expenses Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment, Net of Tax Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Additional Paid in Capital, Common Stock Additional paid-in capital Additional Paid-in Capital Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Share-based Compensation, Requisite Service Period Recognition, Value Stock-based compensation expense Excess stock option income tax benefits Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amendment Flag The current period expense charged against earnings on content library to recognize the cost of the assets over their useful lives. Amortization of content library Amortization of debt issuance costs Total assets Total assets Assets Total current assets Total current assets Current assets: Available-for-sale Securities, Current Short-term investments Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents Commitments and contingencies Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block] Commitments and Contingencies Common Stock Common stock, par value Common stock, shares authorized Common stock, issued and outstanding Common stock, $0.001 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2009 and 2008; 53,440,073 and 58,862,478 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively Comprehensive income, net of taxes Comprehensive income, net of taxes Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used within one year. Current content library, net Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content and DVDs which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used beyond one year. Content library, net Subscription Total cost of revenues Total cost of revenues Cost of revenues: Current Fiscal Year End Date Deferred taxes Deferred Revenue, Current Deferred revenue Deferred tax assets Depreciation of property, equipment and intangibles Details of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts Balance Sheet Components Document Information [Text Block] Document Period End Date Document Type Net income per share: Earnings Per Share, Basic Basic Earnings Per Share, Diluted Diluted Entity Central Index Key Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Entity Current Reporting Status Entity [Domain] Entity Filer Category Entity Public Float Entity Registrant Name Entity [Text Block] Entity Voluntary Filers Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Equity Component [Domain] Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation Excess Tax Benefit from Share-based Compensation, Operating Activities Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation Fulfillment expenses incurred in operating and staffing the Company's shipping and customer service center, including costs attributable to receiving, inspecting and warehousing the Company's content library. Fulfillment expenses also include credit card fees. Fulfillment expenses Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Other Assets Gain on disposal of DVDs Gain on sale of short-term investments Gain on sale of short-term investments Gain on disposal of DVDs Gain on disposal of DVDs Gain on sale of investment in business Gain on sale of investment in business Loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment Loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment Gain on legal settlement Gain on legal settlement General and administrative Gross Profit Gross Profit Income before income taxes Income before income taxes Income Statement [Abstract] Income Taxes Income taxes paid Provision for income taxes Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable Accounts payable Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities Accrued expenses The net change during the reporting period in the aggregate value of the Company's streaming content. Content library Content library Increase (Decrease) in Deferred Revenue Deferred revenue Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other assets and liabilities Other assets and liabilities Prepaid expenses and other current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Interest Expense Interest expense Interest paid Legal Entity [Axis] Total liabilities Total liabilities Total liabilities and stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Total current liabilities Total current liabilities Current liabilities: Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities Long-term debt Long-term Debt [Text Block] Long-term Debt Marketing Net cash used by financing activities Net cash used by financing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Net cash used in investing activities Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from investing activities: Net cash provided by operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Net income Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract] Notes to Financial Statements [Abstract] Total operating expenses Total operating expenses Operating expenses: Operating income Operating income Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Other current assets Other non-current assets Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes Other Income (Expense) [Abstract] Other income (expense): Other non-current liabilities Current portion of lease financing obligations Lease financing obligations, excluding current portion Interest and other income (expense) Parent Company [Member] The cash outflow for acquisition of DVD content library. Acquisitions of content library Acquisitions of content library The net change during the reporting period in the value of other assets used in investing activities. Other assets Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock Repurchases of common stock Purchases of short-term investments Purchases of short-term investments Acquisition of intangible asset Acquisition of intangible asset Investment in business Investment in business Purchases of property and equipment Purchases of property and equipment Preferred stock, par value Preferred stock, shares authorized Preferred stock, shares issued Preferred stock, shares outstanding Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2009 and 2008; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008 Prepaid expenses Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for revenue sharing expenses in advance of when the expense should be recognized, which will occur within one year or in the normal operating cycle, if longer. Revenue sharing expenses are recorded when either DVDs are shipped to subscribers or streaming content is viewed by subscribers. Prepaid revenue sharing expenses Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issuance costs Borrowings on line of credit, net of issuance costs Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments Proceeds from sale of short-term investments Proceeds from sale of investment in business Proceeds from sale of DVDs Property and equipment, net Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) Related Party Transaction Payments on line of credit Payments on line of credit Principal payments of lease financing obligations Principal payments of lease financing obligations Technology and development Retained earnings Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Revenues Employee Benefit Plan Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations Share-based Compensation Stock-based compensation expense Number of shares of stock held by shareholders. Shares, Outstanding Ending Balance (in shares) Beginning Balance (in shares) Disclosure of short term investments Short Term Investments [Text Block] Short-term Investments Statement, Equity Components [Axis] Statement [Line Items] Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract] Statement of Financial Position [Abstract] Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Statement [Table] Stock-based compensation expense associated with fulfillment expense. Stock-based compensation, Fulfillment expenses Stock-based compensation expense associated with general and administrative expense. Stock-based compensation, General and administrative Stock Based Compensation Expense Associated With Marketing Expense Stock-based compensation, Marketing Stock based compensation expense associated with technology and development expense Stock-based compensation, Technology and development Total stockholders' equity Ending Balance Beginning Balance Total stockholders' equity Stockholders' equity: Stockholders' Equity Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan (in shares) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Repurchases of common stock (in shares) Repurchases of common stock Repurchases of common stock Supplemental disclosure: Trading Symbol Treasury Stock Treasury stock, shares Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury (in shares) Treasury stock at cost (3,491,084 shares at December 31, 2008) Treasury stock at cost (3,491,084 shares at December 31, 2008) Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic Basic
begin 644 g75635g84f66.jpg M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0V\4&AO=&]S:&]P(#,N,``X0DE-`^T` M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA"24T$&0`` M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````".$))30/U``````!(`"]F9@`!`&QF9@`& M```````!`"]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4` M```!`"T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________ M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______ M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________ M`^@``#A"24T$"```````$`````$```)````"0``````X0DE-!!X```````0` M````.$))300:``````!M````!@`````````````!;````D`````&`& )E\K.$P]-U MX_-&)Y2DA;25Q-3D]*6UQ=7E]59F=H:6IK;&UN;V-T=79W>'EZ>WQ]?G]Q$` M`@(!`@0$`P0%!@ +RLX3#TW7C\T:4 MI(6TE 7I[?'_]H`#`,!``(1 M`Q$`/P#TZW+JJN;2X/+G`$%K'.;J=NKV- YGYPK] MR2G/;BX;6-8#8=H@O=C. ]SZ7.? M8G-.)&C2//[&?&?]!_86ENRO]'7_`-N'_P!));LK_1U_]N'_`-))* S$L:X?RF.V'W+0W97^CK_`.W#_P"D MDMV5_HZ_^W#_`.DDE.8S&PVM:V'OVM#-S\9Y :?3V, "_P#S4,X^0;*FG)>'-8_ W_`-))*3?9 _9 M4UON1O4R/4K)IAY8_ &/W.:T`'W,_-=OVI*2>KD?Z#_`*02]7(_T'_2"7I7?Z8_YK?[DO2N M_P!,?\UO]R2E>KD?Z#_I!+U E=_IC_FM_N2]*[_3'_-;_ KD?Z#_I!+U 7#1K1N [.OWLV'TJM)G\ M[(1?2N_TQ_S6_P!R'2US 'DT8MV0]K_0?;573Z[RZO>UCG,^R[_5_2-^A_.+ M9NNMKL8UE+K6OG Z9Z0.,VWU2=67V90('[WIXC,RS_K;_157JG5,2KI5^1=F=0KKIK+K M; Q_5'6_]%U:ZC[7E?]P;O\ZG_P!+)GY-[VEC\"US7"'-+J2"/,>L MDIPFW=.=6U[LO.J#FM 8ZC1TF^_IP9UVF MO(9D%U477V&P^G96^AMG[0=9C[F6_P`\U^__``?^%_2679[L'T?MF[+J=[+' MXU]EUC3^9:[T/2]1COH6;L7%]+_26K=.3>XM I[+*ZF_I-S_Y[U43.QJ\\3D=,L-K6EM60UU+; MJY_/Q\@7>K0_^56Y5,7HN)1C,Q[^GY/4`QH87YUU>2YT?G.;?D/J_P"VZZTE M,KNL_52G0]3K>^=HJJRGVV%W[K*,>VRY[OZM:ET;JF'E=7S,7&JR&>G10\V7 MBP!TNR![/7+GM5S&`Q&;,7I;J&'EM7H,'W,M:B8MMMF;>;*GTQ55#7EIGW7^ MX>D^Q)3_`/_3]2M%QV^DYK8=[]P+I;W:V',VN5/[1 TQV##_`.356J\MR++7ML %D*(]3FMV@Q M)"4FN#*5)QI!44(S-38H0]-%53=WT5.UJ#F96BD1`0`"`@("`P$``@("`P`` M```!$5$"(1(Q88$B4D%Q,I%BL8*R$R/_V@`,`P$``A$#$0`_`._B@4"@4"@4 M"@ICW\T25QVW)^WKB`*42_+FG1$L3&6O I+6OEN[P 6!Q^+P\7CAX?[;4J#MME%#-FGG]/=IR?VF,9MQWI4QZ] M/K/9^9TSP&1'$N37SU4WC/1N#8J7MIQI"M&,)I-CN7)L(L0P!":4(;@B=Y\- MY0[;EV8)_$XW.(IIVTVN48ES(VR..N1IJYJ$XLCPD*7MCA9O>'I`YIBEJ,\! MH+'$ECN`5K\'!>U*@[;98G)="FRM$I3E2%ONEO#B238;PS;4!-6L,6EIXPXI M`4]FK)-'SR58TLJ"U68Q66IV\:A2C$K1V.`#GJ7E7!>V6UI=M6;1\"97J13+ M2I@&-LD=;T[J^.#J6X)B6IM5J[H$BY;83URA*94N# U*@ M[;9:G9]"6S!(74IG8M)6+7=0?(,@QQ,>@A4Q/0*5N*LF8ZQ!D-60NLKLG&S1 M6>Y0;4BE;PV3 _!>E0G;;+VO!QVP? D5%AK"0,F)I.M@Y+\MBTB18O TY+UJD=BTZ-&MNJ5*#+VO> MQ9* UO[`VO>E0G;;+5+5H0V67H>0B&W2QA]0KQ9F.'X'G""\3EY"Y MGR+/9;%H1$T04JA44:O9'B2S!&F+=$]C6[C@4VN=82138IP7MEX%:%=E,UPS MHV6TN8?LKTXJV%'E4DN&SA8>V'29`-6QV8$;>-6OF@G- W'+'#]%VS@22@)!H0*/DBZ8JX)>!EX'RX3/$DA10T&0#K*(PM M3I5IC/>(G`5@ XL]I$JYI?V^UGFQA[6O2+2 M1EG6#Q+V,#\O#>E0=MLOK%[0NU>:>6E*T?X,,5&B7!*3%D+QGF";#2B'()9( M7RY@Q-YYX`'VM;]D,8;#X+WM2H.VV7C;:'VK1)B5H=(&"Q(U*DM$G5V)773' MK#E?,"DA)]GSDC5)J[]B$L-[C$;\RUN-\E*@[;9?,>]IO:H8$C@K5Z-L/*;M M0V@+BB:V9Z='-&%[7E-[<>H;43L _$+%>RH.VV7K1 M7:LVCYPPL$GB.E3`,@8)42>HCCJVEN!Z5[)2B.`J&VBZ:L)5S82 QH`F7&0!.$1E@A,+N)4';;+\I7M9;2L*\W@R'2'A9*;*9"P1 MAC3DM3TK4K723.R)D:KA3IG8TX*$QS U*@[;99,#:%V MKS#>;EZ/\&&'W5G(+$@(7C-Y\F(YTH1 0 U^"E0=MLOV\'';!]R[#7^['?RQ2H.VV3P MKE&G/5J]&N%$J1*2:I5*E*%S(3IDY`!&G'GG&O(2R222PW$(0KV"$-KWO M?@I4';;+`W;;+V;V)J T!&8A(9 MVYZ6,$'1:+)N=/;BQMS[*#D_'$66G1I6J,N3N[NCLO4&@)2(DB ]'.RI%X8[364Z-HS&2&*6"A#O&WW"N7V^;I9&7!EN3CTY41 M-0=,N3>1CIL5O(EZ0M0W\T2'VL? W=HE6BR+&(XQ MCJ-Y:F4JCF) U7;(X+M8;2^1HE"9M%-(6%UK%D*& ML 1*68A([*E+5>5%SLQC5O5R' I*T@8+,3NPP%M2@LE C9EKZO6F,ST!G;43>-!92!R M>!.UF]`M"2Y%'V(-,`9=->YMK FN4,3%&*B@B,M:X`B,#:]^$5N%4';;+4N8=N3:0PE%5$ MTE>AZ&/$=;SE1+PM@F/)E.1,/,P%C/-?$\ ZH.VV7SG3:[VC6>2QF)N&DO!Y+Q+@R;H4-F]V,1&FQ!4SH'U M(I UB/F%@:/ #U0%B0"]().E FD9L+ FK&*D5TS@0.XPAO8-C@ [B,-1&EB" ME0=MLL 98DCSQ+%,?1@"]"O=T) MCK`K5B*%Q1 #^/9]XO(M*LP)2D M7^R08*P1W#>]K4J#MME]$.SGM?C"$8-&&&1@&&P@B"W.P@B"*W"$016>+VN& M]K\-KVI4';;+0VJK:6VWX7I?U(3&+:0L2,DGB>! R)T M:'1((;J,`5*!P2EFEWO:]K#!;AM>E01M-QRWYLYB$+;"T77$(0KVPRU!M &__9"`-K6M_P!%K ,9&U)8W>Y=,(C%0PEE=6 MG(,ZB02HT6[N3Z0WGH(V_MK:H$0Z/"HP)PB>7ORUPB&((2P@4L;3'A3#JO\` MTOV% PAJ#5!US>"P"N&4U&\_P!2TQU^G%VW6N`PMLR7BM\E&0VZ+,2" 7(LQ26EMPA3!-Y,-[V#:]U).\_P`E)_*&VRA% MB#)>,]/3I'L7'(\)1+$6GA2]+9;(4T19VN!9#QO,8I.U:M2N?'Z'3B'SL:0V MYAZ\Y.K*3N02AK&]'P*+R^#D/;JF\YR#G.4. >V"#S831@E-.RX5`AQ9L3(U;A,)>662T-PDK0CNA(``6V$KT/RE&C@MX MN'%K2.*9+S5D1PCR6SBSL;MUC;@FGK5PP,]U;=$C;VZ/QWA G^ M&9.OG&2).[3*7+T.7 PX""K=4 T_,;;"FV5BC(,)R?#L+2E++L>RE MCF X;JA.VV6] MYEHQFC@]M4RATJBS/*C=2[5D>>$K>F@M,]PLQZBX_J*C\,7F(T@Q)IS$Y5&2 MQ-#@:F6$("75X3%VL%S-.!4N&MXQM^94AZ2ZT.8(YDEWR5AZ>0W4-$\K0Z). M6+)7-IGE`&=U:V-LD6@4;DJZ)K DA,Y, 8M2697;+ S) MYUIKU P:;C) 6* M#9JLYLY73I5+BN0IV>YII;J5%N&G '>+..VG*=*35C%&)"U-9A@';,3P8\\QLH)1FIU0S1&65CN&A?BY;(>M#LT M>&Y^ 3\KB5 &Z&+;2:3:UR@LQ M+*L6.>3(FQN,IZG6@>368MK+E+&1A*-962$9!C:#&F)L#!23++ZO(=H_)2W% M .-QY8B4-QI$H^;`!PDEW^8&L,CH%!J+/.#,::EL0SG!>8617( M\;9%:R6>5,R%]?8TK6HTSBB=DMB7J-.+4\)!$.3 Q9X2SK`N4:$PD9A8Q M$URH@U+?IK]$TOPW*8]I?C(\19H7G,/FOD" *,AX[,8',I4J->'9S>4$C;#EP%"7D22TPB#0\-Q#XY=P\4Q1.^%O.(M MIS2?I7QYFZ,Z5\;LT7? L&5WK&LGSHZ3F39(QW"I/%83)6# M)2+)J,PUC G229))"BC3E&\:.37C^1%D MJU+Y"\LH9U$YO!INF2E"2$.#,U+(V(ER0#4E@=6]0>@/"-*J/# 830/N5DI#\/(L6>\4:>$F%7C%&,CE V;; 4J>&ML>:E:C$1!4/&G:R"6U:!O(Y0!* V'A+=NV:O#]#!, M\PBC=$&6=3QT(CJ-'#T2+&K"^ZM\A:CV%\QN1(,(SU]0ROH23,[6K3Q]Z@@B ME F9?`)!&V;"C\**2/*,XG&.I*C6LT'SE*)YD5SDK M;UBN2&&2(\XYD:E#:M( , M6!J96]NA;&?!T;>R':;)W@=V@+&TWA,IF'FM&Y!.#G]D, 0L/X6A2='&6HYC8`SG'L5/C G-[^JDYQIX&Z>Q-,GNL764)'0E8:0*+$T_) M?H+O,68:228KTKP8@F/9F;FJ%XYC#LLB""33;#T!Q1$IVH&^1U`F52=.3$5` MCE"=J0GMC2:D;PF.1B0;@I%^W[2#0&Z/=IT[)'B!,.0,A*\NIY'D=,R*UDH= MXWD/3Y' W" =BGH!+P M*9HJO9M 1=)BB)S][GTLAZMM3MD+DSSC73.0CUA+ M 01M"J;+&J"BXV$7YY2]T689=(&[YJE MSJE>4L>/FSUC7`R"11YWBSJRZ?8W-YSD1A;AQR1)$3VR@03[*[^R(AF%$])Q M>.L*F]AVXA@A,^&HHCMVC;(_!B9(#%;M,8VQ8.B+E,!1\QR=38CCG2F[:?)? M'43BX,I3B-DD+J_KCP(AF%)U+ 33\>R5U 1D!>G(`V-8-4 M F8;"9; MS,N S1XQQ/\2+^*M(BB M0#\QXZQ-J#Q>Y3XDZ$X%QN2T9">E6 5XQ0$A`QV'8\(`7J6BN;MT9,6LT)8U$OQN@DK/"@HUNH%(0]KLRQ&0' M;>S]HG4QB!"5L1!I\03S%Q*G92Y2\I!#5F*$PVNQP@KZBVQU9MJ9+=8 ]K _B@4"@4"@4"@TCJ'TY8:U68M>,+9[B`YSC5^ @&9>^1K1 M^(.I2]I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\(;0=Z`9E[Y& MM'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\(;0=Z`9E[Y M&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\(;0=Z`9E[ MY&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\(;0=Z`9E M[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\(;0=Z`9 ME[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\(;0=Z` M9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\(;0=Z M`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\(;0= MZ`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\(;0 M=Z`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\(; M0=Z`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\( M;0=Z`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD\ M(;0=Z`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1VD M\(;0=Z`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1V MD\(;0=Z`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I1 MVD\(;0=Z`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B#I M1VD\(;0=Z`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B# MI1VD\(;0=Z`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T?B M#I1VD\(;0=Z`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T? MB#I1VD\(;0=Z`9E[Y&M'X@Z4=I/"&T'>@&9>^1K1^(.E':3PAM!WH!F7OD:T M?B#I1VEZJW9YT!.2-6W..- F/1+T"W6#K+5(UJ-44,A4D5I3]0!A"E, MI(,$`PL81`&`5[7M>UZ4=I6`XVQM!,/0*)XOQC%VN%P"#,B..Q.+,I(B6UE9 MT!?)ITB LLWH%!__2[^*#669,K1S"&,Y7 ME*6$.*IBB:1(>J2-(4//E:AR -/N8&.>YECSO(V^&CD6"$"5N;&HG&IZ5T02Z> M9AQ\QS5GEQ.3TIC'=FYXXK`M[B6H1)%*$].$M>V2/VO'$D852,Q^BN54$7;' M/*T9B,ZM%VA=&\KSO"THO!YYCW':-MDRR7FRQ/,B5+:WV>&IG0O)R)08@4J4 MQ?+W%-L1C4A"'B"9@G $]T`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`9'%8O*R84_.R9,!ND2R--\ MR:DYJ5>D7&()!$G10A22:+/Q"4:!U064HSE3:J/+)4ICA`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`S)( M(^]M>+XPD O3%G$F!O80#`6O;Y;4J"-IN.4Y-% MWW.M)WX:,$_RMBM5)\RDO1"@_]3OXH%`H%`H%`H*T-UO[M>/?QDZ'?\`53BJ MI+6OE9?59*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0 M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*"-&M'[G6K'\-&=OY6RJBQY@ MT7? M8-%WW.M)WX:,$_RMBM"?,I+T0H/_UN_B@U1G')_4QB>;9/\`-Q=*_-!K+ B2IUT?@T+ &Y&O22.Y31:QW/$*Y5&JYF'VC=P6.IG;-@#FS%BYNQ-(9["FB(,> #L`H4FIQTC;1DMOQFJS"W`B96'G MEFE*Y/-7F?EPDUT;W5-)(:NC![ 4[8])DBE:F1O;8%9S=80`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`W,AJE,> E/.)&%?#/M5X$%C,Z+31WF,FR(_O&+Y%-LK-SL*%NCTY8R M%BZR)J;XW"@1Z)ML85(\4($W)F(U#A ):;% ML$>:2H:QQB!15$C0IV>R2XQEC/5#4J3SSC!;7Y>B$D$L)RO?4%FE1GM"W- .(=&X-&BG!:>Y.(6.*LZ-D:[N3FIN)4YN(T:(`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`A^= /?QDZ'?\`53BJI+6OE9?59*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*#CSDHP[ MG^M/ 7T!]@W M4IR5$?$.UAEEB#/ZZ>-8C^RZ==%WW.M)WX:,$_RMBM5B?,I+T0H/_]'OXH%` MH%`H%`H*T-UO[M>/?QDZ'?\`53BJI+6OE9?59*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!05);U.LE9H]T.SM3"U)U\UYT.M@K##>VW--?0R2 E+.\\R\J+`F MY5;E::XHD#G*2#U"2XB5X(P`*=C2J.&]S4#41>]Z?PF;VM81HN^YUI._#1@G M^5L5JI/F4EZ(4'__TN_B@U1G&:R['6)YM-8)#ET]E;`U%JFJ,-K:\/:Q5 DTZQ;').7CA9((Y'XE!I=,\3P^43G)T6?R%DAQ=+F1WR>2T)XT:H7'N;K $$U0F%J MS"F,N2.,Q;\FP 6J2EJR/&R=C1.RE@5KDY929>I9%*H:4P\D-B3QE7&7P@$&]ZRJ0 MWB]76"()`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`3%*M00E(!>XS3`%A$*RV8UFX6):+ON=:3OPT8)_E;%:J M3YE)>B%!_]/OXH,*R+`&#)\.>(1)1.Q+4\='G 6%^;$RU* (]M322IQLE@4ZQBP91>C7"`/4CRED M!D89+DZ3O6.TF/VME.52AU:UJEK9AQ_&+.T&-2'F[=T,EYI8KB#,N,MRSY?H M@T_NRR2"=621+V!^!DDQLA`I &Y" MM/%RR5+XJ)' :'8$CF:,VV;LWFCSEFQR M /?QDZ'?\`53BJI+6OE9?59*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0* M!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*#F+U1A MON?[SF'=(2/BN^F7;R0AS7G\/&"KCLLR@ 8-%WW.M)WX:, M$_RMBM"?,I+T0H/_U>_B@4"@4"@4"@K0W6_NUX]_&3H=_P!5.*JDM:^5E]5D MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!$K73JHCFBW2CFC4?(1(3CL?Q%69$F9>:(LJ4 M9!>!`98%&+!)OSHPIXE*]*6H$580R$?+'WX`%#%8L1 98)YQJ]M>54A.N:$)H%D@/*%P M\F&]2%VGFOY"\"JRC1K1^YUJQ_#1G;^5LJHL>8-%WW.M)WX:,$_RMBM"?,I+ MT0H/_];OXH-/Y\D>0XGB*9ON)VEN?LBI4C L % MB !+)E-X%I W8HF:B#HXH\-N0&E3CE### ER5H6K2$JIQ9"U2P?,E0RP75I.3.XMK#M:JD\2JCWC M-2/F?`8;BOJ$U)RGH_4=HWG76/#L6]-XJ6]#:BH"_P#F:WR_IU+SF>.O1/,D M3=S 8?3X=OUYKTB8+6F:40(2U2 ME:H:FPJ'2GFQ2Q4I2V`.5%G 086:6`80C2T:"]++3&&6*]7"AQ2-C#YL/+FY3. X.3"A3H>7D)KF:2C3E$%"`446$)&"EZ-=.1+"./$P) _C)T._P"JG%526M?*R^JR4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4" M@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4" M@4&D=2>>H7I>P+EC4'D(P88EB:$O,O W$YTJ+XU[!X;V+$7-*9]@[`TR68LS)N'9T*"NSWKSR`]3T+DJ# G`<>;6\!W&&TMT@?SEBPI.3 :CQ#H&JL%!&C6C]S MK5C^&C.W\K9518\P:+ON=:3OPT8)_E;%:$^927HA0?_0[^*!0*!0*!0*"M#= M;^[7CW\9.AW_`%4XJJ2UKY67U62@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4" M@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@YJ=Z652+61J M:TA;0>+7=:BZV98UYHU,/C.9RHHOBN+W 18XEK:'5[LE66*`->E M9>"]^ 8-%WW.M)W MX:,$_P`K8K0GS*2]$*#_T>_B@4"@4"@4"@K0W6_NUX]_&3H=_P!5.*JDM:^5 ME]5DH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!@V3 ]A6.X:D9; MVXK6'1W58*!01HUH_ (7`0LFGZ-X@S:[8IC>8$ MO`G9YDXJ\?,S"2JEA+XZO# IL ,517-:C4FBA&""Y84\/$2R4-5AQI2B MAAV-R6P\$-23,@Q3'%+H"/'F$77BL("L$7BKI85I=R3( /.0,4)-0FCN3MV [82'0W(,` MYKU1NS#(PQ@O49A3*LAGF,(PXO3H:TDG0ER3L4(:5TEB/.U3D\.21-="RJRQ MV$1=0,M.&M8B/M?"U7#> 4;2TNA EI^)B;$OQ_($KO)3F-G>3'9Z*8F\TQ4)(E" M)0IL5R9=KC$&GP1$7'V6?Z+ON=:3OPT8)_E;%:J3YE)>B%!__]/OXH/C2*.1 MZ7L3O%I8PLTHC+^WJ6E^CLB:T+VQ/;6M*$0L;7=H Y-ZLD=P&DG%C+,# M>]A6O:@TRU:4=,3+&8+#D.GO#/FUC(/_``^:UV-HBZE1`\9B,Y0X,9SJTK52 M)X7JF\D]4M"9SM6I+" 2,LH`;AO8-K6(\HWA_$L-21M!#\ M78ZBB"&C?C(@BC R^Z4)5UEKWL;QZ#&; M::].=H>HQY;`.%+0!4_AE:J#6Q7!;0]3*0I;(`R51&>@NA3G\*$-B;+!$746 M*MQ./Q?DHMSEN8@@E,22F3$E)TZ /?QDZ'?]5.*JDM:^5E]5DH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H/EOC MVT1ED>))('%(SL,?:W![>W9> W$1JZ7ZK!0*!01HUH_ 8J0Q:2JQ-4/Q>S/[T\N`;?X8=T03S=0%P&-/ M+:C6UEV.Y6;/,?P: &1)-# MU7-0J5*9#*U;NA83;F$W*-;%SB.PN,GOP26M8YN?$+:M)VG2(:2M.&'=. 6&FQET;&U806>ZKDI:P@VXR0)@%R6M8B8FUTN*)`OEN+ WKU"D1I)!;@O`46.P0J#[6L:*LL_ MH%`H%`H*T-UO[M>/?QDZ'?\`53BJI+6OE9?59*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0>!AA9 M)9AQQ@"BB@",--,$$!998`W$,PP8KV"```VO>][WM:UK4',AM\EF;EFZYJ4W M(WHL;K@32SSG3;I'4"`(YE>'`DAU1.,Q:C3[7L/@CCVX/8RA%`&2;,DE["L) M+P7GF6Y^NL1_9=.55@H%`H%!&C6C]SK5C^&C.W\K9518\P:+ON=:3OPT8)_E M;%:$^927HA0?_]:V/7UDJ?99SED^'SS'&%YBR0QSE.,(J\N&WMN@OTU20-/- M&>3)&@S,6!LEQ)ADPR7Z+HE9;DR&$I+G`,&DY,I0 US(]Y!PCCIUFI:(B#O2&2K+R0V0,EFU8E9>39XU_;;@G^=Y_CI=E M\Y%E)KGTVF4GSDUFSW$VI3,4N TB-,L&%!9(!L4&-AD7^>.5KNE>53J=:9M/DTR '%P8>8-=XZX.:T\:@]MYN5=O--$GXO[*JD^95;;Q:[6&7`H>G@ M,6TU*\'!U'Z-S6=WF$]RBW96/R8'41C\R/(7*.,N-W2()8*=++(B5JHIU. YEIZTY@Q7/HCHQ:9=JZ7..`,= M(M/^3LZS+,!YLG0`;Y,ZQ=AF^)8(Q\DF0.I#7=7S_G"->](QE%C'?A`FUUC6 M9OGA)?0[ICW2-#^F?'>G7&N+]N50SQ-.XN3L]R#.6I$N2R64R1Q4/3^]R*[1 MIY4MHG$Q6KYN`!)IQ*=*G)(+,&64"]W*3.LS?*6O3F\7ZL-M'V[:I/ASIR?7 MV=.;Q?JPVT?;MJD^'.G)]?9TYO%^K#;1]NVJ3X /`N8`2M5&, MUZE%\E31H6/9%9]/CR!UP`VM:U\):[FB2$J5*=.8HL`)A@`7N*SDCK<>5B6B M[[G6D[\-&"?Y6Q6JD^927HA0?__7O`W:\O8I4ZBX9CAYR9C:=O1>'Y5"8IB6 MVMY#I8?=/.H63.;:[0C/LW,*F452K2@Q\U.!$6K-. !'*9$C8D2*0OA: !,^.19RBP!! MM\PW@O;_`**K#S)QUC].V,K*5"(G9ICC2B86!N%'FDQ(S,K D)#8)91?%`&W]EJ#)D[:W)%*I8E0(DRM:!*6M5)TI!*E66A+&4B+5'EEA- M4`1E&""58=[V+"*]@\%KT'@F:6I$6B)1MK>D*;`&%MQ29&F(+;RS0\4TM$`H ML`4@#0_(*Q=@V%;^V@\+LK-=&8W7:6R[> -\M!].@K0W6_NUX]_&3H=_U4XJJ2UKY67U62@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@4',3A@0-T;>TR%G52$;YI;VQT9>/L6EJK7,8I)GD]Q=$HI.W$W`% M,J&EEK2Z.Q2P@TP5B8^Q&#X`'@#:>9;_`-=:_LNG:JP4"@4"@4$:-:/W.M6/ MX:,[?RME5%CS!HN^YUI._#1@G^5L5H3YE)>B%!__T.DB2:.=>K0@UAXUQLGT M!/V(-5F5LU3QV5Y::,T+,B*6K+-S4B1#*KQYIM&W1=%&BQ)"+C@4@3V(`$(A M``&UHU 5K>"H*\XOPAAO& ,TL1P`&B`.UQAL+AM59;5H%`H%`H*T-UO[M>/?QDZ'?]5.*JDM: M^5E]5DH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H*N=X;6>+1'H;R=/8\MN1EC(95L.X7(3GW* Q3BMX M0`2Y/E*8S*F:%`B+DK3LESE,C6.#2ON,(333H6R)T+#80N#E+-G* MX1!O:]K\%!^U`H%`H*T-UO[M>/?QDZ'?]5.*JDM:^5E]5DH%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H.8J?\`_P#U&WP(KC Z@L+B*;\$\RW_KK[ETZU6"@4"@4"@4$:-:/W.M6/X:,[?RME M5%CS!HN^YUI._#1@G^5L5H3YE)>B%!__TN_B@C+K$0DN6GF;(U3Z_P`;0FNV M.;N;RPPMSR*0E:2 "(1MM.+:$JYI=[HE[ V=6RQ-\R^'$5"HIYR]-F9ON3?59:$9)`Z> G_A?_DMQTK]9'9FT^] =_2''Z5XG[+I#EN3^9Q:K,^95;;QD7U7K8##7>#9= MPTPX9,U':-V]KA+_`(>DCY.DF1C]1,!3,,D6SA+D]K:E\9;Y. ]T;=T#(WQ*TY M+UQ)U7;LOO>Z-NZ!D;XE: N).J[=E][W1MW0,C?$K3DO7$G5=NR^][HV[H&1OB5IR7KB3JNW9? M>]T;=T#(WQ*TY+UQ)U7;LOO>Z-NZ!D;XE: N).J[=E][W1MW0,C?$K3DO7$G5=NR^][HV[H&1O MB5IR7KB3JNW9?>]T;=T#(WQ*TY+UQ)U7;LOO>Z-NZ!D;XE: N).J[=E][W1MW0,C?$K3DO7$G5 M=NR^][HV[H&1OB5IR7KB3JNW9?>]T;=T#(WQ*TY+UQ)U7;LOO>Z-NZ!D;XE: M N).J[=E][W1MW M0,C?$K3DO7$G5=NR^][HV[H&1OB5IR7KB3JNW9?>]T;=T#(WQ*TY+UQ)U7;L MOO>Z-NZ!D;XE: MN).J[=E][W1MW0,C?$K3DO7$G5=NR^][HV[H&1OB5IR7KB3JNW9?>]T;=T#( MWQ*TY+UQ)U7;LOO>Z-NZ!D;XE: N).J[=E][W1MW0,C?$K3DO7$G5=NR^][HV[H&1OB5IR7KB3 MJNW9?>]T;=T#(WQ*TY+UQ)U7;LOO>Z-NZ!D;XE: N).J[=E][W1MW0,C?$K3DO7$G5=NR^][HV M[H&1OB5IR7KB3JNW9?>]T;=T#(WQ*TY+UQ)U7;LOO>Z-NZ!D;XE: N).J[=E][W1MW0,C?$K3D MO7$G5=NR^][HV[H&1OB5IR7KB3JNW9?>]T;=T#(WQ*TY+UQ)U7;LOO>Z-NZ! MD;XE: /!;&.,QAGTG3AM?9;,9*M+;&- MB9%CGJ%=V].K#QS5IIIR1460C1G&B)-"7 M/&/)=J?4H,\Y):\N:>YUDO)B=TE382I8VJ4R]%FF$EGJ4;0IYX ]T;=T#(WQ*TY9O7$G5=NR^][HV[H&1OB5 MIR7KB3JNW9?>]T;=T#(WQ*TY+UQ)U7;LOO>Z-NZ!D;XE: N).J[=E][W1MW0,C?$K3DO7$M"ZJ ML:[H:32_J052[57I(>(FFP+F!1)VAETI9`9GEUCQ./9$8]-K2[J=0[FF:G- B%!_]/O MXH%!^*9,G1IR$B0@E*D2DE)DJ5,4`A.F3D`"400004$)9)))8;!"$-K!"&UK M6MP4'[4"@4"@K0W6_NUX]_&3H=_U4XJJ2UKY67U62@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@ M4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4',9KD MY7 C!.GU$ZJ4UQ +"# 5`H%`H%`H%!&C6C]SK5C^&C.W\K9518\P:+ON=:3OPT8)_E;%: M$^927HA0?__4[^*!0*!0*!0*"M#=;^[7CW\9.AW_`%4XJJ2UKY67U62@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@C5K$U*Q31_IDS+J/F/-SFS%T+ $P.+:Y'#>0UO/-1XA?!58*!0 M*!0*!0*"-&M'[G6K'\-&=OY6RJBQY@T7? ][VM:@^/'Y;%I9'&:7QB1,D@BLB2(%S#(V=S1N#(\HW091;:H;7), 4H1B5-!#FB. )42$NY@>- ]K&$*" M!C*-!>]O[0WO:@]6[TS61F.-W9LLWDJKHC5UUZ6R,I9999OND,5 /?QDZ'?\`53BJI+6OE9?59*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*"I74-NV8;T^;ANGS06^ MMR98KRTWIRIYD,3X!,DQ=+)M NDK:3A*Y6;`61[;=1 MNK]P8E!H%#'$VI"J/:(VXJB1$7:E886N/.)Y2YI0W"3,QM@W,*#:\G#>O$3L MZ66ML;F1L;F9G0I&MH:$*1L:VQ`G*2(6YN0)RTJ%"B2D!`2F2)$Q02RRP6L$ M``VM:UK6JL/>H%`H%`H%`H%!&C6C]SK5C^&C.W\K9518\P:+ON=:3OPT8)_E M;%:$^927HA0?_];OXH(W:MHN1, A^E7..&H'&\D:T:AK`D5#5A3F%CRK`PW@^;2_23I*=G+ M$[DQ2#'>KO3WD"*)(*TY$Q@U23'RW(6+':5YAR'A(R6N#43(0M1+D):K>4I@ M@"(4NZ5.V7 Q)CS) ?&7)6$X/"##L:+ M\J(Y@3% 98HE4Q](UFRM[*#'UI0W),P+4ET"@?Y2+CL-FY^&] M 3A*>L2)X7QG'9J4N ,Q)G5^@,-FL8U83*"X[5:CM&\;1X9;\588?&)LF#AJ*@+ M6UY'(F,AAR^>*7-A>5J9S+;CEQC6> M5L]:$L'Y+G\JWH)(ZY6CD8.58^PBHP/H323J>2UQ,);8TVD1@K%1LGLP]*K" MCG-:2D,"A;2SS[VOR?!=\K%3/^JNO05NM9%U!XM>WC5;O,R'2SEABE2YL#$5 M^F/2BNC\ABPD;>J:)*PO)^"#[7-&H4J$BE(89RQ1B;E+6N6:'@7[6=:\:IV$ M:SL:*#B2"_U')01GFED@$?IJT?IB0C,'8`;G*5."BDZ ]/E*_Z,M[3,-__`-(L-]E.@3[+J?)7_1DC;FYA=4@%J;]2?BDHDP0PA`Y1 MO;49U=KECN`7'0.\*0KB@WN'YMQ%VL*WRVX;7M>GR5_T9`UY%Z ]O^NGRG_I_Y9#TO+/_ M`/0Q#?H/MN_4>GR 4A9PDQBIJP1H) M;R*9-B@PXSDR2Q#%Q0WX`AO>_P`EKT^3C\LF[(NO'\V;,O=1T7?8]3Y+C\G9 M%UX_FS9E[J.B[['J?) MTL:*4J-$C2E M#/5*U:H_$)9"9,F(+$,PP8@@``-[WO:UJ?) %R1L[R@7C;CU:0-Q!*(>DX`W&( MHX=(_P`M;1$5]5M DF,5N0(D)UI)IZT),=R1*0V&G";9SQ8E MN6(\%[7!:_!QK7X; Z5UA^VTD7&C; M+!Y^0E;S819 .((;!XPK6N^3_T:!DFM;&,5N;9S_4;B5 3(*5R'3!'VQ0)>.]PD&%GC(OQ;B&8`%P MBNOVO6?RT@Y;US"6LNWQ7 ^@DQ4K!R7*J#$Z:3,T:/N!$ M&U^5XP0W^2]PV%;Y:7[.OJ'RA;JVN^3A$/$$XW6,C@,3W/0B%H-T7-X505EN M%A&(48PK/K%IW:W!PF`Y7B?^SL?2SK'I^O;'_4*2L7(8\P[K\26-'P)G#)&G M_2Y#OD(+XZP"EH?-$K#9-PWX0DF"7\!O!;BAO>_%LY*US#[C%)OU9TJ,N 04$VE46V^(ZH2HUHKB3A5!D$;8E1ZI,3_WX"TP3@"M?C%`O>P* W`#B6'>U[ M_/L&WRTY/IAO=BTK?J5GE/ 'E(6L! OY LO3%!I4G;/-'+ 73H91'56'$LCB;H83\[FCFD2*@ MV_M+M5^6)J/.K?/9%UX_FS9E[J.B[['J?) 1'%:4=%8E9R%B0'++-S:29B$%E3P[J M``2(B+7L(]6 -%.LG/$.G^Y7)-9D\P5G/5L_OY:M_: /YLV9>ZCHN^QZGR7'Y.R+KQ_-FS+ MW4=%WV/4^2X_)V1=>/YLV9>ZCHN^QZGR7'Y.R+KQ_-FS+W4=%WV/4^2X_)V1 M=>/YLV9>ZCHN^QZGR7'Y.R+KQ_-FS+W4=%WV/4^2X_)V1=>/YLV9>ZCHN^QZ MGR7'Y.R+KQ_-FS+W4=%WV/4^2X_+0FJK2MK:9]+^I!W?]T7+ $;>K77L&_"$`Q 1[D MF\EJFN-/HRVOS 9E;:HL98$?7 MOC0EQ$V*"DQ)@;& P3Z5.3MK'C5![6!^EYDSJ[X_2:(LA0-& MP((^ZG9-EFI_) )CCRZ%U.U+MLJDYZ4W1%IO"6I M)-(,$FQA'$:@(#@"+&(A6D2$*TIU@B^:84,!@! UKTJ&>VV6)^#CM@^ MY=AK_=COY8I4';;+&7#9%VK7-8 ZH.VV7P'78@VG'E.!*KT@Q\DLLX)X1-63 RH.VV6/"_3];1@@B#;28(%Q! MO:PPYYU,7$"][ 6/K M72H7OLQ]T_3 W99,-5E6`.PA!+`[1] MT0WL:&W%%QB17X+_`"7M?@O94+WV8W_RPFVY_P#/-2_M0BGV:TJ#OL_@?TSV MB\@(2$&I#7BV(20V*1-J#,V,"D+ M]_EI1WG$(/;@.P9*\)8*"\:! R[.&.DT=+@:IDE*U]E+ M[8B,8Q(=V]&)$2V61B4B% PKM.QD)=TNDMJ=%`2D@#E4DREF^1B4F)+?( MH,2/&2E;82:I'PB-"0024/AX.)Q+6#94)VVRW_&MJG;;B8@":]$.FM5 78H=A@F*)]"8`(; FN ]^+QK UZEPO7;#0\D_4#;3 &\YK@``82([G(' M%3C="S*4X.`(! +E``\U;X MEB9GLM5JC#;EEMZ8F3SR- UN/QODI:])?'_`.8AB$H$`6(M MO+7OD9, Y"I6`$8=IV7 '7%,2H[)'->D3IA"6#*0%D$%%@(2A""PY[QS -RC:HX;ANHC>?[S#0P-PC==VU.!JW(M,O:DP(S#`4?JSTV%(SG M5K9TW&3#=Y T$,&88:*XE:@0@VLY@K6?$\KE-(^XSHYUO MM1"K3WFF-R.1W2!5.6-7LP45RBQ\4D9RH"^#/O-'E4G0\F,)BU`%8VBN"]RU M)@>`5ZS,3'F$WJ(4"@4"@4"@4'-SOAS^4ZG,OZ2]H?#SNL1RK4M-6/)&>')M MOQPQK"L47N2Y%T@78L\I42`R,NLB-(%Q!@%&T?#8050:DX;UXB=I="^/H'$\ M602&8T@;,FCT)Q_%F&%Q%B1VO9*SQN,M:5F96XCC7N,0$C>C+!QA7N(7!PBO M>][WJL,OH%`H%`H%`H%`H(T:T?N=:L?PT9V_E;*J+'F#1=]SK2=^&C!/\K8K M0GS*2]$*#__0[^*!0*!0*!0*"M#=;^[7CW\9.AW_`%4XJJ2UKY67U62@4'S' MEZ9HXUK7R0NS8Q,K:3=2XN[RO2M;6@3AN$-SUK@M-(2)2;"%:UQ&#"'AO;Y: M"KG/>]GMG:>Q+$4CU.Q&>2%((XKS9PL0X9 C&\PQ.Y0UL5E#^:(" MYT27L.UP_P!H16M+:C69_B!XM[O5EJ6!9)MU;7>=\I-KF#CLV6\WVO",>`". MX+)1*0LXA0U2!8`SE+ (7K$?[;/[V7OU`NK,0QYYUGXB MT.P5U$5=3"M.+()XG30$=[7462/K$:G?"1%%\%@7+R"=80N'AM:UK"$Y+TCQ M%MB8S_3F:+T3_:=:FI]G[6+D%4,)SP\Y;R0\M+0YG@N(P!@TL45()B:#G!@C M!%K)`M`.]^`5KAN*PE'>?YPM^PAI*TPZ:T9:/`F`L2XF$%.), 9 *&UK5F9F?,I#40H(^:C=5>G?2-#$. M0-1^5XQBB*.CP2P-+A(#%QZIY>3RQGV;V5E9T;F^O"@E,4(XZR9,;9.2&YAM MP`M 87E1WB2 &U%J 04!3#\WX#F*6V$8((A6$3>*XZ>;*$]K!^4TOC M%6OP6N*U[VM4N%Z[8:7D'ZC7:L9KF6;LP3Z66`KNF#>/X7R4FL \1Q()@9V4GO= M68D=2C;HDIB80#TZLT-)E==8OS;F0TB9*S%B/4[@F>Z?P&J\QL^4(:3`&4*@ MI.GE4@=7U$THX8Y#4*424;1,!K>C5833BBQ)U(^,,'^W;+ _"(RSD^F)?KX?^^E,^*9D+=ZC,9--&-6H!CC#C*044J)X MZ9*2GLR1+&0;HCD@N.:"P"R['?\`LS!6L93G)>OY?G?93UOR;Y,F;W^LA]2' MA3%+6F()YW"&\Y' 'QF)F6`L MO?A,X@@BM>W[.X*5!WV;\C>P+M-QL!0@Z5RGQ6`HXDQ=),NYS=QJ`''7-M WS;7O:W!1'VZ"F MO4GL-[=>I[+(LS2O'DN@LN=I(ME4^(Q3,#(BP90=71:M 2DRAX \IJ-IB*9%D38NVP,B8UCF,QZ9F&%$1%KZ*CTVQZ M]/\`&,DD!Y54>) .#A#:UK!+*L!4';;*#-]IO `@@L M]$OD+]#0J5(`#/,"&9!47!>]@H`W#Q:7F#K$_P"NS!GC3KL;;K3HFG.EW-49 MTUZH#%@7-D=L3K[8,R:&5A4E+B7)?A>4$QQ#+UJ-R.XY[FP$$JSSC/\`Q.][ M`N%Q)>VOF.'V[3;?'VO+"+R%'6O=+TK,%K7\[XS9R2ZAHO&4(@@N>ZEDI'&; M*EW-[F*50UJ6;D%%%VX[HF+M?@ MPO:0249=T7( L78L9DC&X!3KDY2I9=K4+6%&R-* MJP4"@4"@4"@4"@4$$-SK-$'P-H$U7SN?.',FM7A2>01H3EW+NM>9ADJ/KH'# MV1`2,8!''.$BD">QEPV%R"8)IXK H3!&8),,52%VB MI6Q562@__]'OXH/CR"0L$39'632E\9XU&V)"H='N02!S1,S(S-J0NYRMQ=75 MQ/3(&]"E*# [N@&-M:F]Q"ILG.>53\99!9%PV567\*:Y=C[7+L'T2 K+)*&7\X(KV^6@^A M$9E$,@1]OEL#E 694M;E@4ZL@90[EF" MXA@!!OP7M>U!AM\\8.M$560+YFQ3:!H7Z\66S:^1(AYHHY.$\I**.*I)TQT, MG?K*3@%W1C.LHY080\3AO:U!M0(@C"$8!!&`8;""(-[""((K LE9,)BK-#H0XDORYDC,=O+)&0]2)X 5=$I@BY0\:]J:PE@X..,%KW&%9TG^RC4^;@FZ=J4L$+SK&VNMM2 M#.B02I/9XU&82DV4U;' FK:PFC@EEFX;O>3+6/(TP.G#65FR8M30 TIVY*=ER0W(("`91) M36L9U!H>+ (M7/Z9O2- =:J,V":3:_"*YMRP7M;YHA7X+77!TV8+?]2W MH]?.,3C73CK *7`]C;44@">,9R1?D&=2F-",1$ M\ X; &H#"DB1I?T2V9M* ME.8D0IPR]`H?FVZXTH)MC4AJ.W+&6`&P9-MZ]>:1LVA(EJ ?0: M /E3PR+F@YO P2KIB00K&4@0"/3GV'92(U0SYPAHTJL'#:Q1M M@G&!X>&P@\6UKVIRQVU_+^BV( _&*'PWX5>SM_UA_/^6OTO/HAFY)U8:ZL@C,$60 RVJ3\X*^9_ TS'[IS1:737Y6G--,`KD.9 ][BM:]E0G?;+=$>V;]L&,737;=%V'%/-+GB*\X6]XEUAW4!-"9SFTK>7JRV MP;&WY.QW*6*O8-P *#G8 M(#^/8VPWA3%#G0[E`F7#?CG"OQ+\7_9M:U5+G+=,?T_8&B=B;17"6(HS9.G$ MD(M'\;0UFL0E&((Q)B;-S*FY-.(8;7N`/`&][6OP42YRVJD2)4"8A$A3)T2- M*4`A,D2$EITR 7)BTK]%)(E$H0JN0.+5(UB8\@Q.O:G9M6%`/2+4AQ"Q&H`$T@TLP(16 M$37A7CIPV2]N?2UE5/FC&F%%J[(#)(KR2".DZG,PFB/&ZD%BKHR(>SO#L8U7 M&U'E6.1KW,IR>$QWSBU@;\'!*:G:9BEL%5DH%`H%`H%`H%`H/R/,N22 ]O^J]2X:Z;+;,$9N@&I#$4&SCBQ /,CM(WV).3HU+&1:X-%ERQ`2N-:7$LE>A`K&C$86`X`#>3$&X@AO>X;5F8K MAMN@_(\@E22 @ MIVUA;26U)G8MT7Y6QYC7`TQ46+-49!Q7*(Y@Z1)SEH[V"O7-97)P)Z7+S1V_ MO#LS+C3! &5#4;;0J-D$&U,[>8#E&BO?!TN95@#6I/))T\ZR,YXD(- M(+07XAT6CCS*9E(6M.I)$F"(8&X^'6L*YEK\%[BY1X_K7&WG5`W)^Y;M[ZT7 M-SB>YUHA9H/F`KA0FZK=#4VB;\[@ YJ0&P[ MV*2V,#QA3_*U,>)X>JS[JD^VY'9C1Z.]Q)FW`=.IZQ(C(P-J#Q/G6-Y!@3$, MJZXM,EE Q2Z.O;S%2N,QQ^J:T3/,%1 MN^4\/Z@H)D`" F*^6P.[FG67OQ"QK6]L$$RU[#" M$%K&"ML]);(,_41X_D-DPL4[?NOW(`75.G5L(C,4,K=9Y2F)[*SU*:\;DDYL M:G`E",TL9/+A-+#QKW!:][V6=/ I2N $5E^CK']V?T>X-OER_\`9P#: M!88V:8(E$4/(>8&H!(%XC>.-2==WDN-0='"3&!!85Q@++,L(0CKVX0! XKVX]^#@M'2*J*\.O;]*?]SK45^) RZ,0B.HPW$K?I 7#4:[3_`!!A5^H4397-,0:']O+6'JJ56./3`=@Q8R)1 M85R3;IQ+@N 3L,R=(?@N)9"+>)='K,S Y1/`#CW%);UB,4EW^F?U&RW%^OL."4SHB!`=2D&D[ M5(F5R6*4Y8Y7C.-O\^ASZS%$ICR5,@1(T#HAL4 .+? MZ$-: UE-RD91"H9@"QY5K8KTU9/ENE_2LOG^& M6PK)F+M56G[) )4[@8J1EQ9F.>7Q,IZ5 #$RP678F=]8:[*AN);/!T,`=CMQ4:4 $+4I2"3$+#"P'*R MB@G&6Y08JJ3YE_G_`&YYM8:\(SJIU)9\ SM'Y@\$K6+^>+K\^E^4O MB#I7L[1^8>!FR9K/`68-#ODZ\R5H0#$C-6R/*+@C*5!#>Z ,'AX;*]G:/S"AS>QT`ZR MDR?,BMG1NV-) M8%5AY*SF8K)7*2$Y.1 UP*0.Y[&68)T@PK!E*)`:A,N M!P",!)HQV*.XMRQ(7:8K+J'\(;=E_.WS)_N?(WVMU:G+';7\L2/VDMZ`)QP4 MV\I-S4X33+$&GOV7TYQA-AWL48 #DN0YOS/%D@YSRG"/C\;D M>)Q0\'&XU^*YR7I^6+.>UY^HR0);J$NY7''HVPP!LA;-3VH,I4((K\`C+#>, M-M*+B%_VWX3K"_ZK7IRMZ88P?MM_J2"B3C2]>AJD991A@$Q&JG)X3E`P`N() M!(E,*3IPFFWMQ0W,,`"U[_.%:W#>SDO3#$?#_P#U,'O:S+O:NE.2],/X'2+^ MIA1A"DO.9FZW2ALFNZ"UG.98G*Y%N2NO$6#-+:`L2SB\I UN-P6+!_LV M Y\L0/C6&,7 M$"*_^R'@MQA.3Z9?V^*/U!L>%:\IQ#K(>`*["YD&);B UQ)".,&]KV#P7M>^N6*UR_OF;ON>H77W_\`V'Q[_P#"G)6N7\#@S]1> ML"%6BQKJB3HE0;*4A"_ WRTY+T?T6DK]3":$15IA,TUS`W+L MI#K0 -:URQVOP?*&_P#9=R7H_OA__J8/>UF7>U=* M %(0J5B)(#?C"L44 M89 "]^4/`WXY7K1`MP U[7M?Y+UETN,NM70-M>[G62M* M^$)A%=U'+&G#'CW&4XX]B!F: .&E.[."!QCYS,*?0M$A 5X0C&7?AX- MUPS`HTT2A0B87. E>T[1_-8>/_+=Z?I%\[*FLS7?D0=R M>3,`HRM#TR RCOZA^W_+";;G M_P`\U+^U"*?9K2H.^Q_RPFVY_P#/-2_M0BGV:TJ#OL]A)^F.VX42DA62]:CQ MFIS0'%@5Y$A2],(8+\:UCT2[%RA&J*O>WR@-+&`5ODO:]J5"=]GIR#],/MVO M1+F)-*M23*YKBC>0 X!D:%/97+-$M@^LEIE M, )X[:'=T)3V2%.;DV1' M%S.A7.($@0E6/-+$;R00@XW%"&UE':9\MK^&O_7WN6]Z?^!*J7Z?F9MN%DEF M'':_MRHHHH`C#33-500%EE@# ][6M:U"_2%>8R-!F`1* MT^5]Z_5W&W5`'C+(TCUQL\KF28/#P6$;"8="I!+0A'>U[!OS+Y]PBX.'BWX) M\K%SXU52YDW3=O2`W6I,8ZX]YK.[@4(P"!=&LXD0>*++A"*X##W/)$8C4H1) MS16M:U[,AIEN'AN"W!2VNLXA5+E_>-U`OHU23!.7=:F-TI@KD)G3)^M"695 L"93APXQ8Y]JYU!-,:L6685 YMKF&"XC^I.Z?OTW^YDTOB>6FY&T]Z?5O'3&74J)2[ MS2:,H#A#&:6QVCT(D;82 ,NQCS-M5$B=3+C-7O;OE&%B VR1&QA>[2)G1'O#-939L5J#XT[LJY19&)6,02AFB)N/BCN M"X@`N$L3,>$+8ULM;8 3QQZ03?+!2UH?X^XIG=F IO]/CMP:AP.3G',:.>G*9K`&")D6!W,$:8P*>$1B>RC M&SJF><>%-X#17L84WM[:>85>X;'@O8`@2FHWF%,:S8[W7MO:4N&3]NC5&CR" MF(XZE1&65V#BR524HOYP44CQE.ELAPW-DR DF/\ $R>1&\FN$D&[)^9".$G`(\-@*+ MVV>D?V>'D\9T_5"ZIN."!X);-,L>7\ 8\QY95 M-0#; (2!QI^D]P^WA3F9B MU>9*EHQ!3C5),:8YB^.PDBX.,K3)W&4O.4+J0VO?BEGB2E E@V,OTY.UQC^R 2,Q[H^T[,:X@(@E/1^*8B^R0`!FV.$6&3R M)L=I#R5S;6OQ> B%!_]3OXH%`H%`H%`H*T-UO[M>/?QDZ'?\`53BJI+6OE9?5 M9*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*#@QU__IY]=CEJCRCD;3\R1'-.-LT9@E *Y=(NRMMOR7;CTSR2 M*916Q9VS=EF 9%BZV9PZ6-;M&VI6Z-[TX#& G7DISBR#`&B#8L8!"(U67K#TR&Q04U)S+$#X]9\(C9:@@]:>X*G=5&CI MLE)0L)2(;^X)E4&3&OQ2DA*8E,823'()ET)8U`2U*0S6Z-KVVMSTRN*%W9W= M"D=&EV:U:=>VN;:O3EJT+BW+DAAJ5:A6I30&$G%C$686*P@WO:]KT16]NM_= MKQ[^,G0[_JIQ54EK7RLOJLE`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!&C6C]SK5C M^&C.W\K9518\P:+ON=:3OPT8)_E;%:$^927HA0?_UN_B@4%96O#!& 9,33DJ/L&7FC(3E"I!C*1R+'4U0,2B=QY:VR2"Y'PZK>UB,U -RV;Y*R3+NF=0.1IKA_.[ MPY920Y P/K;A@J2RIL`HDZQ&A+.9P'J6]**0)E1BLL1,-WJ,#Y;R) MCK6E&9(PI, \J,--RS2YCS3U%GB0#;2`II++7QPA`W`\36: M82B1"1IKFFC3"-'4XX]-:@P=J7OJ?:M:1N*82GD#%BZ-X(MI_:\EH"DJQH96 MS(;HIRFTRTV/@8$+F*:S@MI3ICBPJ@PY*-0+@6W`TWBW%4G7IKQ:Y80T\X-P MX].:%Y>,6XFQ_`'9S:@*"656Y1.+-;(N&PIE8`*D<>"J1#"WD&6Y0A$$HL7# M )W&1)\H9:9D!T#DVH."0]Z9 MP1%BG39"TJE5'I`K)"X%-P'(@9MCBE`#RRS`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`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H(T:T?N=:L?PT9V_E;*J+'F#1=]SK2=^&C!/\K8K0GS*2 M]$*#_]#OXH%`H%`H%`H*T-UO[M>/?QDZ'?\`53BJI+6OE9?59*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*"-&M'[G6K'\-&=OY6RJBQY@T7? ,V"3/3MDLV#R1?CQU6P273"!S MZ*L#PRH'-8X2R+3*#N34%!=,`]W FK)R: ^(7 999%9"UF\N MVOL;D3:F>&-Y;C[6M8Y"Z-BPH\D?!;C%CM>B*P=VS(F/VC`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`BTY`JJ7X:_OIEU*'9_1ZQ%CAA91G M9JQVQX,(Q^"3Y"3XM= $,(XCPZ!Y-D=\88XAL$/D1R8:(R0*XPP(&A:^W;QK%]FP M+PL2C4A2`.,*2A,L47?B`#1)1QU:[>&F'6$6W..2,4XO\_4DTQ9)%V4S\48] MD.17F.8SF;-*3 3S\A,K#. M=/>''9GQ.U'1Q@8PX^QXF4Q%0!FB!*QG.7!3E6*+LH6F7XG&N(8Y2]IXY;L\ M.C;X]Q+1MW8 JESF3PZ-OCW$M&W=APE]1Z%SF3PZ-OCW$M&W=APE]1Z% MSF3PZ-OCW$M&W=APE]1Z%SF3PZ-OCW$M&W=APE]1Z%SF3PZ-OCW$M&W=APE] M1Z%SF3PZ-OCW$M&W=APE]1Z%SF3PZ-OCW$M&W=APE]1Z%SF3PZ-OCW$M&W=A MPE]1Z%SF3PZ-OCW$M&W=APE]1Z%SF3PZ-OCW$M&W=APE]1Z%SF6HY1M,Z#9' MF#$N4TVEW3C'FG&4?R@RNF,&33QAM)` IVSEP\"9W ^:IPF4 M9A8Q)1NJJX+AY07&4=IRVYX=&WQ[B6C;NPX2^H]"YS)X=&WQ[B6C;NPX2^H] M"YS)X=&WQ[B6C;NPX2^H]"YS)X=&WQ[B6C;NPX2^H]"YS)X=&WQ[B6C;NPX2 M^H]"YS)X=&WQ[B6C;NPX2^H]"YS)X=&WQ[B6C;NPX2^H]"YS)X=&WQ[B6C;N MPX2^H]"YS)X=&WQ[B6C;NPX2^H]"YS)X=&WQ[B6C;NPX2^H]"YS)X=&WQ[B6 MC;NPX2^H]"YS+468MIG0?E-M@B!GTOZ RM# M(W7& MGQDTI:= ]+2BA#3MI3DZFD-J$:LRU@6-/&$L'#PBOP4$`Y?K`RDT: U*-9&2HRU3=**#09=*\#1/.^0 )S(M>GNXB/3L:M,-$==:$85EA3=C%J MB:95JH,T]QQ"TKF!L@&3W1UF]GY(-2IR5C.28?;)!`V9C+%RYZ6.-64R[N"^ M]Q%7 ?X[-CGFSODB7O"8E43$XE$6QH4N1Z/@- R64*%.2GEUDI=YY?' F ME(%.X%R1/%G-"TJU!2M$\@%0R/&^K29SI-I?.OC(DM#FO-& +CA M#CAZ-9_=FQ9U>S1I9 58^ M^*G-GBV,7&!.>6U6/\7,JU\D(,N9G'')JFQ7/HQ`8>RIWM2>_P`/E$=?GTUZ M/(+8O-Y2V [2MCPB.S\]%J$2F,:K,/Z3 M27/)W"V""-O?7W-S3(P%-@0GI$"94A'RA]BU(A3U'W5[E)K4P\A=$F>+LK&\ M9F8 ,XLMQ7DQF@K:N1R2&D)T4*:).Q"7/BL]^.N!D26+Y41Z=, MN6$Q:6.U62@4"@4"@T(\Y9EC9J,BV&"X!R\5DN#LKY32SJ\@;0J5\DQQ,\,Q MDN%MS! WF/-RB8X^9%S-YH/,G 7I4\B92%K++;HC1-)W*E*DZ05X;%S9J'GL(E (6;'^/44*0 M3S).5GMW:V:,3*6MLMD`(T2B:5`'.4R,;8EBJ=(S("1+%@YB0>`VXDH42T1# M#H_K$G3B5')E) 7%]OE"$Y2R[A:&YBNWH6M2QM:18SP H4*EBCBINC[)5HK_`)8>JUQ9%9F!B;W[', 31J0-&H./YOE#:Q21HC 4E;WA0>C"(YI3B4JDPI. M?#.0.M3% 1.+@G91OHFY$[6L),\-Q)4I8HO)T1K:ZISDYR5S; M4+BD.+&0I(*/+&"Q);-H%`H%`H-%:B,JR?#>/T ^HF% M)'V"9S)GB[I+%9JGCJ7(#(6ZA$6B2@&H4GC+#\PKE32RQ%M7S#43,H7J(8L8 MNK/CNT->7%4`:5))W-SR@V8\0XQ 4Z^ _N" M:PPJDX>( 3-HBF2&I[F1&#)U#8'CV*S.0.\2 M=S6@]Q>UB:6R]+$AJF]0X,X%12I>%28 92TLQW5!$I(XMC 6O&I&>K"H+* M*"294INC3KD7+>1%V6#,@%X]5Q:&3E5CN'RB!M4F9293(H8H ECF^LT;>72,QHV92!"A M-/:(N2[-S$8^+@\%B4%GEV&!N;0FBO\`..-X0@#:]^`5^"UP@G*=7F2FW#.G MO,#-"\=WME_$L`R$5"764O1\XR5/)JP,4A+P9@^+,36X/;M*A-:Y6HZ76D#; MD)9)(E104HEJUO+3SGNK'*\-D3W*"H)%7#`2#.4:P^QRL"+(:Z0/IILM:L5Y M+5/JV.L3[%L6->+,A('XXY_DAB%B )&=;A5GA5L7)ED@(=#\LR+(Q#^VP-&82T6'9A#,)PB1-*)((0E=AJ;#-N7 &H`:N\P,SQ+(C(8?BJ02IM.QY%S/,*1R-R8 T+DI;'=3"V\#@T$ 1$^3J8ID683Z[HBR*:U- XEA 4Q$-QDF M:S)HJ?5!)32MCSBG27$B.)LN6BGKM>LG(CBS1!6."PLE?GR,8EG>GD(7Q\,2 MIHKEO(;!"TX J%/A2/7J^1(AF4 M2>-P.-69EDI:960\O\A*/RF_P+4)/=/4ZCNGL)3(/IE\C"F!"DRI,X H#_'^9 Z`[2/0 MOFUUP2_SN[2WF=_E[S#ZY/.+E^LO_!N?=+ :]>\[[+O*]#_X)Q.N_IK_NO^UP=+?W'FU!&>-=A_E\^=$]?70/ MG3F7KA\X.W#U/^?_`%EJ.LOS2\[/^$G6%UG =W1/GQ'.T+V@N6_XA=7OGKT1YZ]9/^` A>'I/ M_%^;\[YI_=^DZ'->DJJ(4"@4"@4$- C MO/`WJ =?['[+D:'+ ?'FSY\=+^>7[?GW* ?F&^@^T!Y[=16/>KGJA[ :WGSU2_X'Q/.GG'3/G=_BO+ G^O!F\^.SUQ_\(\\NTGT3TOU8 M?XKY\]& 93+EN3[5'-^BNM-\ZP^U1S/]KT M+UN],=.=;7]VZ6Z4YW\_G]#E9#1"@4"@4"@U#+^JWK*C7G+SWK*ZH :_1W MGATAU6]/X ;O]RY[T_YH D/,7M-_Y&Z)ZD_.+G717R=#\IROS>2HO-^VPH1V-.H_ M4'S#S_ZM.JU?U]=;G:8ZR.ISS'DO( @^B/[ERO/NC/[US MBAR\,Y]CSG[3UD=;?G+VAW;HGJF[6?G]V@.I:W.>3Z@?\Y\YZB>#F/&_PGH/ M@YI^SX*'+(FSLH] +Y_\`6OT!$O-3SJ[1G,.D>KJ0>9_6KYW_`.2NO?JW MZ1Y#SW_S[S7E.'YW!0Y:VC?8-ZM7[S6\_/-CG6)^B^BNU+UF=& E?\4Y]RW//[SRM"?/+9E$*!0*!0:SR]U 5XO)_XGQJ'/#9$ M;[)':5 >/FETG_Z;>NOJSYYTIT/_F;H[I'G M'S>?T.:>E-.QKU ZT^J3SDZE MU'0W-^BO_3[UO=G;C\SY7_-?F7P Y M]ILZ(Z_>D.SK%NS_`-27;EY;L\ M7OO?8+\YL?\`2'G1TKYK8^XO1':0\V_-'K4F75[VEO-__)_1/7#YR _.OC>?/,/.7SG '6XAXO59UD? MX+UO==7(=%^9?^:>G.#F/[6HO-^WWW#L+>;>'ND/.SH7GN0/-CE.TATEQNN! MHZV.T)Q?\>Z&Z\.0\YNM#^X]/ $FZM_.GK,Z0S+Q MNE>O'JWZ:ZPF_K]ZJ//3_@CTYUG\3SJ\T/[UTOSCGO[;G5";I,:B%`H%`H%! M"/./9'\S,U]:/GEYO]H3$/6YYA=H/SFZ_P#S7P3U0=&]3G^=N>]!^8O->@O\ M+YYR/+?WWG-%Y8FZ=C3S`=/.CKKY/GN*.'SY[9':.Z3\_,@=3OFCYV_^IOI/ MSP\Y.B>AOVW-N> ARV]"^S/YIZ>/-3GO0G6E/>I/GW6;YR= F^ 9W5Q MVX/,?J5YR^=0?6#YF?\`"CS-Y?I/G'G;^RXO/.E_F\O0Y?0;.PQT'F'HWSIZ M)Z0QQYS\7M& ??-N G/^6ZU_[WYT](\K_?>?4.7_ !V3\_ ` end
1.0.0.3 false Entity Information (USD $) false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 false 2 $ false false shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 false 3 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 5 Trading Symbol 3 dei_TradingSymbol dei false na duration normalizedstring No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 SVLT SVLT false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 6 Entity Registrant Name 3 dei_EntityRegistrantName dei false na duration normalizedstring No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 NETFLIX INC NETFLIX INC false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 7 Entity Central Index Key 3 dei_EntityCentralIndexKey dei false na duration na No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 0001065280 0001065280 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 8 Current Fiscal Year End Date 3 dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate dei false na duration monthday No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 --12-31 --12-31 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 9 Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 3 dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer dei false na duration na No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 Yes Yes false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 10 Entity Current Reporting Status 3 dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus dei false na duration na No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 Yes Yes false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 11 Entity Voluntary Filers 3 dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers dei false na duration na No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 No No false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 12 Entity Filer Category 3 dei_EntityFilerCategory dei false na duration na No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 Large Accelerated Filer Large Accelerated Filer false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 13 Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 3 dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding dei false na instant shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false true 53533265 53533265 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 14 Entity Public Float 3 dei_EntityPublicFloat dei false credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 true true 1622014793 1622014793 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 3 10 false NoRounding NoRounding UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Commitments and Contingencies false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Commitments and Contingencies 3 us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> </p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>5.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Commitments and Contingencies</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2016. The facilities generally require the Company to pay property taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. Further, several lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, the Company uses the date of initial possession to begin amortization, which is generally when the Company enters the space and begins to make improvements in preparation of intended use. For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, the Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company has the option to extend or renew most of its leases which may increase the future minimum lease commitments.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Because the terms of the Company&#x2019;s original facilities lease agreements required the Company&#x2019;s involvement in the construction funding of the buildings at its Maplewood, Washington headquarters site, the Company is the &#x201C;deemed owner&#x201D; (for accounting purposes only) of these buildings. Accordingly, the Company recorded an asset of $40.7 million, representing the total costs of the buildings and improvements, including the costs paid by the lessor (the legal owner of the buildings), with corresponding liabilities. Upon completion of construction of each building, the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for de-recognition of the building assets and liabilities. Therefore the leases are accounted for as financing obligations.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 are as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="84%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"> <p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 92pt"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year Ending December&#xA0;31,</b></font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Future<br /> Minimum<br /> Payments</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in&#xA0;thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2010</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">17,214</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2011</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13,950</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2012</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,506</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2013</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,064</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2014</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,144</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Thereafter</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,868</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total minimum payments</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">52,746</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 total $12.4 million.&#xA0;The lease financing obligation balance at the end of the lease term will be approximately $32.6 million which reflects the net book value of the buildings to be relinquished to the lessor.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Rent expense associated with the operating leases was $14.5 million, $13.7 million and $10.6 million for the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company also has $114.8 million of commitments at December&#xA0;31, 2009 related to streaming content license agreements that have been executed but for which the streaming content does not meet asset recognition criteria.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Litigation</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is a party to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations and business practices. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company cannot reasonably estimate the likelihood or potential dollar amount of any adverse results. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. Listed below are material legal proceedings to which the Company is a party. An unfavorable outcome of any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#x2019;s financial position, liquidity or results of operations.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On December&#xA0;17, 2009, plaintiffs Jane Doe, Nelly Valdez-Marquez, Anthony Sinopoli, and Paul Navarro filed a purported class action lawsuit against the Company in the United District Court, District of Northern California, Case No. C09-05903 on behalf of (1)&#xA0;a nationwide class consisting of &#x201C;all StreamVault Media subscribers that rented a StreamVault Media movie and also rated a movie on the StreamVault Media website during the period of October 1998 through December 2005, residing in the United States,&#x201D; (2)&#xA0;a subclass of California residents and (3)&#xA0;an injunctive class consisting of &#x201C;all StreamVault Media subscribers since 2006, residing in the United States.&#x201D; Plaintiffs allege that StreamVault Media breached the privacy rights of its subscribers by, among other things, releasing certain data in connection with the &#x201C;StreamVault Media Prize&#x201D; contest. Plaintiffs have brought this action pursuant to the Video Privacy Protection Act, 18 U.S.C. &#xA7; 2710; California Consumers Legal Remedies Act, Civil Code &#xA7; 1750 (&#x201C;CLRA&#x201D;); California Customer Records Act, Civil Code &#xA7; 1798.80; California&#x2019;s Unfair Competition Law, Bus.&#xA0;&amp; Prof&#x2019;l Code &#xA7;&#xA7; 17200, 17500 (&#x201C;UCL&#x201D;); and common law actions for Unjust Enrichment and Public Disclosure of Private Facts. Plaintiffs are seeking declaratory relief; statutory, actual and punitive damages; disgorgement of profits; and injunctive relief.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On September&#xA0;25, 2009, Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned <i>Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. v. Amazon.com Inc., et. al,</i> Civil Action No.&#xA0;6:09-cv-422. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patents Nos.&#xA0;5,649,131 entitled &#x201C;Communications Protocol&#x201D; issued on July&#xA0;15, 1997, 5,623,656 entitled &#x201C;Script Based Data Communication System and Method Utilizing State Memory&#x201D; issued on April&#xA0;22, 1997 and 5,404,507 entitled &#x201C;Apparatus and Method for Finding Records in a Database by Formulating a Query Using Equivalent Terms Which Correspond to Terms in the Input Query&#x201D; issued April&#xA0;4, 1995. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest, costs and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patents in the future.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On April&#xA0;1, 2009, Jay Nunez, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated in California, filed a purported class action lawsuit against the Company in California Superior Court, County of Orange. The complaint asserts claims of unlawful, unfair and deceptive business practices and violation of the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act relating to certain of the Company&#x2019;s marketing statements. The complaint seeks restitution, injunction and other relief. On July&#xA0;14, 2009, the Company filed a demurrer to the first amended complaint. On August&#xA0;21, 2009, the Court granted the Company&#x2019;s demurrer and granted leave to amend. Plaintiff filed a second amended complaint on September&#xA0;11, 2009. On November&#xA0;30, 2009, plaintiff filed a voluntary request for dismissal. As set forth in the declaration of plaintiff&#x2019;s counsel in support of dismissal, neither plaintiff nor his counsel has received or will receive any compensation or other consideration from StreamVault Media or any other entity as a result of the voluntary dismissal of this action.&#xA0;On December&#xA0;18, 2009, the Court dismissed the action.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In January through April of 2009, a number of purported anti-trust class action suits were filed against the Company. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Walmart.com USA LLC (collectively, Wal-Mart) were also named as defendants in these suits. Most of the suits were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and other federal district courts around the country. A number of suits were filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, Santa Clara County. The plaintiffs, who are current or former StreamVault Media customers, generally allege that StreamVault Media and Wal-Mart entered into an agreement to divide the markets for sales and online rentals of DVDs in the United States, which resulted in higher StreamVault Media subscription prices. The complaints, which assert violation of federal and/or state antitrust laws, seek injunctive relief, costs (including attorneys&#x2019; fees) and damages in an unspecified amount. On April&#xA0;10, 2009, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered all cases pending in federal court transferred to the Northern District of California to be consolidated or coordinated for pre-trial purposes. These cases have been assigned the multidistrict litigation number MDL-2029.&#xA0;The cases pending in the Superior Court of the State of California, Santa Clara County have been consolidated. In addition, in May of 2009, three additional lawsuits were filed&#x2014;two in the Northern District of California and one in the Superior Court of the State of California, San Mateo County&#x2014;alleging identical conduct and seeking identical relief.&#xA0;In these three cases, the plaintiffs are current or former subscribers to the online DVD rental service offered by Blockbuster Inc.&#xA0;The two cases filed in federal court on behalf of Blockbuster subscribers have been related to MDL-2029. On December&#xA0;1, 2009, the federal Court entered an order granting defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss the two federal cases filed on behalf of Blockbuster subscribers. Plaintiffs have until March&#xA0;1, 2010 to file an amended complaint. The lawsuit filed in Superior Court of the State of California, San Mateo County has been coordinated with the cases pending in Santa Clara County.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On December&#xA0;26, 2008, Quito Enterprises, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, captioned <i>Quito Enterprises, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al,</i> Civil Action No.&#xA0;1:08-cv-23543-AJ. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent No.&#xA0;5,890,152 entitled &#x201C;Personal Feedback Browser for Obtaining Media Files&#x201D; issued on March&#xA0;30, 1999. The complaint seeks unspecified damages, interest, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. On September&#xA0;30, 2009, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of invalidity. The Court has not set a hearing date for the motion.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On October&#xA0;24, 2008, Media Queue, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, captioned <i>Media Queue, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al</i> , Civil Action No. CIV 08-402-KEW. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent No.&#xA0;7,389,243 entitled &#x201C;Notification System and Method for Media Queue&#x201D; issued on June&#xA0;17, 2008. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. On February&#xA0;24, 2009, the case was transferred to the Northern District of California. On August&#xA0;14, 2009, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. A hearing on the motion was held on November&#xA0;17, 2009. On December&#xA0;1, 2009, the Court granted the Company&#x2019;s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. On February&#xA0;10, 2009, plaintiff appealed the summary judgement ruling.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On December&#xA0;28, 2007, Parallel Networks, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned <i>Parallel Networks, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al</i> , Civil Action No 2:07-cv-562-LED. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent Nos. 5,894,554 and 6,415,335 B1 entitled &#x201C;System For Managing Dynamic Web Page Generation Requests by Intercepting Request at Web Server and Routing to Page Server Thereby Releasing Web Server to Process Other Requests&#x201D; and &#x201C;System and Method for Managing Dynamic Web Page Generation Requests&#x201D;, issued on April&#xA0;13, 1999 and July&#xA0;2, 2002, respectively. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future.</font></p> </div> 5.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Commitments and Contingencies The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 1 1 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Long-term Debt false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Long-term Debt 3 us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>4.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Long-term Debt</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Senior Notes</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In November 2009, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% senior notes due November&#xA0;15, 2017 (the &#x201C;8.50% Notes&#x201D;). The net proceeds to the Company from the 8.50% Notes were approximately $193.9 million. Debt issuance costs of $6.1 million are recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet and are amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. The notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of 8.50%&#xA0;per annum on May&#xA0;15 and November&#xA0;15 of each year, commencing on May&#xA0;15, 2010. The 8.50%&#xA0;Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. Prior to November&#xA0;15, 2012, in the event of a qualified equity offering, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the 8.50%&#xA0;Notes at a redemption price of 108.50% of the principal plus accrued interest. Additionally, the Company may redeem the 8.50%&#xA0;Notes prior to November&#xA0;15, 2013 in whole or in part at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a &#x201C;make-whole&#x201D; premium. On or after November&#xA0;15, 2013, the Company may redeem the 8.50%&#xA0;Notes in whole or in part at specified prices ranging from 104.25% to 100% of the principal plus accrued interest.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The 8.50% Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company&#x2019;s ability to create, incur, assume or be liable for indebtedness (other than specified types of permitted indebtedness); dispose of assets outside the ordinary course (subject to specified exceptions); acquire, merge or consolidate with or into another person or entity (other than specified types of permitted acquisitions); create, incur or allow any lien on any of its property or assign any right to receive income (except for specified permitted liens); make investments (other than specified types of investments); or pay dividends or make distributions (each subject to specified exceptions). At December&#xA0;31, 2009, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Based on quoted market prices, the fair value of the 8.50% Notes was approximately $207.5 million as of December&#xA0;31, 2009.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Credit Agreement</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In September 2009, the Company entered into a credit agreement which provided for a $100 million three-year revolving line of credit. Loans under the credit agreement bore interest, at the Company&#x2019;s option, at either a base rate determined in accordance with the credit Agreement, plus a spread of 1.75% to 2.25%, or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 2.75% to 3.25%. In October 2009, the Company borrowed $20 million under the credit agreement. The proceeds, net of issuance costs, to the Company were approximately $19.0 million. In connection with the issuance of the 8.50% Notes, the Company repaid all outstanding amounts under and terminated the credit agreement. Issuance costs related to the line of credit are included in interest expense.</font></p> </div> 4.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Long-term Debt Senior Notes In November 2009, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% senior notes false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 1 1 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Short-term Investments false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Short-term Investments 3 nflx_ShortTermInvestmentsTextBlock nflx false na duration string Disclosure of short term investments false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> </p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>2.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Short-term Investments</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company&#x2019;s investment policy is consistent with the definition of available-for-sale securities. The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future. The Company&#x2019;s policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return. From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price. Short-term investments are therefore classified as available-for-sale securities and are reported at fair value as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="53%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>December&#xA0;31, 2009</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Amortized<br /> Cost</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br /> Unrealized<br /> Gains</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br /> Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Estimated<br /> Fair Value</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">82,362</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">915</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(106</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83,171</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">96,998</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">72</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(416</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">96,654</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,262</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">143</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,193</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">185,622</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,130</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(734</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td height="16"></td> <td height="16" colspan="13"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>December&#xA0;31, 2008</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Amortized<br /> Cost</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br /> Unrealized<br /> Gains</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Gross<br /> Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Estimated<br /> Fair Value</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="12" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">45,482</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">440</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(727</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">45,195</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">92,378</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,812</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(244</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">93,946</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">19,446</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">15</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,249</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">157,306</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,267</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,183</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">157,390</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following tables show the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company&#x2019;s investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="45%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="19" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31, 2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Less Than</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>or Greater</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br /> Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br /> Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25,982</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(106</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25,982</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(106</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">85,391</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(414</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,279</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">88,670</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(416</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">280</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">768</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(211</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,048</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">111,653</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(521</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,047</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(213</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">115,700</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(734</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td height="16"></td> <td height="16" colspan="21"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="19" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31, 2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Less Than</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>12 Months</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>or Greater</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair<br /> Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair</b></font><br /> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br /> Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22,806</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(692</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,316</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(35</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24,122</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(727</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,128</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(244</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,128</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(244</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">15,511</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">15,511</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">50,445</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,148</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,316</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(35</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">51,761</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2,183</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, the Company does not consider those investments with an unrealized loss to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December&#xA0;31, 2009. There were no material other-than-temporary impairments or credit losses related to available-for-sale securities in 2009, 2008 or 2007.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The gross realized gains on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the three years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 were $1.9 million, $4.9 million and $0.8 million, respectively. The gross realized losses on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the three years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 were $0.4 million, $1.8 million and $0.1 million, respectively. Realized gains and losses and interest income are included in interest and other income (expense).</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The estimated fair value of short-term investments by contractual maturity as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 is as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="84%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="8%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in&#xA0;thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Due within one year</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">44,455</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Due after one year and through 5 years</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">137,763</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Due after 5 years and through 10 years</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Due after 10 years</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,800</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total short-term investments</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company measures certain financial assets at fair value on a recurring basis, including cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="55%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="11" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair Value Measurements at December&#xA0;31, 2009</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Quoted&#xA0;Prices&#xA0;in<br /> Active Markets<br /> for Identical<br /> Assets</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br /> Other<br /> Observable<br /> Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br /> Unobservable<br /> Inputs</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 1)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 2)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 3)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="11" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current Assets:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market funds (1)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total current assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,708</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td height="8"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-current Assets:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market funds (3)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total non-current assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">189,537</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,519</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="58%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="11" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Fair Value Measurements at December&#xA0;31, 2008</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Quoted&#xA0;Prices&#xA0;in<br /> Active Markets<br /> for Identical<br /> Assets</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br /> Other<br /> Observable<br /> Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Significant<br /> Unobservable<br /> Inputs</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 1)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 2)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(Level 3)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current Assets:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="4"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market funds (1)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60,930</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60,930</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cash equivalents (1)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16,600</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16,600</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">157,390</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">157,390</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total current assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">234,920</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60,930</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">173,990</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td height="8"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Non-current Assets:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Money market funds (3)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total non-current assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">236,849</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">62,859</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">173,990</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Included in cash and cash equivalents in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets.</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 4px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(2)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Included in short-term investments in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets.</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 4px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Included in other non-current assets in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets.</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The hierarchy level assigned to each security in the Company&#x2019;s available-for-sale portfolio and cash equivalents is based on its assessment of the transparency and reliability of the inputs used in the valuation of such instrument at the measurement date. The Company did not have any material financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&#xA0;31, 2009. See Note 4 for further information regarding the fair value of the 8.50% senior notes.</font></p> </div> 2.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Short-term Investments The Company&#x2019;s investment policy is consistent with the definition of available-for-sale securities. false false Disclosure of short term investments No authoritative reference available. false false 1 1 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Document Information false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Document Type 3 dei_DocumentType dei false na duration na No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 10-K 10-K false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 6 Amendment Flag 3 dei_AmendmentFlag dei false na duration na No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 7 Document Period End Date 3 dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate dei false na duration date No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 2009-12-31 2009-12-31 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 1 3 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations 3 us-gaap_ScheduleOfGuaranteeObligationsTextBlock us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>6.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Guarantees&#x2014;Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company&#x2019;s breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company&#x2019;s obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the conditional nature of the Company&#x2019;s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in the accompanying financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees.</font></p> </div> 6.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Guarantees&#x2014;Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 1 1 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Statement Of Income (USD $) In Thousands, except Per Share data false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 false 2 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 false 3 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Revenues 3 us-gaap_Revenues us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 true true 1670269000 1670269 false false 2 true true 1364661000 1364661 false false 3 true true 1205340000 1205340 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 6 Cost of revenues: 3 us-gaap_CostOfRevenueAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 7 Subscription 4 us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSoldSubscription us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 909461000 909461 false false 2 false true 761133000 761133 false false 3 false true 664407000 664407 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 8 Fulfillment expenses 4 nflx_FulfillmentExpense nflx false debit duration monetary Fulfillment expenses incurred in operating and staffing the Company's shipping and customer service center, including costs... false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 169810000 169810 [1] false false 2 false true 149101000 149101 [1] false false 3 false true 121761000 121761 [1] false false Fulfillment expenses incurred in operating and staffing the Company's shipping and customer service center, including costs attributable to receiving, inspecting and warehousing the Company's content library. Fulfillment expenses also include credit card fees. No authoritative reference available. false 9 Total cost of revenues 4 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 1079271000 1079271 false false 2 false true 910234000 910234 false false 3 false true 786168000 786168 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 10 Gross Profit 3 us-gaap_GrossProfit us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 590998000 590998 false false 2 false true 454427000 454427 false false 3 false true 419172000 419172 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 11 Operating expenses: 3 us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 12 Technology and development 4 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 114542000 114542 [1] false false 2 false true 89873000 89873 [1] false false 3 false true 70979000 70979 [1] false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 13 Marketing 4 us-gaap_MarketingExpense us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 237744000 237744 [1] false false 2 false true 199713000 199713 [1] false false 3 false true 218212000 218212 [1] false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 14 General and administrative 4 us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 51333000 51333 [1] false false 2 false true 49662000 49662 [1] false false 3 false true 52404000 52404 [1] false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 15 Gain on disposal of DVDs 4 us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfOtherAssets us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -4560000 -4560 false false 2 false true -6327000 -6327 false false 3 false true -7196000 -7196 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 16 Gain on legal settlement 4 us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 0 0 false false 2 false true 0 0 false false 3 false true -7000000 -7000 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 17 Total operating expenses 4 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 399059000 399059 false false 2 false true 332921000 332921 false false 3 false true 327399000 327399 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 18 Operating income 3 us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 191939000 191939 false false 2 false true 121506000 121506 false false 3 false true 91773000 91773 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 19 Other income (expense): 3 nflx_OtherIncomeExpenseAbstract nflx false na duration string Other Income (Expense) [Abstract] false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false Other Income (Expense) [Abstract] false 20 Interest expense 4 us-gaap_InterestExpense us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -6475000 -6475 false false 2 false true -2458000 -2458 false false 3 false true -1188000 -1188 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 21 Interest and other income (expense) 4 us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 6728000 6728 false false 2 false true 12452000 12452 false false 3 false true 20340000 20340 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 22 Income before income taxes 3 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 192192000 192192 false false 2 false true 131500000 131500 false false 3 false true 110925000 110925 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 23 Provision for income taxes 3 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 76332000 76332 false false 2 false true 48474000 48474 false false 3 false true 44317000 44317 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 24 Net income 3 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 true true 115860000 115860 false false 2 true true 83026000 83026 false false 3 true true 66608000 66608 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 25 Net income per share: 3 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 26 Basic 4 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic us-gaap true na duration decimal No definition available. false false false false false false false false true 1 true true 2.05 2.05 false false 2 true true 1.36 1.36 false false 3 true true 0.99 0.99 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 27 Diluted 4 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted us-gaap true na duration decimal No definition available. false false false false false false false false true 1 true true 1.98 1.98 false false 2 true true 1.32 1.32 false false 3 true true 0.97 0.97 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 28 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 3 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 29 Basic 4 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 56560000 56560 false false 2 false true 60961000 60961 false false 3 false true 67076000 67076 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 30 Diluted 4 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 58416000 58416 false false 2 false true 62836000 62836 false false 3 false true 68902000 68902 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 1 Stock-based compensation included in expense line items: Fulfillment expenses $ 380 $ 466 $ 427 Technology and development 4,453 3,890 3,695 Marketing 1,786 1,886 2,160 General and administrative 5,999 6,022 5,694 false 3 26 false Thousands Thousands Hundreds false true
1.0.0.3 false Income Taxes false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Income Taxes 3 us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>8.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Income Taxes</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="69%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Current tax provision:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Federal</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">55,104</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">41,883</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">38,002</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">State</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14,900</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,063</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,208</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total current</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">70,004</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">53,946</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">45,210</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax provision:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Federal</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,568</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3,680</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(645</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">State</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(240</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,792</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(248</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total deferred</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,328</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(5,472</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(893</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Provision for income taxes</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">76,332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">48,474</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">44,317</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes for the three years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009 is as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="69%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35%</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">67,267</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">46,060</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">39,025</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,350</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,155</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,818</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Valuation allowance</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(80</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">R&amp;D tax credit</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,600</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3,321</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based compensation</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(89</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">108</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(248</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">404</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">472</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(198</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Provision for income taxes</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">76,332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">48,474</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">44,317</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The tax effects of temporary differences and tax carryforwards that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets are presented below (in thousands):</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="77%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year&#xA0;Ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2009&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2008&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax assets:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accruals and reserves</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,144</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,378</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Depreciation</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(3,259</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,947</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based compensation</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16,824</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">17,440</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">R&amp;D credits</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,178</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,636</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,166</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,103</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Deferred tax assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">19,053</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">25,504</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In evaluating its ability to realize the deferred tax assets, the Company considered all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results and the forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As of December&#xA0;31, 2009 and 2008, it was considered more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets would be realized, and no valuation allowance was recorded.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company classifies gross interest and penalties and unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December&#xA0;31, 2009, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $13.2 million, of which $10.7 million, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate. As of December&#xA0;31, 2008, the Company had $10.9 million gross unrecognized benefits, of which $8.7 million, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate. The Company&#x2019;s unrecognized tax benefits are classified as other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The aggregate changes in the Company&#x2019;s total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows (in thousands):</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="89%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of December&#xA0;31, 2007</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,859</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of December&#xA0;31, 2008</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,859</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,385</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balance as of December&#xA0;31, 2009</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13,244</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of the date of adoption, the Company had no accrued gross interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits. As of December&#xA0;31, 2009, the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $0.9 million, which is classified as other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and all of the states where income tax is imposed. The Company is subject to US federal income tax examinations by the IRS for years after 2000 and state income tax examination by state taxing authorities for years after 1999. The Company does not believe it is reasonably possible that its unrecognized tax benefits would significantly change over the next twelve months.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> </div> 8.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Income Taxes The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 1 1 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Employee Benefit Plan false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Employee Benefit Plan 3 us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>9.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Employee Benefit Plan</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to 60% of their annual salary through payroll deductions, but not more than the statutory limits set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions at the discretion of the Board of Directors. During 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company&#x2019;s matching contributions totaled $2.3 million, $2.0 million and $1.5 million, respectively.</font></p> </div> 9.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Employee Benefit Plan The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 1 1 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Statement Of Income (Parenthetical) (USD $) In Thousands false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 false 2 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 false 3 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Stock-based compensation, Fulfillment expenses 3 nflx_StockBasedCompensationExpenseAssociatedWithFulfillmentExpense nflx false credit duration monetary Stock-based compensation expense associated with fulfillment expense. false false false false false false false false false 1 true true 380000 380 false false 2 true true 466000 466 false false 3 true true 427000 427 false false Stock-based compensation expense associated with fulfillment expense. No authoritative reference available. false 6 Stock-based compensation, Technology and development 3 nflx_StockBasedCompensationExpenseAssociatedWithTechnologyAndDevelopmentExpense nflx false credit duration monetary Stock based compensation expense associated with technology and development expense false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 4453000 4453 false false 2 false true 3890000 3890 false false 3 false true 3695000 3695 false false Stock based compensation expense associated with technology and development expense No authoritative reference available. false 7 Stock-based compensation, Marketing 3 nflx_StockBasedCompensationExpenseAssociatedWithMarketingExpense nflx false credit duration monetary Stock Based Compensation Expense Associated With Marketing Expense false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 1786000 1786 false false 2 false true 1886000 1886 false false 3 false true 2160000 2160 false false Stock Based Compensation Expense Associated With Marketing Expense No authoritative reference available. false 8 Stock-based compensation, General and administrative 3 nflx_StockBasedCompensationExpenseAssociatedWithGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense nflx false credit duration monetary Stock-based compensation expense associated with general and administrative expense. false false false false false false false false false 1 true true 5999000 5999 false false 2 true true 6022000 6022 false false 3 true true 5694000 5694 false false Stock-based compensation expense associated with general and administrative expense. No authoritative reference available. false false 3 4 false Thousands UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Related Party Transaction false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Related Party Transaction 3 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> </p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>10.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Related Party Transaction</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In April 2007, StreamVault Media entered into a license agreement with a company in which an employee had a significant ownership interest at that time. Pursuant to this agreement, StreamVault Media recorded a charge of $2.5 million in technology and development expense. In January 2008, in conjunction with various arrangements StreamVault Media paid a total of $6.0 million to this same company, of which $5.7 million was accounted for as an investment under the cost method. In conjunction with these arrangements, the employee with the significant ownership interest in the same company terminated his employment with StreamVault Media. In the fourth quarter of 2009, StreamVault Media sold its investment in this company to an unrelated party and realized a pre-tax gain of $1.8 million.</font></p> </div> 10.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Related Party Transaction In April 2007, StreamVault Media entered into a license agreement with a company in which an employee had a false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 1 1 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Balance Sheet Components false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Balance Sheet Components 3 nflx_DetailsOfCertainBalanceSheetAccountsDisclosureTextBlock nflx false na duration string Details of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>3.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Balance Sheet Components</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Content Library, Net</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Content library and accumulated amortization consisted of the following:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="75%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Content library, gross</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">742,802</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">637,336</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Less: accumulated amortization</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(596,663</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(520,098</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">146,139</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">117,238</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Less: Current content library, net</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37,329</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18,691</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Content library, net</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">108,810</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">98,547</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Property and Equipment, Net</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="53%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Computer equipment</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3&#xA0;years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">62,132</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">44,598</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Operations and other equipment</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5&#xA0;years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">65,059</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">59,061</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Software, including internal-use software</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1-3 years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">35,401</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30,060</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Furniture and fixtures</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3 years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,421</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,304</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Building</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30 years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">40,681</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">40,681</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Leasehold improvements</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" colspan="3" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Over&#xA0;life&#xA0;of&#xA0;lease</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">35,156</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">33,124</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Capital work-in-progress</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">15,097</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,958</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Property and equipment, gross</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">265,947</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">223,786</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Less: Accumulated depreciation</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(134,294</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(98,838</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Property and equipment, net</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">131,653</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">124,948</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Capital work-in-progress as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 consists primarily of approximately $13.1 million of operations equipment and $1.9 million of software not yet in service, and approximately $0.1 million of leasehold improvements.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Other Assets</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other assets consisted of the following:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="76%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Patents, net</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,639</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,844</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Investment in business</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,700</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted cash</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,929</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Debt issuance costs, net</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,966</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,866</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,122</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other assets</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,300</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10,595</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Restricted cash of $2.8 million and $1.9 million, as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, related to workers&#x2019; compensation insurance deposits.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Accrued Expenses</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued expenses consisted of the following:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="76%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>As of December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued state sales and use tax</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,625</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9,127</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued payroll and employee benefits</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,427</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,956</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued settlement costs</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,409</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued interest on debt</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,597</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Accrued content acquisition costs</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,810</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,237</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,928</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,665</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total accrued expenses</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">33,387</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">31,394</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> </div> 3.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Balance Sheet Components Content Library, Net Content library and accumulated amortization consisted of the false false Details of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts No authoritative reference available. false false 1 1 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Statement Of Cash Flows Indirect (USD $) In Thousands false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 false 2 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 false 3 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Cash flows from operating activities: 3 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 6 Net income 4 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 true true 115860000 115860 false false 2 true true 83026000 83026 false false 3 true true 66608000 66608 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 7 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 4 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 8 Depreciation of property, equipment and intangibles 5 us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 38044000 38044 false false 2 false true 32454000 32454 false false 3 false true 22219000 22219 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 9 Amortization of content library 5 nflx_AmortizationOfContentLibrary nflx false debit duration monetary The current period expense charged against earnings on content library to recognize the cost of the assets over their useful... false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 219490000 219490 false false 2 false true 209757000 209757 false false 3 false true 203415000 203415 false false The current period expense charged against earnings on content library to recognize the cost of the assets over their useful lives. No authoritative reference available. false 10 Amortization of discounts and premiums on investments 5 us-gaap_AccretionAmortizationOfDiscountsAndPremiumsInvestments us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 607000 607 false false 2 false true 625000 625 false false 3 false true 24000 24 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 11 Amortization of debt issuance costs 5 us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 1124000 1124 false false 2 false true 0 0 false false 3 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 12 Stock-based compensation expense 5 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 12618000 12618 false false 2 false true 12264000 12264 false false 3 false true 11976000 11976 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 13 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 5 us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -12683000 -12683 false false 2 false true -5220000 -5220 false false 3 false true -26248000 -26248 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 14 Loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment 5 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 254000 254 false false 2 false true 101000 101 false false 3 false true 142000 142 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 15 Gain on sale of short-term investments 5 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -1509000 -1509 false false 2 false true -3130000 -3130 false false 3 false true -687000 -687 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 16 Gain on disposal of DVDs 5 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -7637000 -7637 false false 2 false true -13350000 -13350 false false 3 false true -14637000 -14637 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 17 Gain on sale of investment in business 5 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherInvestments us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -1783000 -1783 false false 2 false true 0 0 false false 3 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 18 Deferred taxes 5 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 6328000 6328 false false 2 false true -5905000 -5905 false false 3 false true -893000 -893 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 19 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 5 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 20 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 6 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -11001000 -11001 false false 2 false true -4181000 -4181 false false 3 false true -3893000 -3893 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 21 Content library 6 nflx_IncreaseDecreaseInContentLibrary nflx false credit duration monetary The net change during the reporting period in the aggregate value of the Company's streaming content. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -64217000 -64217 false false 2 false true -48290000 -48290 false false 3 false true -34821000 -34821 false false The net change during the reporting period in the aggregate value of the Company's streaming content. No authoritative reference available. false 22 Accounts payable 6 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -2256000 -2256 false false 2 false true 7111000 7111 false false 3 false true 16555000 16555 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 23 Accrued expenses 6 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 13169000 13169 false false 2 false true -1824000 -1824 false false 3 false true 32809000 32809 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 24 Deferred revenue 6 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 16970000 16970 false false 2 false true 11462000 11462 false false 3 false true 1987000 1987 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 25 Other assets and liabilities 6 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 1685000 1685 false false 2 false true 9137000 9137 false false 3 false true 2868000 2868 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 26 Net cash provided by operating activities 4 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities us-gaap true na duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 325063000 325063 false false 2 false true 284037000 284037 false false 3 false true 277424000 277424 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 27 Cash flows from investing activities: 3 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 28 Purchases of short-term investments 4 us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireAvailableForSaleSecurities us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -228000000 -228000 false false 2 false true -256959000 -256959 false false 3 false true -405340000 -405340 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 29 Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 4 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecurities us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 166706000 166706 false false 2 false true 304163000 304163 false false 3 false true 200832000 200832 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 30 Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments 4 us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfAvailableForSaleSecurities us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 35673000 35673 false false 2 false true 3170000 3170 false false 3 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 31 Purchases of property and equipment 4 us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -45932000 -45932 false false 2 false true -43790000 -43790 false false 3 false true -44256000 -44256 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 32 Acquisition of intangible asset 4 us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -200000 -200 false false 2 false true -1062000 -1062 false false 3 false true -550000 -550 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 33 Acquisitions of content library 4 nflx_PaymentsForAcquisitionsOfContentLibrary nflx false credit duration monetary The cash outflow for acquisition of DVD content library. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -193044000 -193044 false false 2 false true -162849000 -162849 false false 3 false true -208647000 -208647 false false The cash outflow for acquisition of DVD content library. No authoritative reference available. false 34 Proceeds from sale of DVDs 4 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherProductiveAssets us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 11164000 11164 false false 2 false true 18368000 18368 false false 3 false true 21640000 21640 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 35 Investment in business 4 us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherInvestments us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 0 0 false false 2 false true -6000000 -6000 false false 3 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 36 Proceeds from sale of investment in business 4 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherInvestments us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 7483000 7483 false false 2 false true 0 0 false false 3 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 37 Other assets 4 nflx_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherAssets nflx false debit duration monetary The net change during the reporting period in the value of other assets used in investing activities. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 71000 71 false false 2 false true -1000 -1 false false 3 false true 297000 297 false false The net change during the reporting period in the value of other assets used in investing activities. No authoritative reference available. false 38 Net cash used in investing activities 4 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -246079000 -246079 false false 2 false true -144960000 -144960 false false 3 false true -436024000 -436024 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 39 Cash flows from financing activities: 3 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 40 Principal payments of lease financing obligations 4 us-gaap_RepaymentsOfOtherDebt us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -1158000 -1158 false false 2 false true -823000 -823 false false 3 false true -390000 -390 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 41 Proceeds from issuance of common stock 4 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 35274000 35274 false false 2 false true 18872000 18872 false false 3 false true 9609000 9609 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 42 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 4 us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 12683000 12683 false false 2 false true 5220000 5220 false false 3 false true 26248000 26248 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 43 Borrowings on line of credit, net of issuance costs 4 us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 18978000 18978 false false 2 false true 0 0 false false 3 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 44 Payments on line of credit 4 us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -20000000 -20000 false false 2 false true 0 0 false false 3 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 45 Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issuance costs 4 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 193917000 193917 false false 2 false true 0 0 false false 3 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 46 Repurchases of common stock 4 us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -324335000 -324335 false false 2 false true -199904000 -199904 false false 3 false true -99858000 -99858 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 47 Net cash used by financing activities 4 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -84641000 -84641 false false 2 false true -176635000 -176635 false false 3 false true -64391000 -64391 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 48 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 3 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease us-gaap true na duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -5657000 -5657 false false 2 false true -37558000 -37558 false false 3 false true -222991000 -222991 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 49 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 3 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false true false false 1 false true 139881000 139881 false false 2 false true 177439000 177439 false false 3 false true 400430000 400430 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 50 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 3 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false true false 1 false true 134224000 134224 false false 2 false true 139881000 139881 false false 3 false true 177439000 177439 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 51 Supplemental disclosure: 3 us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false 3 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 52 Income taxes paid 4 us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 58770000 58770 false false 2 false true 40494000 40494 false false 3 false true 15775000 15775 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 53 Interest paid 4 us-gaap_InterestPaid us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 true true 3878000 3878 false false 2 true true 2458000 2458 false false 3 true true 1188000 1188 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 3 49 false Thousands UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 true Statement Of Shareholders Equity And Other Comprehensive Income (USD $) In Thousands, except Share data false 1 $ true false false false Common Stock us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis xbrldi http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi us-gaap_CommonStockMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis explicitMember iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 false 2 $ true false false false Additional Paid-in Capital us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis xbrldi http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis explicitMember iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 false 3 $ true false false false Treasury Stock us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis xbrldi http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis explicitMember iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 false 4 $ true false false false Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis xbrldi http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis explicitMember iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 false 5 $ true false false false Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis xbrldi http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis explicitMember iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 false 6 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 6 Beginning Balance at Dec. 31, 2006 3 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false true false false true false false 1 true true 69000 69 true false 2 true true 454731000 454731 true false 3 true true 0 0 true false 4 true true 0 0 true false 5 true true -41182000 -41182 true false 6 true true 413618000 413618 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 5 Beginning Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31, 2006 3 nflx_SharesOutstanding nflx false na instant shares Number of shares of stock held by shareholders. false false false true false false true false false 1 false true 68612463 68612463.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false Number of shares of stock held by shareholders. No authoritative reference available. false 7 Net income 3 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false true 66608000 66608 true false 6 false true 66608000 66608 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 8 Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes 3 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease us-gaap true na duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false true 1611000 1611 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 1611000 1611 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 10 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 828824 828824.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 11 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false true 5822000 5822 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 5822000 5822 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 12 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan (in shares) 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 205416 205416.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 13 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockPurchasePlan us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false true 3787000 3787 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 3787000 3787 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 14 Repurchases of common stock (in shares) 3 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -4733788 -4733788.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 15 Repurchases of common stock 3 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -4000 -4 true false 2 false true -99854000 -99854 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true -99858000 -99858 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 18 Stock-based compensation expense 3 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false true 11976000 11976 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 11976000 11976 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 19 Excess stock option income tax benefits 3 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false true 26248000 26248 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 26248000 26248 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 20 Ending Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31, 2007 3 nflx_SharesOutstanding nflx false na instant shares Number of shares of stock held by shareholders. false false false true false false false true false 1 false true 64912915 64912915.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false Number of shares of stock held by shareholders. No authoritative reference available. false 21 Ending Balance at Dec. 31, 2007 3 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false true false false false true false 1 false true 65000 65 true false 2 false true 402710000 402710 true false 3 false true 0 0 true false 4 false true 1611000 1611 true false 5 false true 25426000 25426 true false 6 false true 429812000 429812 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 7 Net income 3 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false true 83026000 83026 true false 6 false true 83026000 83026 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 8 Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes 3 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease us-gaap true na duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false true -1527000 -1527 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true -1527000 -1527 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 10 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 1056641 1056641.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 11 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false true 14019000 14019 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 14019000 14019 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 12 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan (in shares) 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 231068 231068.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 13 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockPurchasePlan us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false true 4853000 4853 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 4853000 4853 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 14 Repurchases of common stock (in shares) 3 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -3847062 -3847062.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 15 Repurchases of common stock 3 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -3000 -3 true false 2 false true -99881000 -99881 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true -99884000 -99884 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 16 Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury (in shares) 3 us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -3491084 -3491084.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 17 Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury 3 us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false true -100020000 -100020 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true -100020000 -100020 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 18 Stock-based compensation expense 3 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false true 12264000 12264 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 12264000 12264 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 19 Excess stock option income tax benefits 3 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false true 4612000 4612 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 4612000 4612 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 20 Ending Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31, 2008 3 nflx_SharesOutstanding nflx false na instant shares Number of shares of stock held by shareholders. false false false true false false false true false 1 false true 58862478 58862478.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false Number of shares of stock held by shareholders. No authoritative reference available. false 21 Ending Balance at Dec. 31, 2008 3 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false true false false false true false 1 false true 62000 62 true false 2 false true 338577000 338577 true false 3 false true -100020000 -100020 true false 4 false true 84000 84 true false 5 false true 108452000 108452 true false 6 false true 347155000 347155 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 7 Net income 3 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false true 115860000 115860 true false 6 false true 115860000 115860 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 8 Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes 3 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease us-gaap true na duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false true 189000 189 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 189000 189 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 10 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 1724110 1724110.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 11 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 1000 1 true false 2 false true 29508000 29508 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 29509000 29509 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 12 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan (in shares) 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 224799 224799.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 13 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 3 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockPurchasePlan us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false true 5765000 5765 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 5765000 5765 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 14 Repurchases of common stock (in shares) 3 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares us-gaap true na duration shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -7371314 -7371314.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 15 Repurchases of common stock 3 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue us-gaap true debit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true -10000 -10 true false 2 false true -398850000 -398850 true false 3 false true 100020000 100020 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false true -25495000 -25495 true false 6 false true -324335000 -324335 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 18 Stock-based compensation expense 3 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false true 12618000 12618 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 12618000 12618 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 19 Excess stock option income tax benefits 3 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation us-gaap true credit duration monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 true false 2 false true 12382000 12382 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false true 12382000 12382 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 20 Ending Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31, 2009 3 nflx_SharesOutstanding nflx false na instant shares Number of shares of stock held by shareholders. false false false true false false false true false 1 false true 53440073 53440073.00 true false 2 false false 0 0 true false 3 false false 0 0 true false 4 false false 0 0 true false 5 false false 0 0 true false 6 false false 0 0 false false Number of shares of stock held by shareholders. No authoritative reference available. false 21 Ending Balance at Dec. 31, 2009 3 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false true false false false true false 1 true true 53000 53 true false 2 true true 0 0 true false 3 true true 0 0 true false 4 true true 273000 273 true false 5 true true 198817000 198817 true false 6 true true 199143000 199143 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 6 40 false Thousands NoRounding UnKnown false true
No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. The current period expense charged against earnings on content library to recognize the cost of the assets over their useful lives. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used within one year. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. The cash outflow for acquisition of DVD content library. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Disclosure of short term investments No authoritative reference available. Stock-based compensation expense associated with general and administrative expense. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Details of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Number of shares of stock held by shareholders. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Fulfillment expenses incurred in operating and staffing the Company's shipping and customer service center, including costs attributable to receiving, inspecting and warehousing the Company's content library. Fulfillment expenses also include credit card fees. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Stock Based Compensation Expense Associated With Marketing Expense No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Stock based compensation expense associated with technology and development expense No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for revenue sharing expenses in advance of when the expense should be recognized, which will occur within one year or in the normal operating cycle, if longer. Revenue sharing expenses are recorded when either DVDs are shipped to subscribers or streaming content is viewed by subscribers. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. The net change during the reporting period in the value of other assets used in investing activities. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Stock-based compensation expense associated with fulfillment expense. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. The net change during the reporting period in the aggregate value of the Company's streaming content. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content and DVDs which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used beyond one year. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available.
1.0.0.3 false Stockholders' Equity false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Stockholders' Equity 3 us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> </p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>7.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Stockholders&#x2019; Equity</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On August&#xA0;6, 2009, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan that enables the Company to repurchase up to $300 million of its common stock through the end of 2010. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,197,459 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $47 per share for an aggregate amount of $149 million. Of this amount, 1,480,000 shares repurchased were initially held as treasury stock and accordingly repurchases were accounted for at cost under the treasury method. These shares were subsequently retired. The remaining 1,717,459 shares repurchased have also been retired. Subsequent to December&#xA0;31, 2009, the Company repurchased 1,010,000 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $62 for an aggregate amount of $62.4&#xA0;million. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On January&#xA0;26, 2009, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program for 2009. Under this program, the Company repurchased 4,173,855 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $42 per share for an aggregate amount of approximately $175 million. Shares repurchased under this program were initially held as treasury stock and accordingly repurchases were accounted for at cost under the treasury method. These shares were subsequently retired. This program terminated on August&#xA0;6, 2009.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On March&#xA0;5, 2008, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $150 million of its common stock through the end of 2008. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,491,084 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $29 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. Shares repurchased under this program were initially held as treasury stock and accordingly repurchases were accounted for under the treasury method. These shares have been subsequently retired.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On January&#xA0;31, 2008, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $100 million of its common stock through the end of 2008. Under this program, the Company repurchased 3,847,062 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $26 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. Shares repurchased under this program have been retired.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">On April&#xA0;17, 2007, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to $100.0 million of its common stock through the end of 2007. During the year ended December&#xA0;31, 2007, the Company repurchased 4,733,788 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $21 per share for an aggregate amount of $100 million. Shares repurchased under this program have been retired.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company determined that all shares held in treasury stock would be retired. Accordingly, these constructively retired shares were deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value, until additional paid in capital was exhausted and then from retained earnings.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">There were no unsettled share repurchases as of December&#xA0;31, 2009.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Preferred Stock</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has authorized 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with par value of $0.001 per share. None of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding at December&#xA0;31, 2009 and 2008.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Voting Rights</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The holders of each share of common stock shall be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the Company&#x2019;s stockholders.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Employee Stock Purchase Plan</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (&#x201C;ESPP&#x201D;), which reserved a total of 1,166,666 shares of common stock for issuance. The 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan also provides for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance on the first day of each year, beginning with 2003, equal to the lesser of:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td width="4%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2022;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2% of the outstanding shares of the common stock on the first day of the applicable year;</font></p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td width="4%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2022;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">666,666 shares; and</font></p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td width="4%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2022;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">such other amount as the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors may determine.</font></p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Under the Company&#x2019;s ESPP, employees may purchase common stock of the Company through accumulated payroll deductions. The purchase price of the common stock acquired by the employees participating in the ESPP is 85% of the closing price on either the first day of the offering period or the last day of the purchase period, whichever is lower. Through May&#xA0;1, 2006, offering periods were twenty-four months, and the purchase periods were six months. Therefore, each offering period included four six-month purchase periods, and the purchase price for each six-month period was determined by comparing the closing prices on the first day of the offering period and the last day of the applicable purchase period. In this manner, the look-back for determining the purchase price was up to twenty-four months. However, effective May&#xA0;1, 2006, the ESPP was amended so that offering and purchase periods take place concurrently in consecutive six month increments. Under the amended ESPP, therefore, the look-back for determining the purchase price is six months. Employees may invest up to 15% of their gross compensation through payroll deductions. In no event shall an employee be permitted to purchase more than 8,334 shares of common stock during any six-month purchase period. During the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, employees purchased approximately 224,799, 231,068 and 205,416 shares at average prices of $25.65, $21.00 and $18.43 per share, respectively. Cash received from purchases under the ESPP for the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $5.8 million, $4.9 million and $3.8 million, respectively. As of December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2,841,730 shares were available for future issuance under the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock Option Plans</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In December 1997, the Company adopted the 1997 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in October 2001. The 1997 Stock Plan provides for the issuance of stock purchase rights, incentive stock options or non-statutory stock options. In November 2007, the 1997 Stock Plan expired and, as a result, there were no shares reserved for future issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options under the 1997 Stock Plan as of December&#xA0;31, 2009.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in May 2006. The 2002 Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options and stock purchase rights to employees, directors and consultants. As of December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2,591,267 shares were reserved for future grant under the 2002 Stock Plan.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">A summary of the activities related to the Company&#x2019;s options is as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="33%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Shares&#xA0;Available<br /> for Grant</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom" rowspan="2"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="4" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Options Outstanding</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br /> Remaining<br /> Contractual Term<br /> (in Years)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Aggregate<br /> Intrinsic&#xA0;Value<br /> (in&#xA0;Thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Number of<br /> Shares</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br /> Exercise Price</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balances as of December&#xA0;31, 2006</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,605,184</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,453,453</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">14.23</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Granted</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,103,522</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,103,522</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">21.72</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Exercised</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(828,824</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7.03</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Canceled</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">108,513</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(108,513</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">29.46</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expired</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(615,309</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balances as of December&#xA0;31, 2007</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,994,866</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,619,638</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16.47</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Granted</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(856,733</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">856,733</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">27.98</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Exercised</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,056,641</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13.27</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Canceled</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">54,714</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(54,714</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">28.88</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expired</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balances as of December&#xA0;31, 2008</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,192,515</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,365,016</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">18.81</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Granted</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(601,665</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">601,665</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">41.65</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Exercised</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,724,110</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">17.11</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Canceled</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,133</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(1,133</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12.69</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expired</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(716</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2014;&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Balances as of December&#xA0;31, 2009</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,591,267</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,241,438</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22.74</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.16</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">137,308</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Vested and exercisable at December&#xA0;31, 2009</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,241,438</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22.74</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.16</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">137,308</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company&#x2019;s closing stock price on the last trading day of 2009 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December&#xA0;31, 2009. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company&#x2019;s common stock. Total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $44.7 million, $18.9 million and $13.7 million, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Cash received from option exercises for the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $29.5 million, $14.0 million and $5.8 million, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following table summarizes information on outstanding and exercisable options as of December&#xA0;31, 2009:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="28%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="17%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="17%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="17%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="8" nowrap="nowrap" align="center"> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Options Outstanding and Exercisable</b></font></p> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="center"> <p style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 48pt" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Exercise Price</b></font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Number of<br /> Options</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br /> Remaining<br /> Contractual Life<br /> (Years)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br /> Exercise Price</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$1.50</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">581,057</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.86</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.50</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$&#xA0;&#xA0;3.00&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$11.92</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">427,176</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.90</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">10.79</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$12.38&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$19.48</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">463,604</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5.69</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">16.61</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$20.02&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$22.81</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">461,016</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.97</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">21.56</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$22.83&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$26.29</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">462,788</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7.19</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">24.67</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$26.35&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$27.24</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">423,664</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.62</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">26.85</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$27.25&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$30.84</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">505,602</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7.07</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">29.19</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$30.89&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$36.51</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">457,751</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6.59</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">33.65</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$36.95&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;$53.80</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">421,536</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9.49</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">43.23</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em" align="center"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$58.23</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">37,244</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">9.92</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">58.23</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,241,438</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock-Based Compensation</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Vested stock options granted before June&#xA0;30, 2004 can be exercised up to three months following termination of employment. Vested stock options granted after June&#xA0;30, 2004 and before January&#xA0;1, 2007 can be exercised up to one year following termination of employment. For newly granted options, beginning in January 2007, employee stock options will remain exercisable for the full ten year contractual term regardless of employment status. In conjunction with this change, the Company changed its method of calculating the fair value of new stock-based compensation awards granted under its stock option plans from a Black-Scholes model to a lattice-binomial model. The Company believes that the lattice-binomial model is more capable of incorporating the features of the Company&#x2019;s employee stock options than closed-form models such as the Black-Scholes model. The lattice-binomial model has been applied prospectively to options granted in 2007. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using a lattice-binomial model:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="48%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="7" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year&#xA0;Ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Dividend yield</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected volatility</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">46%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;56</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">50%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;60</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">43%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;52</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Risk-free interest rate</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2.60%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;3.62</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3.68%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;4.00</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.40%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;4.92</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">%&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Suboptimal exercise factor</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.73&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;2.01</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.76&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;2.04</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.77&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;2.09</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The fair value of shares issued under the ESPP is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value shares issued under the ESPP:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="43%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year&#xA0;Ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2009&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2008&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;2007&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Dividend yield</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0%</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected volatility</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">42%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;55%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">55%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;60%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">38%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;47%</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Risk-free interest rate</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.16%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;0.35%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.23%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;1.58%</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4.16%&#xA0;&#x2013;&#xA0;5.07%</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Expected life (in years)</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.5</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.5</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.5</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company estimates expected volatility based on a blend of historical volatility of the Company&#x2019;s common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of its common stock. The Company believes that implied volatility of publicly traded options in its common stock is expected to be more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of its common stock.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company bifurcates its option grants into two employee groupings (executive and non-executive) based on exercise behavior and considers several factors in determining the estimate of expected term for each group, including the historical option exercise behavior, the terms and vesting periods of the options granted. In the year ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.87 to 2.01 for executives and 1.73 to 1.76 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives and 3 years for non-executives. In the year ended December&#xA0;31, 2008, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.90 to 2.04 for executives and 1.76 to 1.77 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives and 3 years for non-executives. In the year ended December&#xA0;31, 2007, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 2.06 to 2.09 for executives and 1.77 to 1.78 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 5 years for executives and 4 years for non-executives.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">In valuing shares issued under the Company&#x2019;s employee stock options, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the contractual term of the options. In valuing shares issued under the Company&#x2019;s ESPP, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the expected term of the shares. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model. The Company does not use a post-vesting termination rate as options are fully vested upon grant date. The weighted-average fair value of employee stock options granted during 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $17.79, $12.25 and $9.68 per share, respectively. The weighted-average fair value of shares granted under the employee stock purchase plan during 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $14.44, $8.28 and $6.70 per share, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense, net of tax, related to stock option plans and employee stock purchases which was allocated as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="69%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Fulfillment expenses</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$380</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">466</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">427</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Technology and development</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">4,453</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,890</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">3,695</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Marketing</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,786</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,886</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2,160</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">General and administrative</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,999</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">6,022</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">5,694</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Stock-based compensation expense before income taxes</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,618</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">12,264</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">11,976</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Income tax benefit</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(5,017</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(4,585</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">(4,760</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">)&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total stock-based compensation after income taxes</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,601</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,679</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">7,216</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td>&#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> </div> 7.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Stockholders&#x2019; Equity On August&#xA0;6, 2009, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 1 1 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Statement Of Financial Position Classified (USD $) In Thousands false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 false 2 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 6 Current assets: 4 us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 7 Cash and cash equivalents 5 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 true true 134224000 134224 false false 2 true true 139881000 139881 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 8 Short-term investments 5 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 186018000 186018 false false 2 false true 157390000 157390 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 9 Prepaid expenses 5 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 12491000 12491 false false 2 false true 8122000 8122 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 10 Prepaid revenue sharing expenses 5 nflx_PrepaidRevenueSharingExpensesCurrent nflx false debit instant monetary Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for revenue sharing expenses in advance of when the expense... false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 17133000 17133 false false 2 false true 18417000 18417 false false Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for revenue sharing expenses in advance of when the expense should be recognized, which will occur within one year or in the normal operating cycle, if longer. Revenue sharing expenses are recorded when either DVDs are shipped to subscribers or streaming content is viewed by subscribers. No authoritative reference available. false 11 Current content library, net 5 nflx_ContentLibraryNetCurrent nflx false debit instant monetary Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content which met the criteria for capitalization,... false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 37329000 37329 false false 2 false true 18691000 18691 false false Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used within one year. No authoritative reference available. false 12 Other current assets 5 us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 23818000 23818 false false 2 false true 16424000 16424 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 13 Total current assets 5 us-gaap_AssetsCurrent us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 411013000 411013 false false 2 false true 358925000 358925 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 14 Content library, net 4 nflx_ContentLibraryNetNoncurrent nflx false debit instant monetary Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content and DVDs which met the criteria for... false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 108810000 108810 false false 2 false true 98547000 98547 false false Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content and DVDs which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used beyond one year. No authoritative reference available. false 15 Property and equipment, net 4 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 131653000 131653 false false 2 false true 124948000 124948 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 16 Deferred tax assets 4 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 15958000 15958 false false 2 false true 22409000 22409 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 17 Other non-current assets 4 us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 12300000 12300 false false 2 false true 10595000 10595 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 18 Total assets 4 us-gaap_Assets us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 679734000 679734 false false 2 false true 615424000 615424 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 20 Current liabilities: 4 us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 21 Accounts payable 5 us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 91475000 91475 false false 2 false true 100344000 100344 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 22 Accrued expenses 5 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 33387000 33387 false false 2 false true 31394000 31394 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 23 Current portion of lease financing obligations 5 us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebtCurrent us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 1410000 1410 false false 2 false true 1152000 1152 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 24 Deferred revenue 5 us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 100097000 100097 false false 2 false true 83127000 83127 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 25 Total current liabilities 5 us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 226369000 226369 false false 2 false true 216017000 216017 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 26 Long-term debt 4 us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 200000000 200000 false false 2 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 27 Lease financing obligations, excluding current portion 4 us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebtNoncurrent us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 36572000 36572 false false 2 false true 37988000 37988 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 28 Other non-current liabilities 4 us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 17650000 17650 false false 2 false true 14264000 14264 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 29 Total liabilities 4 us-gaap_Liabilities us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 480591000 480591 false false 2 false true 268269000 268269 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 31 Stockholders' equity: 4 us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false true false false false 1 false false 0 0 false false 2 false false 0 0 false false No definition available. false 32 Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2009 and 2008; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008 5 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 0 0 false false 2 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 33 Common stock, $0.001 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2009 and 2008; 53,440,073 and 58,862,478 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively 5 us-gaap_CommonStockValue us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 53000 53 false false 2 false true 62000 62 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 34 Additional paid-in capital 5 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 0 0 false false 2 false true 338577000 338577 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 35 Treasury stock at cost (3,491,084 shares at December 31, 2008) 5 us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue us-gaap true debit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 0 0 false false 2 false true -100020000 -100020 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 36 Accumulated other comprehensive income 5 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 273000 273 false false 2 false true 84000 84 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 37 Retained earnings 5 us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 198817000 198817 false false 2 false true 108452000 108452 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 38 Total stockholders' equity 5 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 199143000 199143 false false 2 false true 347155000 347155 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true 39 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 4 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant monetary No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 true true 679734000 679734 false false 2 true true 615424000 615424 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. true false 2 32 false Thousands UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Statement Of Financial Position Classified (Parenthetical) (USD $) false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 false 2 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Preferred stock, par value 3 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare us-gaap true na instant decimal No definition available. false false false false false false false false true 1 true true 0.001 0.001 false false 2 true true 0.001 0.001 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 6 Preferred stock, shares authorized 3 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized us-gaap true na instant shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 10000000 10000000.00 false false 2 false true 10000000 10000000.00 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 7 Preferred stock, shares issued 3 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued us-gaap true na instant shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 0 0 false false 2 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 8 Preferred stock, shares outstanding 3 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding us-gaap true na instant shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 0 0 false false 2 false true 0 0 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 9 Common stock, par value 3 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare us-gaap true na instant decimal No definition available. false false false false false false false false true 1 true true 0.001 0.001 false false 2 true true 0.001 0.001 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 10 Common stock, shares authorized 3 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized us-gaap true na instant shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 160000000 160000000.00 false false 2 false true 160000000 160000000.00 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 11 Common stock, issued and outstanding 3 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding us-gaap true na instant shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 53440073 53440073.00 false false 2 false true 58862478 58862478.00 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false 12 Treasury stock, shares 3 us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares us-gaap true na instant shares No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false true 0 0 false false 2 false true 3491084 3491084.00 false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 2 8 false UnKnown NoRounding Thousands false true
1.0.0.3 true Sheet 101 - Statement - Statement Of Financial Position Classified Statement Of Financial Position Classified R1.xml false Sheet 102 - Statement - Statement Of Financial Position Classified (Parenthetical) Statement Of Financial Position Classified (Parenthetical) R2.xml false Sheet 103 - Statement - Statement Of Income Statement Of Income R3.xml false Sheet 104 - Statement - Statement Of Income (Parenthetical) Statement Of Income (Parenthetical) R4.xml false Sheet 105 - Statement - Statement Of Shareholders Equity And Other Comprehensive Income Statement Of Shareholders Equity And Other Comprehensive Income R5.xml false Sheet 106 - Statement - Statement Of Cash Flows Indirect Statement Of Cash Flows Indirect R6.xml false Sheet 107 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies R7.xml false Sheet 108 - Disclosure - Short-term Investments Short-term Investments R8.xml false Sheet 109 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components Balance Sheet Components R9.xml false Sheet 110 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt Long-term Debt R10.xml false Sheet 111 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies Commitments and Contingencies R11.xml false Sheet 112 - Disclosure - Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations R12.xml false Sheet 113 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity Stockholders' Equity R13.xml false Sheet 114 - Disclosure - Income Taxes Income Taxes R14.xml false Sheet 115 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plan Employee Benefit Plan R15.xml false Sheet 116 - Disclosure - Related Party Transaction Related Party Transaction R16.xml false Sheet 117 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) R17.xml false Sheet 118 - Disclosure - Document Information Document Information R18.xml false Sheet 119 - Disclosure - Entity Information Entity Information R19.xml false Book All Reports All Reports 1 43 5 0 3 140 true false eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20061231_0_411810x400328 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20061231_0_411810x400354 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20081231_0_411810x400328 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20091231_0 37 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20091231_0_411810x412372 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20091231_0_411810x400354 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_366_20081231_0_411810x401105 5 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20090630_0 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20091231_0_411810x400328 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_366_20081231_0_411810x400354 5 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_366_20081231_0 74 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20081231_0 37 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_365_20071231_0_411810x410600 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20081231_0_411810x410600 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20091231_0_411810x410600 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20061231_0_411810x410600 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_365_20091231_0_411810x400328 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_365_20071231_0 72 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20071231_0_411810x400354 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20091231_0_411810x401105 2 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_365_20091231_0 95 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_365_20091231_0_411810x412372 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_366_20081231_0_411810x400328 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20071231_0_411810x400328 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20081231_0_411810x401105 2 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20071231_0 2 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_365_20071231_0_411810x400328 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20071231_0_411810x412372 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20061231_0_411810x401105 2 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_365_20071231_0_411810x400354 5 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_365_20071231_0_411810x401105 4 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20061231_0 2 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20081231_0_411810x412372 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20071231_0_411810x410600 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_365_20091231_0_411810x400354 5 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20061231_0_411810x412372 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_365_20091231_0_411810x410600 2 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20071231_0_411810x401105 2 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_366_20081231_0_411810x412372 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_365_20091231_0_411810x401105 5 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20100131_0 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_366_20081231_0_411810x410600 1 eol_PE75377---0910-K0009_STD_0_20081231_0_411810x400354 1 true true
begin 644 Financial_Report.xls MT,\1X*&Q&N$`````````````````````/@`#`/[_"0`&```````````````" M`````0``````````$```K@````$```#^____```````````"````________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M_______________________]_____O____W___\$````!0````8````'```` M"`````D````*````"P````P````-````#@````\````0````$0```!(````3 M````%````!4````6````%P```!@````9````&@```!L```` ````7P```&````!A```` M8@```&,```!D````90```&8```!G````:````&D```!J````:P```&P```!M M````;@```&\```!P```` @```'L```!\````?0```'X```!_````@````%(`;P!O`'0`(`!% M`&X`=`!R`'D````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````6``4`__________\"```````````````````````````````` M`````````-"C>.ORL\H!KP```$`!````````5P!O`'(`:P!B`&\`;P!K```` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M`!(``@#_______________\````````````````````````````````````` M```````````#````=%4!```````%`%,`=0!M`&T`80!R`'D`20!N`&8`;P!R M`&T`80!T`&D`;P!N````````````````````````````````````*``"`0$` M```#````_____P`````````````````````````````````````````````` M``````"```````````4`1`!O`&,`=0!M`&4`;@!T`%,`=0!M`&T`80!R`'D` M20!N`&8`;P!R`&T`80!T`&D`;P!N```````````````X``(`____________ M____`````````````````````````````````````````````````@```*`` M````````@0```((```"#````A````(4```"&````AP```(@```")````B@`` M`(L```",````C0```(X```"/````D````)$```"2````DP```)0```"5```` ME@```) ````GP```*````"A M````H@```*,```"D````I0```*8```"G````J````*D```"J````JP```*P` M``"M````_O____[____^________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M______________________________\)"!````8%`$88S0?!@```!@(``.$` M`@"P!,$``@```.(```! &)R;```!@(````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M`````````````````````````````````````````````````````$(``@"P M!&$!`@```,`!```]`28``0`"``,`!``%``8`!P`(``D`"@`+``P`#0`.``\` M$``1`!(`$P" !# !",`I``/``$D M`",`+``C`",`,``[`"@`)``C`"P`(P`C`#``*0`>!!\`I0`-``$C`"P`(P`C M`#``.P`H`",`+``C`",`,``I`!X$+P"F`!4``20`(P`L`",`(P`P`"X`(P`C M`#L`*``D`",`+``C`",`,``N`",`(P`I`.``%```````]?\@```````````` M``#`(.``%``!````]?\@``#T``````````!!(.``%``!````]?\@``#T```` M``````!!(.``%``"````]?\@``#T``````````!!(.``%``"````]?\@``#T M``````````!!(.``%```````]?\@``#T``````````!!(.``%```````]?\@ M``#T``````````!!(.``%```````]?\@``#T``````````!!(.``%``````` M]?\@``#T``````````!!(.``%```````]?\@``#T``````````!!(.``%``` M````]?\@``#T``````````!!(.``%```````]?\@``#T``````````!!(.`` M%```````]?\@``#T``````````!!(.``%```````]?\@``#T``````````!! M(.``%```````]?\@``#T``````````!!(.``%````````0`@```````````` M``#`(.``%``!`"L`]?\@``#X``````````!!(.``%``!`"D`]?\@``#X```` M``````!!(.``%``!`"P`]?\@``#X``````````!!(.``%``!`"H`]?\@``#X M``````````!!(.``%``!``D`]?\@``#X``````````!!(.``%``%`````0`@ M```(``````````#`(.``%``%`````0`H```8``````````#`(.``%``%```` M`0`J```8``````````#`(.``%````````0`H```0``````````#`(.``%``` M`*0``0`@```$``````````#`(.``%````*4``0`@```$``````````#`(.`` M%``&`*4``0`@```,``````````#`(.``%``&`*0``0`@```,``````````#` M(.``%````*8``0`@```$``````````#`(.``%``'`````0`@```(```````` M``#`(.``%```````"0`@``````````````#`(.``%```````"0`H```0```` M``````#`(.``%```````"0`(```0``````````#`(),"!```@`#_DP($`!"` M`_^3`@0`$8`&_Y,"!``2@`3_DP($`!.`!_^3`@0`%(`%_V`!`@```(4`1@`! M!P$````?`5,`=`!A`'0`90!M`&4`;@!T`"``3P!F`"``1@!I`&X`80!N`&,` M:0!A`&P`(`!0`&\` 0`L`"``;@!E`'0`%``!3P!T`&@`90!R`"``8P!U`'(` M 0`L`"``;@!E`'0`&P`!4`!R`&\` 0`Z`)T``5`` @!E`&0`'@`!4`!R`&4`9@!E`'(` 0`@`',`=`!O`&,` M:P`L`"`` `!C`&4` `!P`&4`;@!S`&4`*0`Z`!```4D`;@!T`&4` `!P`&4`;@!S`&4`(P`!20!N`'0`90!R`&4` `!E`',`"@`!3@!E`'0`(`!I`&X`8P!O`&T`90`5``%.`&4` M=``@`&D`;@!C`&\`;0!E`"`` `!C`&4` @!E`&0`(`!G`&$`:0!N`',`(`!O`&X`(`!A`'8`80!I`&P`80!B M`&P`90`M`&8`;P!R`"T` `!E`'(`8P!I`',`90`@`&\`9@`@`&\` 0!E`&4`(`!S`'0`;P!C`&L`(`!P M`'4` ``@`&(`90!N`&4`9@!I`'0` 0`K``%%`&X`9`!I`&X`9P`@`$(`80!L`&$` M;@!C`&4`(``H`&D`;@`@`',`:`!A`'(`90!S`"D`(`!A`'0`(`!$`&4`8P`N M`"``,P`Q`"P`(``R`#``,``X`!\``44`;@!D`&D`;@!G`"``0@!A`&P`80!N M`&,`90`@`&$`=``@`$0`90!C`"X`(``S`#$`+``@`#(`,``P`#@`*P`!10!N M`&0`:0!N`& 0`L`"``90!Q`'4`:0!P`&T` M90!N`'0`(`!A`#P`'"`!;@!D`"``:0!N`'0`80!N`& @!A`'0`:0!O`&X` M(`!O`&8`(`!D`&D` 0`@`&$`;@!D`"``90!Q`'4`:0!P`&T`90!N`'0`)@`! M1P!A`&D`;@`@`&\`;@`@`',`80!L`&4`(`!O`&8`(`!S`&@`;P!R`'0`+0!T M`&4` `!E`',`+``!0P!H`&$`;@!G`&4` 0` 0`@`&\` 0!M M`&4`;@!T`',`(`!O`&X`(`!L`&D`;@!E`"``;P!F`"``8P!R`&4`9`!I`'0` M-0`!4`!R`&\`8P!E`&4`9`!S`"``9@!R`&\`;0`@`&D` 0!E`&$` M `!E`',`(`!P`&$`:0!D``T``4D`;@!T`&4` M @!A`'0`:0!O`&X` M(`!A`&X`9``@`%,`=0!M`&T`80!R`'D`(`!O`&8`(`!3`&D`9P!N`&D`9@!I M`&,`80!N`'0`(`!!`&,`8P!O`'4`;@!T`&D`;@!G`"``4`!O`&P`:0!C`&D` M90!S`"X``3$`,@`@`$T`;P!N`'0`:`!S`"``10!N`&0`90!D``T`"@!$`&4` M8P`N`"``,P`Q`"P`(``R`#``,``Y``T`"@!5`%,`1``@`"\`(`!S`&@`80!R M`&4` 0`@`&\`9@`@`%,`:0!G`&X`:0!F`&D` M8P!A`&X`=``@`$$`8P!C`&\`=0!N`'0`:0!N`& ``L`"``20!N`&,`+@`@ M`"@`=`!H`&4`(`!#`&\`;0!P`&$`;@!Y`"D`(`!W`&$` 0`L`"`` 0`@`&$`;@!D`"``80`@`'8`80!S`'0` M(`!A`'(` 0!E`'(` 0`@`&$`=``@`'0`:`!E`&D` M 0!S`"`` `!T`"``80!V`&$`:0!L M`&$`8@!L`&4`(`!$`%8`1``@`&D`;@`@`&$`(`!S`'4`8@!S`&,` 0`@`&D` 0`N`"``20!N`'0`90!R`&,` M;P!M`'``80!N`'D`(`!B`&$`;`!A`&X`8P!E`',`(`!A`&X`9``@`'0` 0`@`&@`80!S`"``90!V`&$`;`!U`&$` M=`!E`&0`(`!S`'4`8@!S`&4` `!P`&4`;@!S`&4` `!P`&4` 0`@`&D` 0`@`&$`;@!D`"``:`!O`&P`9``@`',` M90!C`'4` 0!S`"`` 0`@`',`90!L`&P`(`!C`&4` 0`@`&X`;P!T`"``=`!O`"``9P!E`&X`90!R`&$`=`!E`"`` @!E`&0`(`!,`&\` 0`@`&D`;0!P`&$`:0!R`&4`9``L`"``80!G`& 0`@`&D`;@!V`&4` @!E`&0`(`!,`&\` @!E`&0`(`!, M`&\` 0`L`"``3@!E`'0`(``-``T`(`!#`&\`;@!T`&4`;@!T`"``;`!I M`&(` 0`@`&$`;@!D`"``80!C`&,`=0!M`'4`;`!A`'0`90!D`"`` M80!M`&\` @!A`'0`:0!O`&X`(`!C`&\`;@!S`&D` 0`L`"``9P!R`&\` 0`L`"``;@!E`'0`(``@``D`"0`@``D`,P`W`"P` M,P`R`#D`(``)``D`(``)``D`,0`X`"P`-@`Y`#$`(``)``T`#0`)`"``"0`) M`"``(``)``D`(``)``D`(``@``D`#0`-``T`0P!O`&X`=`!E`&X`=``@`&P` M:0!B`'(`80!R`'D`+``@`&X`90!T`"``(``)``D`)``@``D`,0`P`#@`+``X M`#$`,``@``D`"0`@``D`)``@``D`.0`X`"P`-0`T`# 0`@ M`&$`;@!D`"``10!Q`'4`:0!P`&T`90!N`'0`+``@`$X`90!T`"``#0`-`"`` M4`!R`&\` 0!E`&$` 0!E`&$` 0`@`"0`,0`S`"X`,0`@`&T`:0!L`&P`:0!O`&X`(`!O`&8`(`!O`'``90!R M`&$`=`!I`&\`;@!S`"``90!Q`'4`:0!P`&T`90!N`'0`(`!A`&X`9``@`"0` M,0`N`#D`(`!M`&D`;`!L`&D`;P!N`"``;P!F`"`` 0`@`"0`,``N`#$`(`!M M`&D`;`!L`&D`;P!N`"``;P!F`"``;`!E`&$` 0`L`"`` `!P`&4`;@!S`&4` ``@ M`"``"0`)`"0`(``)`#$`,0`L`#8`,@`U`"``"0`)`"0`(``)`#D`+``Q`#(` M-P`@`"``#0`-``T`00!C`&,` 0`@`&8` `!I`&T`80!T`&4`;`!Y`"``)``Q`#D`,P`N`#D`(`!M`&D`;`!L`&D`;P!N M`"X`(`!$`&4`8@!T`"``:0!S`',`=0!A`&X`8P!E`"``8P!O`',`=`!S`"`` M;P!F`"``)``V`"X`,0`@`&T`:0!L`&P`:0!O`&X`(`!A`'(`90`@`'(`90!C M`&\` @!E`&0`(`!O`'8`90!R`"``=`!H`&4`(`!T`&4` 0`Q`#4`(`!A`&X`9``@`$X`;P!V`&4`;0!B`&4` 0!E`&$` 0`@`'(`90!D`&4`90!M M`"``=0!P`"``=`!O`"``,P`U`"4`(`!O`&8`(`!T`&@`90`@`#@`+@`U`#`` M)0!.`&\`=`!E`',`(`!A`'0`(`!A`"`` 0`@`'(`90!D M`&4`90!M`"``=`!H`&4`(``X`"X`-0`P`"4`3@!O`'0`90!S`"`` 0`@`&T`80!Y`"`` 0`@`&,`;P!U`'(` 0!P`&4` 0`@ M`&4`;@!T`&4` 0`@`' `!I`&T`80!T`&4`;`!Y`"``)``Q`#D`+@`P M`"``;0!I`&P`;`!I`&\`;@`N`"``20!N`"``8P!O`&X`;@!E`&,`=`!I`&\` M;@`@`' 0`@`'0`;P`@`'``80!Y`"`` 0!S`"X`(`!&`&\` @!I`&X`9P`@`&T`:0!N`&D`;0!U`&T`(`!R M`&4`;@!T`&$`;``@`&4`>`!P`&4`;@!S`&4` @!A M`'0`:0!O`&X`+``@`' 0`@`&4`;@!T M`&4` 0`@`'(`90!C`&\` 0`@`&@` M80!S`"``=`!H`&4`(`!O`'``=`!I`&\`;@`@`'0`;P`@`&4`>`!T`&4`;@!D M`"``;P!R`"`` 0`@`&D`;@!C`'(`90!A M`',`90`@`'0`:`!E`"``9@!U`'0`=0!R`&4`(`!M`&D`;@!I`&T`=0!M`"`` M;`!E`&$` 0!E`&$` 0`N`"``#0`-`"``5`!H`&4`(`!#`&\`;0!P`&$` M;@!Y`"``80!L`',`;P`@`&@`80!S`"``)``Q`#$`-``N`#@`(`!M`&D`;`!L M`&D`;P!N`"``;P!F`"``8P!O`&T`;0!I`'0`;0!E`&X`=`!S`"``80!T`"`` M1`!E`&,`90!M`&(`90!R`#,`,0`L`"``,@`P`#``.0`@`'(`90!L`&$`=`!E M`&0`(`!T`&\`(`!S`'0` `!E`&,`=0!T`&4`9``@`&(` M=0!T`"``9@!O`'(`(`!W`&@`:0!C`&@`(`!T`&@`90`@`',`=`!R`&4`80!M M`&D`;@!G`"``8P!O`&X`=`!E`&X`=``@`&0`;P!E`',`(`!N`&\`=``@`&T` M90!E`'0`(`!A`',` 0`@`'0`;P`@`&P` M:0!T`&D`9P!A`'0`:0!O`&X`(`!M`&$`=`!T`&4` ``@`&P`90!G`&$`;``@`'`` 0`@`&,`;P!U`'(` 0!I`&X`9P`@`',`8P!O`'``90`@`&$`;@!D`"``=`!E M`'(`;0!S`"``=`!O`"``8@!U`',`:0!N`&4` 0!S`"``8@!R`&4`80!C`&@`(`!O`&8`(`!S`'4`8P!H`"`` M80!G`'(`90!E`&T`90!N`'0` 0`@`&D` M;@!F`'(`:0!N`& 0!M`&4`;@!T`',`+@`@`$D`;@`@`&$`9`!D`&D`=`!I`&\`;@`L`"``=`!H M`&4`(`!#`&\`;0!P`&$`;@!Y`"``:`!A`',`(`!E`&X`=`!E`'(`90!D`"`` M:0!N`'0`;P`@`&D`;@!D`&4`;0!N`&D`9@!I`&,`80!T`&D`;P!N`"``80!G M`'(`90!E`&T`90!N`'0` 0`@`'0` M:`!E`&T`(`!A`& 0`@`&$` 0`@`'(`90!A`',`;P!N`"``;P!F`"``=`!H`&4`:0!R`"`` `!I`&T`=0!M`"`` @!E`&0`(`!A`"`` 0`@`'0`;P`@`'(`90!P`'4` 0`@`"0`-``W`"`` 0`@`',` M=`!O`&,`:P`@`&$`;@!D`"``80!C`&,`;P!R`&0`:0!N`& 0`@`"0`-@`R`"``9@!O`'(`(`!A`&X`(`!A`& 0`@`'(`90!P`'4` `!I`&T`80!T`&4`;`!Y`"``)``T`#(`(`!P`&4` M 0`@`&@`90!L`&0`(`!A`',`(`!T`'(`90!A`',`=0!R`'D`(`!S`'0` M;P!C`&L`(`!A`&X`9``@`&$`8P!C`&\` 0`@`'(`90!P M`'4` 0!S`"``0@!O M`&$` 0`@`'(`90!T`&D` 0`@`'0`;P`@`'(`90!P`'4` 0`@`"0`,@`V`"`` 0`@`'0`;P`@`'(`90!P M`'4` 0!E`&$` 0`@`'(`90!P`'4` `!I`&T` M80!T`&4`;`!Y`"``)``R`#$`(`!P`&4` `!E`',`@`P!#0`-``T`.``N`$D`;@!C`&\` M;0!E`"``5`!A`'@`90!S`"``#0`-`"``5`!H`&4`(`!C`&\`;0!P`&\`;@!E M`&X`=`!S`"``;P!F`"`` ``@`'`` ``@`&4`>`!P`&4`;@!S`&4`(`!A`'0`(`!5`"X`4P`N`"`` M9@!E`&0`90!R`&$`;``@`',`=`!A`'0`=0!T`&\` `!E`',`+``@`&X`90!T`"``;P!F`"``1@!E`&0`90!R`&$`;``@`&D`;@!C M`&\`;0!E`"``=`!A`'@`(`!E`&8`9@!E`&,`=``@`"``"0`)`"``"0`Q`#`` M+``S`#4`,``@``D`"0`@``D`"0`U`"P`,0`U`#4`(``)``D`(``)``D`-0`L M`#@`,0`X`"``"0`-``T`#0!6`&$`;`!U`&$`=`!I`&\`;@`@`&$`;`!L`&\` M=P!A`&X`8P!E`"``(``)``D`(``)``D`(``)``D`(``)``D`(``)``D`(``) M`"@`.``P`"``"0`I`"``(``-``T`#0!2`$0`(`!T`&$`>``@`&,` `!E`',`(``@``D`"0`D`"``"0`W`#8`+``S M`#,`,@`@``D`"0`@``D`)``@``D`-``X`"P`-``W`#0`(``)``D`(``)`"0` M(``)`#0`-``L`#,`,0`W`"``"0`-``T`"0`@``D`"0`@`"``"0`)`"``"0`) M`"``(``)``D`(``)``D`(``@``D`#0`-``T`(`!4`&@`90`@`'0`80!X`"`` M90!F`&8`90!C`'0` ``@`&,`80!R`'(` M>0!F`&\` ``@`&$` ``@`'``;`!A M`&X`;@!I`&X`9P`@`',`=`!R`&$`=`!E`& 0`@`'0`:`!A`&X`(`!N`&\`=``@ M`'0`:`!A`'0`(`!S`'4`8@!S`'0`80!N`'0`:0!A`&P`;`!Y`"``80!L`&P` M(`!D`&4`9@!E`'(` ``@`&$` `!P`&4`8P!T`&4`9``@`'0`;P`@`'(`90!S`'4`;`!T`"``:0!N`"`` @!E`&0`(`!T`&$`>``@`&(`90!N`&4`9@!I`'0` M 0!S`"``90!F`&8`90!C`'0`:0!V`&4`(`!T`&$`>``@`'(`80!T M`&4`+@`@`$$` 0`@`&@`80!D`"``)``Q M`#``+@`Y`"``;0!I`&P`;`!I`&\`;@`@`& 0!E`&4`(`!"`&4`;@!E`&8`:0!T`"``4`!L M`&$`;@`@``T`#0`@`%0`:`!E`"``0P!O`&T` 0`@`&T`80!I`&X` M=`!A`&D`;@!S`"``80`@`#0`,``Q`"@`:P`I`"`` 0!E`&4` M 0`@`'0`:`!R`&\`=0!G`&@`(`!P`&$`>0!R`&\`;`!L`"``9`!E M`&0`=0!C`'0`:0!O`&X` 0`@`&P`:0!M M`&D`=`!S`"`` ``@`&4`;@!T`&4` 0`@`&D`;@`@`' ``@`'(`90!C`&\` 0`@`&$`;@!D`"``9`!E`'8`90!L`&\` 0`@ M`#(`,``P`#@`+``@`&D`;@`@`&,`;P!N`&H`=0!N`&,`=`!I`&\`;@`@`' 0`L`"``;P!F`"``=P!H`&D` M8P!H`"``)``U`"X`-P`@`&T`:0!L`&P`:0!O`&X`(`!W`&$` 0!E`&4`(`!W`&D`=`!H`"``=`!H`&4` M(`!S`&D`9P!N`&D`9@!I`&,`80!N`'0`(`!O`' 0!M`&4`;@!T`"``=P!I`'0`:``@`$X`90!T`&8`;`!I`'@` M+@`@`$D`;@`@`'0`:`!E`"``9@!O`'4` ``@`',`;P!L`&0` M(`!I`'0` 0`@`'0`;P`@`&$`;@`@`'4`;@!R`&4`;`!A`'0` M90!D`"`` @!E`&0`(`!A M`"`` ``@`& 0`@`%(`90!G`&D` 0`@`$,`90!N`'0` 0`*``$P`#``,``Q`#``-@`U`#(`.``P`!P` M`4,`=0!R`'(`90!N`'0`(`!&`&D` 0`@ M`% 0`@`$,`=0!R`'(`90!N M`'0`(`!2`&4` `$``(\0```,`P``\1$``&X$``!7%@``U`@``)T8```: M"P``EQH``!0-``#3&P``4`X``#,=``"P#P``I1X``"(1``"](@``.A4``!\E M``" 0`(`_0`*`!(` M```8`!0```"]`!(`$@`!`!H```B60!H```"20`(`_0`*`!,````8`!4```"] M`!(`$P`!`!H`$'#X0!H` ``$`&@``$'%`&@```%5``@#]``H`'P```!@` M(0```+T`$@`?``$`&@`(10A!&@!`>OI``@#7`$0`K@8``&P"#@`J``X`)``D M`"0`)``D`"0`)``D`"0`)``D`"0`#@`D`"0`)``D`"0`)``D`"0`)``.`"0` M)``D`"0`)``(`A``(`````(`_P````````$/``@"$``A`````@#_```````` M`0\`_0`*`"`````8`"(```"]`!(`(``!`!L`.$\(01L`3#`500(`_0`*`"$` M```8`",```"]`!(`(0`!`!P`;+XD01P``,@B00(`UP`(`'`````4`"0`/@(2 M`+8&`````$```````````````*``!`!D`&0`'0`/``,````````!```````` M`.\`!@```# ``$"!@`#``8`'@#]``H`!````!@`-````'X" M"@`$``$`&@!6@C `'X""@`$``,`&@"V="X``0(&``0`!``> M`'X""@`$``4`&@!>C2@``0(&``0`!@`>`/T`"@`%````&``U````?@(*``4` M`0`:`)"Z!$']``H`!0`"`!X`-@```'X""@`%``,`&@!H,P)!_0`*``4`!``> M`#8```!^`@H`!0`%`!H`$+K]0/T`"@`%``8`'@`V````_0`*``8````8`# `'X""@`'``,`&P!LO!M!`0(&`` M`'X""@`'``4`&P"0E1E!`0(&`` `/T`"@`(````%@`Y`````0(&``@` M`@`>``$"!@`(``0`'@`!`@8`"``&`!X`_0`*``D````8`#H```!^`@H`"0`! M`!H`X/;[0/T`"@`)``(`'@`V````?@(*``D``P`:`!#Q]4#]``H`"0`$`!X` M-@```'X""@`)``4`&@`P5/%`_0`*``D`!@`>`#8```#]``H`"@```!@`.P`` M`'X""@`*``$`&@"`!0U!_0`*``H``@`>`#8```!^`@H`"@`#`!H`"&$(0?T` M"@`*``0`'@`V````?@(*``H`!0`:`""C"D']``H`"@`&`!X`-@```/T`"@`+ M````&``\````?@(*``L``0`:`*`0Z4#]``H`"P`"`!X`-@```'X""@`+``,` M&@#`/^A`_0`*``L`!``>`#8```!^`@H`"P`%`!H`@);I0/T`"@`+``8`'@`V M````_0`*``P````8`#T```!^`@H`#``!`!H``-"QP`$"!@`,``(`'@!^`@H` M#``#`!H``+>XP`$"!@`,``0`'@!^`@H`#``%`!H``!R\P`$"!@`,``8`'@#] M``H`#0```!@`/@```'X""@`-``$`&@```````0(&``T``@`>`'X""@`-``,` M&@```````0(&``T`!``>`'X""@`-``4`&@``6+O``0(&``T`!@`>`/T`"@`. M````&``_````?@(*``X``0`;`$Q;&$$!`@8`#@`"`!X`?@(*``X``P`;`.11 M%$$!`@8`#@`$`!X`?@(*``X`!0`;`)S[$T$!`@8`#@`&`!X`_0`*``\````8 M`$````!^`@H`#P`!`!L`&&X'00$"!@`/``(`'@!^`@H`#P`#`!L`(*K]0`$" M!@`/``0`'@!^`@H`#P`%`!L`T&?V0`$"!@`/``8`'@#]``H`$````!8`00`` M``$"!@`0``(`'@`!`@8`$``$`!X``0(&`!``!@`>`/T`"@`1````&`!"```` M?@(*`!$``0`:``!+N `'X""@`3``,`&P!@#0!!`0(&`!,`!``>`'X""@`3 M``4`&P#0%/M``0(&`!,`!@`>`/T`"@`4````&`!%````?@(*`!0``0`:`,"B M\D`!`@8`%``"`!X`?@(*`!0``P`:`$"KYT`!`@8`%``$`!X`?@(*`!0`!0`: M`*"CY4`!`@8`%``&`!X`_0`*`!4````8`$8```!^`@H`%0`!`!P`0$G\0`$" M!@`5``(`'@!^`@H`%0`#`!P`($7T0`$"!@`5``0`'@!^`@H`%0`%`!P``$/P M0`$"!@`5``8`'@#]``H`%@```!8`1P````$"!@`6``(`'@`!`@8`%@`$`!X` M`0(&`!8`!@`>`/T`"@`7````&`!(`````P(.`! `'X""@`7``,`'0`!`&%``0(&`! `'X""@`7``4`'0`!P%A` M`0(&`! `/T`"@`8````&`!)````?@(*`!@``0`=``'`:$`!`@8`&``" M`!X`?@(*`!@``P`=``&`8$`!`@8`&``$`!X`?@(*`!@`!0`=``%`6$`!`@8` M&``&`!X`_0`*`!D````6`$H````!`@8`&0`"`!X``0(&`!D`!``>``$"!@`9 M``8`'@#]``H`&@```!@`2````'X""@`:``$`&@``GNM``0(&`!H``@`>`'X" M"@`:``,`&@`@Q.U``0(&`!H`!``>`'X""@`:``4`&@!`8/!``0(&`!H`!@`> M`/T`"@`;````&`!)````?@(*`!L``0`:``"&[$`!`@8`&P`"`!X`?@(*`!L` M`P`:`("N[D`!`@8`&P`$`!X`?@(*`!L`!0`:`\$`!`@8`&P`&`!X`_0`* M`!P````8`$L```#7`#X`M@H``#`"#@`X`%8`+`!6`&(`5@!6`"P`8@!B`&(` M5@!6`%8`5@`L`%8`5@!6`%8`5@`L`%H`5@`L`%8`5@`^`A(`M@``````0``` M````````````H``$`&0`9``=``\``P````````$`````````Y0`*``$`'`` D`#`/T`"@`#````&`!.````O0`8``,``0`:``!EL4`: M``!DKD`:``#>K$`#`/T`"@`$````&`!/````O0`8``0``0`:``#HFT`:``!X MG4`:``#@H$`#`/T`"@`%````&`!0````O0`8``4``0`9``!OMT`9``"&MT`9 M```^MD`#`- ````?@(*``@``0`:`$`3"4']``H`"0```!@`7P```'X""@`)``(`&@`` MEJU`?@(*``D`!@`:``"6K4#]``H`"@```!@`8`````,"#@`*``$`&@`````` MUPY2P?T`"@`+````&`!A````O0`2``L``0`:````$,`:`.!@^,`"`'X""@`+ M``8`&@`@8?C`_0`*``P````8`&(```!^`@H`#``"`!H``&3'0'X""@`,``8` M&@``9,=`_0`*``T````8`&,```!^`@H`#0`"`!H``*+90'X""@`-``8`&@`` MHME`_0`*``X````8`&0```!^`@H`#@`!`!H`3OAY#_T`"@`/````&`!E```` MO0`J``\``0`:``!`4$`:`%B4&$$:```````:```LF4`:`(#4V$`:`-`[&D$& M`/T`"@`0````&`!&````O0`2`!``!0`:`"!%]$`:`"!%]$`&`/T`"@`1```` M&`!;````?@(*`!$`!``:``# ````&`!&````O0`2`!X`!0`:`$!)_$`:`$!)_$`&`/T` M"@`?````&`!;````?@(*`!\`!``:``"@9T!^`@H`'P`&`!H``*!G0- 0```+T`&``1``$`&@"`?,7`&@``5;#`&@``:J[``P#]``H` M$@```!@`>@```+T`&``2``$`&@`@6^_`&@!`E.?`&@"@`.'``P#]``H`$P`` M`!@`$@```+T`&``3``$`&@``H*'`&@``Q[M`&@#`*M!``P#]``H`%````!@` M$P```+T`&``4``$`&@"`N,E`&@``@)S`&@`@!>!``P#]``H`%0```!@`%0`` M`+T`&``5``$`&@"`DM!`&@``8\9`&@``#)]``P#]``H`%@```!@`>P```+T` M&``6``$`&@``5)I`&@"`V,%`&@``:*9``P#]``H`%P```!@`?````+T`&``7 M``$`&P` ````&`"#````O0`8`!X``0`: M`*"0!\$:``CA`\$:`#AX" %` M&@``;M)`&@"`Q,)``P#]``H`)P```!@`<P```+T`&``G``$`&@"`Q<A`&@`` M9+1`&@``HME``P#]``H`*````!@`C````+T`&``H``$`&@"`B-)`&@`````` M&@```````P#]``H`*0```!@`C0```+T`&``I``$`&@``B-/`&@``````&@`` M`````P#]``H`*@```!@`C@```+T`&``J``$`&@#HJP=!&@``````&@`````` M`P#]``H`*P```!@`80```+T`&``K``$`&@"\RQ/!&@``9PC!&@`@8?C``P#] M``H`+````!@`CP```+T`&``L``$`&P`0JO3`&P#8CP7!&P#@<._``P#]``H` M+0```!@`D````+T`&``M``$`&P``&;;`&P#`5N+`&P!X.`O!`P#]``H`+@`` M`!@`D0```+T`&``N``$`&@!($P%!&@#XJ`5!&@"X<!A!`P#]``H`+P```!@` MD@```+T`&``O``$`&@"`8@!!&@!($P%!&@#XJ`5!`P#]``H`,````!8`DP`` M`/T`"@`Q````&`"4````O0`8`#$``0`:`$"R[$`:`,#%XT`:`(#/SD`#`/T` M"@`R````&`"5````O0`8`#(``0`9``!,KD`9```THT`9``"0DD`#`-<`*@!B M!```:`$J`"H`*@`J``X`*@`J`"H`*@`J`"H`*@`J`"H`*@`J``X`*@`^`A(` MM@``````0```````````````H``$`&0`9``=``\``P````````$````````` M[P`&````-P````H````)"!````80`$88S0?!@```!@(```L"%``````````` M``,`````````+3T!``T``@`!``P``@!D``\``@`!`!$``@```!``"`#\J?'2 M36)0/U\``@`!`"H``@```"L``@```((``@`!`(``"````````````"4"!``` M`/\`@0`"`,$$%````!4```"#``(```"$``(```"A`"(`"0!D``$``0`!`$8` M6`)8`@```````.`_````````X#\!`%4``@`(`'T`#```````MCP/````!`!] M``P``0`!`+88#P````0`?0`,``(`_P`D"0\````$```"#@```````P`````` M`@````@"$`````````#_`````````0\`"`(0``$````!`/\````````!#P`( M`A```@````$`_P````````$/`/T`"@``````%P"6`````0(&``$````7`/T` M"@`!``$`%P"7````_0`*``(````8`)8```#]``H``@`!`"$`F````-<`"@!^ M````*``.`!@`/@(2`+8``````$```````````````*``!`!D`&0`'0`/``,` M```````!`````````.\`!@```#<````*````"0@0```&$`!&&,T'P8````8" M```+`A0````````````#`````````/P^`0`-``(``0`,``(`9``/``(``0`1 M``(````0``@`_*GQTDUB4#]?``(``0`J``(````K``(```""``(``0"```@` M```````````E`@0```#_`($``@#!!!0````5````@P`"````A``"````H0`B M``D`9``!``$``0!&`%@"6`(```````#@/P```````.`_`0!5``(`"`!]``P` M`````+8\#P````0`?0`,``$``0"V&`\````$`'T`#``"`/\`)`D/````!``` M`@X```````,```````(````(`A``````````_P````````$/``@"$``!```` M`0#_`````````0\`"`(0``(````!`/\````````!#P#]``H``````!<`F0`` M``$"!@`!````%P#]``H``0`!`!<`EP```/T`"@`"````&`"9````_0`*``(` M`0`A`)H```#7``H`?@```"@`#@`8`#X"$@"V``````!```````````````"@ M``0`9`!D`!T`#P`#`````````0````````#O``8````W````"@````D($``` M!A``1AC-!\&````&`@``"P(4`````````````P````````#+0`$`#0`"``$` M#``"`&0`#P`"``$`$0`"````$``(`/RI\=)-8E`_7P`"``$`*@`"````*P`" M````@@`"``$`@``(````````````)0($````_P"!``(`P004````%0```(,` M`@```(0``@```*$`(@`)`&0``0`!``$`1@!8`E@"````````X#\```````#@ M/P$`50`"``@`?0`,``````"V/`\````$`'T`#``!``$`MA@/````!`!]``P` M`@#_`"0)#P````0```(.```````#```````"````"`(0`````````/\````` M```!#P`(`A```0````$`_P````````$/``@"$``"`````0#_`````````0\` M_0`*```````7`)L````!`@8``0```!<`_0`*``$``0`7`)<```#]``H``@`` M`!@`FP```/T`"@`"``$`(0"<````UP`*`'X````H``X`&``^`A(`M@`````` M0```````````````H``$`&0`9``=``\``P````````$`````````[P`&```` M-P````H````)"!````80`$88S0?!@```!@(```L"%`````````````,````` M````FD(!``T``@`!``P``@!D``\``@`!`!$``@```!``"`#\J?'236)0/U\` M`@`!`"H``@```"L``@```((``@`!`(``"````````````"4"!````/\`@0`" M`,$$%````!4```"#``(```"$``(```"A`"(`"0!D``$``0`!`$8`6`)8`@`` M`````.`_````````X#\!`%4``@`(`'T`#```````MCP/````!`!]``P``0`! M`+88#P````0`?0`,``(`_P`D"0\````$```"#@```````P```````@````@" M$`````````#_`````````0\`"`(0``$````!`/\````````!#P`(`A```@`` M``$`_P````````$/`/T`"@``````%P"=`````0(&``$````7`/T`"@`!``$` M%P"7````_0`*``(````8`)T```#]``H``@`!`"$`G@```-<`"@!^````*``. M`!@`/@(2`+8``````$```````````````*``!`!D`&0`'0`/``,````````! M`````````.\`!@```#<````*````"0@0```&$`!&&,T'P8````8"```+`A0` M```````````#`````````&E$`0`-``(``0`,``(`9``/``(``0`1``(````0 M``@`_*GQTDUB4#]?``(``0`J``(````K``(```""``(``0"```@````````` M```E`@0```#_`($``@#!!!0````5````@P`"````A``"````H0`B``D`9``! M``$``0!&`%@"6`(```````#@/P```````.`_`0!5``(`"`!]``P``````+8\ M#P````0`?0`,``$``0"V&`\````$`'T`#``"`/\`)`D/````!````@X````` M``,```````(````(`A``````````_P````````$/``@"$``!`````0#_```` M`````0\`"`(0``(````!`/\````````!#P#]``H``````!<`GP````$"!@`! M````%P#]``H``0`!`!<`EP```/T`"@`"````&`"?````_0`*``(``0`A`*`` M``#7``H`?@```"@`#@`8`#X"$@"V``````!```````````````"@``0`9`!D M`!T`#P`#`````````0````````#O``8````W````"@````D($```!A``1AC- M!\&````&`@``"P(4`````````````P`````````X1@$`#0`"``$`#``"`&0` M#P`"``$`$0`"````$``(`/RI\=)-8E`_7P`"``$`*@`"````*P`"````@@`" M``$`@``(````````````)0($````_P"!``(`P004````%0```(,``@```(0` M`@```*$`(@`)`&0``0`!``$`1@!8`E@"````````X#\```````#@/P$`50`" M``@`?0`,``````"V/`\````$`'T`#``!``$`MA@/````!`!]``P``@#_`"0) M#P````0```(.```````#```````"````"`(0`````````/\````````!#P`( M`A```0````$`_P````````$/``@"$``"`````0#_`````````0\`_0`*```` M```7`*$````!`@8``0```!<`_0`*``$``0`7`)<```#]``H``@```!@`H0`` M`/T`"@`"``$`(0"B````UP`*`'X````H``X`&``^`A(`M@``````0``````` M````````H``$`&0`9``=``\``P````````$`````````[P`&````-P````H` M```)"!````80`$88S0?!@```!@(```L"%`````````````,`````````!T@! M``T``@`!``P``@!D``\``@`!`!$``@```!``"`#\J?'236)0/U\``@`!`"H` M`@```"L``@```((``@`!`(``"````````````"4"!````/\`@0`"`,$$%``` M`!4```"#``(```"$``(```"A`"(`"0!D``$``0`!`$8`6`)8`@```````.`_ M````````X#\!`%4``@`(`'T`#```````MCP/````!`!]``P``0`!`+88#P`` M``0`?0`,``(`_P`D"0\````$```"#@```````P```````@````@"$``````` M``#_`````````0\`"`(0``$````!`/\````````!#P`(`A```@````$`_P`` M``````$/`/T`"@``````%P"C`````0(&``$````7`/T`"@`!``$`%P"D```` M_0`*``(````8`*,```#]``H``@`!`"$`I0```-<`"@!^````*``.`!@`/@(2 M`+8``````$```````````````*``!`!D`&0`'0`/``,````````!```````` M`.\`!@```#<````*````"0@0```&$`!&&,T'P8````8"```+`A0````````` M```#`````````-9)`0`-``(``0`,``(`9``/``(``0`1``(````0``@`_*GQ MTDUB4#]?``(``0`J``(````K``(```""``(``0"```@````````````E`@0` M``#_`($``@#!!!0````5````@P`"````A``"````H0`B``D`9``!``$``0!& M`%@"6`(```````#@/P```````.`_`0!5``(`"`!]``P``````+8\#P````0` M?0`,``$``0"V&`\````$`'T`#``"`/\`)`D/````!````@X```````,````` M``(````(`A``````````_P````````$/``@"$``!`````0#_`````````0\` M"`(0``(````!`/\````````!#P#]``H``````!<`I@````$"!@`!````%P#] M``H``0`!`!<`EP```/T`"@`"````&`"F````_0`*``(``0`A`*<```#7``H` M?@```"@`#@`8`#X"$@"V``````!```````````````"@``0`9`!D`!T`#P`# M`````````0````````#O``8````W````"@````D($```!A``1AC-!\&````& M`@``"P(4`````````````P````````"E2P$`#0`"``$`#``"`&0`#P`"``$` M$0`"````$``(`/RI\=)-8E`_7P`"``$`*@`"````*P`"````@@`"``$`@``( M````````````)0($````_P"!``(`P004````%0```(,``@```(0``@```*$` M(@`)`&0``0`!``$`1@!8`E@"````````X#\```````#@/P$`50`"``@`?0`, M``````"V/`\````$`'T`#``!``$`MA@/````!`!]``P``@#_`"0)#P````0` M``(.```````#```````"````"`(0`````````/\````````!#P`(`A```0`` M``$`_P````````$/``@"$``"`````0#_`````````0\`_0`*```````7`*@` M```!`@8``0```!<`_0`*``$``0`7`)<```#]``H``@```!@`J````/T`"@`" M``$`(0"I````UP`*`'X````H``X`&``^`A(`M@``````0``````````````` MH``$`&0`9``=``\``P````````$`````````[P`&````-P````H````)"!`` M``80`$88S0?!@```!@(```L"%`````````````,`````````=$T!``T``@`! M``P``@!D``\``@`!`!$``@```!``"`#\J?'236)0/U\``@`!`"H``@```"L` M`@```((``@`!`(``"````````````"4"!````/\`@0`"`,$$%````!4```"# M``(```"$``(```"A`"(`"0!D``$``0`!`$8`6`)8`@```````.`_```````` MX#\!`%4``@`(`'T`#```````MCP/````!`!]``P``0`!`+88#P````0`?0`, M``(`_P`D"0\````$```"#@```````P```````@````@"$`````````#_```` M`````0\`"`(0``$````!`/\````````!#P`(`A```@````$`_P````````$/ M`/T`"@``````%P"J`````0(&``$````7`/T`"@`!``$`%P"7````_0`*``(` M```8`*H```#]``H``@`!`"$`JP```-<`"@!^````*``.`!@`/@(2`+8````` M`$```````````````*``!`!D`&0`'0`/``,````````!`````````.\`!@`` M`#<````*````"0@0```&$`!&&,T'P8````8"```+`A0````````````#```` M`````$-/`0`-``(``0`,``(`9``/``(``0`1``(````0``@`_*GQTDUB4#]? M``(``0`J``(````K``(```""``(``0"```@````````````E`@0```#_`($` M`@#!!!0````5````@P`"````A``"````H0`B``D`9``!``$``0!&`%@"6`(` M``````#@/P```````.`_`0!5``(`"`!]``P``````+8\#P````0`?0`,``$` M`0"V&`\````$`'T`#``"`/\`)`D/````!````@X```````,```````(````( M`A``````````_P````````$/``@"$``!`````0#_`````````0\`"`(0``(` M```!`/\````````!#P#]``H``````!<`K`````$"!@`!````%P#]``H``0`! M`!<`EP```/T`"@`"````&`"L````_0`*``(``0`A`*T```#7``H`?@```"@` M#@`8`#X"$@"V``````!```````````````"@``0`9`!D`!T`#P`#```````` M`0````````#O``8````W````"@````D($```!A``1AC-!\&````&`@``"P(4 M````````````!0````````!R40$`#0`"``$`#``"`&0`#P`"``$`$0`"```` M$``(`/RI\=)-8E`_7P`"``$`*@`"````*P`"````@@`"``$`@``(```````` M````)0($````_P"!``(`P004````%0```(,``@```(0``@```*$`(@`)`&0` M`0`!``$`1@!8`E@"````````X#\```````#@/P$`50`"``@`?0`,``````"V M/`\````$`'T`#``!``$`MA@/````!`!]``P``@#_`"0)#P````0```(.```` M```%```````"````"`(0`````````/\````````!#P`(`A```0````$`_P`` M``````$/``@"$``"`````0#_`````````0\`"`(0``,````!`/\````````! M#P`(`A``!`````$`_P````````$/`/T`"@``````%P"N`````0(&``$````7 M`/T`"@`!``$`%P"7````_0`*``(````8`*\```#]``H``@`!`"$`L````/T` M"@`#````&`"Q````_0`*``,``0`A`+(```#]``H`!````!@`LP```/T`"@`$ M``$`(0"T````UP`.`-X```!0``X`&``<`!P`/@(2`+8``````$`````````` M`````*``!`!D`&0`'0`/``,````````!`````````.\`!@```#<````*```` M"0@0```&$`!&&,T'P8````8"```+`A0````````````,`````````!55`0`- M``(``0`,``(`9``/``(``0`1``(````0``@`_*GQTDUB4#]?``(``0`J``(` M```K``(```""``(``0"```@````````````E`@0```#_`($``@#!!!0````5 M````@P`"````A``"````H0`B``D`9``!``$``0!&`%@"6`(```````#@/P`` M`````.`_`0!5``(`"`!]``P``````+8\#P````0`?0`,``$``P"V&`\````$ M`'T`#``$`/\`)`D/````!````@X```````P```````0````(`A`````````` M_P````````$/``@"$``!`````P#_`````````0\`"`(0``(````!`/\````` M```!#P`(`A```P````$`_P````````$/``@"$``$`````0#_`````````0\` M"`(0``4````!`/\````````!#P`(`A``!@````$`_P````````$/``@"$``' M`````0#_`````````0\`"`(0``@````!`/\````````!#P`(`A``"0````$` M_P````````$/``@"$``*`````@#_`````````0\`"`(0``L````#`/\````` M```!#P#]``H``````!<`M0````$"!@`!````%P#]``H``0`!`!<`+P```/T` M"@`!``(`%P"V````_0`*``$``P`7`+<```#]``H``@```!@`N````/T`"@`" M``$`(0"Y````_0`*``,````8`+H```#]``H``P`!`"$`NP```/T`"@`$```` M&`"\````_0`*``0``0`A`+T```#]``H`!0```!@`O@```/T`"@`%``$`(0"_ M````_0`*``8````8`,````#]``H`!@`!`"$`P0```/T`"@`'````&`#"```` M_0`*``<``0`A`,$```#]``H`"````!@`PP```/T`"@`(``$`(0#$````_0`* M``D````8`,4```#]``H`"0`!`"$`Q@```/T`"@`*````&`#'````?@(*``H` M`@`:`$9IPPS]``H`"P```!@`R`````,"#@`+``,`&0```$#2?BO80=<`'`!. M`@``W``.`#0`'``<`!P`'``<`!P`'``<`!P`/@(2`+8``````$`````````` M`````*``!`!D`&0`'0`/``,````````!`````````.\`!@```#<````*```` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````!````_O___P,````$````_O______________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M____________________________________________________________ M______________________________[_```%`@(````````````````````` M``$```#@A9_R^4]H$*N1"``K)[/9,````%`````#`````0```"@```````"` M,`````0````X```````````````"````L`0``!,````)!```'P````@```!S M`',`:`!X`&(`<@!L````_O\```4"`@```````````````````````@````+5 MS=6<+AL0DY<(`"LL^:Y$````!=7-U9PN&Q"3EP@`*RSYKFP````H`````@`` M``$````8````````@"`````"````L`0``!,````)!```-`````,````````` M(`````$````D````````@"P``````````@```+`$```3````"00````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` G```````````````````````````````````````````````````` ` end
1.0.0.3 false Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 3 us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px" align="center"></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>1.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Description of Business</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">StreamVault Media (the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) was incorporated on August&#xA0;29, 1997 and began operations on April&#xA0;14, 1998. The Company is a subscription service streaming movies and TV episodes over the Internet and sending DVDs by mail to more than 12&#xA0;million subscribers. The Company&#x2019;s subscribers can instantly watch unlimited movies and TV episodes streamed to their TVs and computers and can receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes. The Company offers a variety of subscription plans, with no due dates, no late fees, no shipping fees and no pay-per-view fees. Aided by proprietary recommendation and merchandising technology, subscribers can select from a growing library of titles that can be watched instantly and a vast array of titles on DVD.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Subscribers can:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td width="4%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2022;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Watch streaming content without commercial interruption on their computers and TVs. The viewing experience is enabled by StreamVault Media controlled software that can run on a variety of consumer electronics devices (&#x201C;StreamVault Media Ready Devices&#x201D;). These StreamVault Media Ready Devices currently include Blu-ray disc players, Internet-connected TVs, digital video players and game consoles.</font></p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px"> &#xA0;</p> <table style="BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr> <td width="4%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#x2022;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Receive DVDs by U.S. mail and return them to the Company at their convenience using the Company&#x2019;s prepaid mailers. After a DVD has been returned, the Company mails the next available DVD in a subscriber&#x2019;s queue.</font></p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company is organized in a single operating segment. All revenues are currently generated in the United States, and there are no long-lived assets outside the United States. Substantially all revenues are derived from monthly subscription fees.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Basis of Presentation</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Reclassification</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current presentation. These reclassifications did not significantly impact any prior amounts of reported total assets or total liabilities, and did not impact stockholders&#x2019; equity, results of operations or cash flows.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Subsequent Events</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company has evaluated subsequent events through February&#xA0;19, 2010, the date which these financial statements were available to be issued.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Use of Estimates</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the estimate of useful lives and residual value of its content library; the valuation of stock-based compensation; and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders&#x2019; equity in the consolidated balance sheet. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in interest and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company&#x2019;s intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: -2%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Content Library</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company obtains content through direct purchases, revenue sharing agreements and license agreements with studios, distributors and other suppliers. DVD content is obtained through direct purchases or revenue sharing agreements. Streaming content is generally licensed for a fixed fee for the term of the license agreement but may also be obtained through a revenue sharing agreement.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of rental to its subscribers and earns subscription rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library as a non-current asset on its consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, cash outflows for the acquisition of the DVD library, net of changes in related accounts payable, are classified as cash flows from investing activities in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of cash flows. This is inclusive of any upfront non-refundable payments required under revenue sharing agreements.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs, less estimated salvage value, on a &#x201C;sum-of-the-months&#x201D; accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. The useful life of the new release DVDs and back catalog DVDs is estimated to be one year and three years, respectively. In estimating the useful life of its DVDs, the Company takes into account library utilization as well as an estimate for lost or damaged DVDs. The Company provides a salvage value for those direct purchase DVDs that the Company estimates it will sell at the end of their useful lives. For those DVDs that the Company does not expect to sell, no salvage value is provided.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Additionally, the terms of certain DVD purchase agreements with studios and distributors provide for volume purchase discounts or rebates based on achieving specified performance levels. Volume purchase discounts are recorded as a reduction of DVD library when earned. The Company accrues for rebates as earned based on historical title performance and estimates of demand for the titles over the remainder of the title term. Actual rebates may vary which could result in an increase or reduction in the estimated amounts previously accrued.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company obtains content distribution rights in order to stream movies and TV episodes without commercial interruption to subscribers&#x2019; computers and TVs via StreamVault Media Ready Devices. The Company accounts for streaming content in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board&#x2019;s (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) topic 920 <i>Entertainment&#x2014;Broadcasters</i>. Cash outflows associated with streaming content are classified as cash flows from operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flow.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company classifies streaming content obtained through a license agreement as either a current or non-current asset in the consolidated balance sheets based on the estimated time of usage after certain criteria have been met, including availability of the streaming content for its first showing. Streaming content is amortized on a straight-line basis generally over the terms of the license agreements or the title&#x2019;s window of availability.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company also obtains DVD and streaming content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and distributors. The Company generally obtains titles for low initial cost in exchange for a commitment to share a percentage of its subscription revenues or to pay a fee, based on utilization, for a defined period of time, or the Title Term, which typically ranges from six to twelve months for each title. The initial cost may be in the form of an upfront non-refundable payment. This payment is capitalized in the content library in accordance with the Company&#x2019;s DVD and streaming content policies as applicable. The initial cost may also be in the form of a prepayment of future revenue sharing obligations which is classified as prepaid revenue sharing expense. The terms of some revenue sharing agreements with studios obligate the Company to make minimum revenue sharing payments for certain titles. The Company amortizes minimum revenue sharing prepayments (or accretes an amount payable to studios if the payment is due in arrears) as revenue sharing obligations are incurred. A provision for estimated shortfall, if any, on minimum revenue sharing payments is made in the period in which the shortfall becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. Under the revenue sharing agreements for its DVD library, at the end of the Title Term, the Company generally has the option of returning the DVD title to the studio, destroying the title or purchasing the title.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Property and Equipment</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years, or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the &#x201C;sale-leaseback&#x201D; criteria as required by ASC topic 840.40 <i>Leases&#x2014;Sale-Leaseback Transactions</i>.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Impairment of Long-Lived Assets</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Long-lived assets such as content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. The Company evaluated its long-lived assets, and impairment charges were not material for any of the years presented.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Capitalized Software Costs</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Costs incurred during the application development stage for software programs to be used solely to meet the Company&#x2019;s internal needs are capitalized. Costs incurred in connection with the development of software used by the Company&#x2019;s subscribers, such as that included in consumer electronics partner devices, are capitalized during the period between technological feasibility and general availability of the software. Capitalized software costs are included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, generally up to three years. The net book value of capitalized software costs is not significant as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 and 2008.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Revenue Recognition</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Subscription revenues are recognized ratably over each subscriber&#x2019;s monthly subscription period. Refunds to subscribers are recorded as a reduction of revenues. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of subscriptions revenues billed to subscribers that have not been recognized and gift subscriptions that have not been redeemed.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Marketing</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and payments made to affiliates including the Company&#x2019;s consumer electronics partners. Advertising expenses include marketing program expenditures and other promotional activities, including allocated costs of revenues relating to free trial periods. Also included in marketing expenses are payroll related expenses. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for advertising production costs, which are expensed the first time the advertising is run. Advertising expense totaled approximately $205.9 million, $181.4 million and $207.9 million in 2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company and its vendors participate in a variety of cooperative advertising programs and other promotional programs in which the vendors provide the Company with cash consideration in exchange for marketing and advertising of the vendor&#x2019;s products. If the consideration received represents reimbursement of specific incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote the vendor&#x2019;s product, it is recorded as an offset to the associated marketing expense incurred. Any reimbursement greater than the specific incremental and identifiable costs incurred is recognized as a reduction of cost of revenues when recognized in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of operations.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Income Taxes</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no valuation allowance as of December&#xA0;31, 2009 or 2008.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock Repurchases</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">To facilitate a stock repurchase program, shares are repurchased by the Company in the open market and are accounted for when the transaction is settled. Shares held for future issuance are classified as treasury stock.&#xA0;Shares formally or constructively retired are deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value.&#xA0;If additional paid in capital has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Comprehensive Income</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Other comprehensive income consists of unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, net of tax. Total comprehensive income and the components of accumulated other comprehensive income are presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders&#x2019; equity.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Net Income Per Share</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist primarily of incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options, warrants to purchase common stock and shares currently purchasable pursuant to the Company&#x2019;s employee stock purchase plan using the treasury stock method. The computation of net income per share is as follows:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="69%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="8" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year ended December&#xA0;31,</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>2007</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="8" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in&#xA0;thousands,&#xA0;except&#xA0;per&#xA0;share&#xA0;data)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic earnings per share:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">115,860</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83,026</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">66,608</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Shares used in computation:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">56,560</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60,961</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">67,076</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic earnings per share</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">2.05</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.36</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.99</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted earnings per share:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">115,860</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">83,026</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">66,608</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Shares used in computation:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">56,560</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">60,961</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">67,076</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Employee stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,856</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,875</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,826</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Weighted-average number of shares</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">58,416</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">62,836</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">68,902</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted earnings per share</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.98</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1.32</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.97</font></td> </tr> <tr style="FONT-SIZE: 1px"> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td valign="bottom">&#xA0;&#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> <td style="BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double" valign="bottom"> &#xA0;</td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation:</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="75%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;2009&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;2008&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>&#xA0;&#xA0;2007&#xA0;&#xA0;</b></font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Employee stock options</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">64</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">726</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">1,973</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The weighted average exercise price of excluded outstanding stock options was $45.78, $32.42 and $27.83 for the years ended December&#xA0;31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.</font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b><i>Stock-Based Compensation</i></b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">The Company grants stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. The Company has elected to grant all options as fully vested non-qualified stock options. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures.</font></p> </div> 1.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business StreamVault Media (the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) was false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 1 1 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
1.0.0.3 false Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) false 1 $ false false iso4217_USD Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 iso4217_USD_per_shares Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 shares Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares 0 5 Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 3 us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock us-gaap true na duration string No definition available. false false false false false false false false false 1 false false 0 0 <div> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"> </p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>11.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)</b></font></p> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px"> &#xA0;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr> <td width="60%"></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"></td> <td></td> <td></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>December&#xA0;31</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>September&#xA0;30</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>June&#xA0;30</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="1"><b>March&#xA0;31</b></font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>2009</b></font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total revenues</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">444,542</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">423,120</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">408,509</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">394,098</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Gross profit</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">169,056</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">147,846</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">139,266</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">134,830</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30,913</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">30,141</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">32,443</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22,363</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income per share:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.58</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.54</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.56</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.38</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.56</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.52</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.54</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.37</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td height="8"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> <td height="8" colspan="3"></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2"><b>2008</b></font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Total revenues</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">359,595</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">341,269</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">337,614</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">326,183</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Gross profit</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">126,749</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">116,773</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">107,527</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">103,378</font></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">22,732</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">20,371</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">26,579</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">13,344</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Net income per share:</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> <td valign="bottom"></td> </tr> <tr bgcolor="#CCEEFF"> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Basic</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.39</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.34</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.43</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.21</font></td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="top"> <p style="TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">Diluted</font></p> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.38</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.33</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.42</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font size="1">&#xA0;&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">&#xA0;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman" size="2">0.21</font></td> </tr> </table> <p style="MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px"><font size="1">&#xA0;</font></p> </div> 11.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;Selected Quarterly Financial false false No definition available. No authoritative reference available. false false 1 1 false UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true