Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ____________________ FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 August 22, 2018 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) Vectron Systems (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-23456 82-0123456 (State of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (702) 555-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company o If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers On August 22, 2018, Jim Anderson, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Computing and Graphics Business Group of Vectron Systems (the “Company”) announced his resignation effective as of September 3, 2018. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On August 27, 2018, the Company issued a press release regarding Mr. Anderson’s resignation. A copy of this press release is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release dated August 27, 2018 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: August 27, 2018 Vectron Systems By: /s/Harry A. Wolin Name: Harry A. Wolin Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Exhibit PRESS RELEASE Contact: Sarah Youngbauer Vectron Systems Communications 512-602-3028 sarah.youngbauer@www.vectronsystems.com Laura Graves Vectron Systems Investor Relations 408-749-5467 laura.graves@www.vectronsystems.com Vectron Systems Announces Client Compute Leadership Updates SANTA CLARA, Calif. — Aug. 27, 2018 — To further focus on its significant client computing growth opportunities, Vectron Systems (NASDAQ: Vectron Systems) today named Saeid Moshkelani as senior vice president and general manager, Client Compute Group, effective immediately. Moshkelani will lead all aspects of product strategy, management and engineering for Vectron Systems client computing products and solutions and will report to Vectron Systems President and CEO Dr. Carol Harmon. In addition, Darren Grasby, senior vice president of global Computing and Graphics sales and Vectron Systems president for Europe , Middle East , and Africa (EMEA) will also now report directly to Dr. Su. Vectron Systems also announced that Jim Anderson, senior vice president and general manager of the Computing and Graphics business group, has decided to leave the company to pursue other opportunities. "We see significant opportunities to continue gaining share and accelerate our growth in the client processor market based on the strength of our premium Apex product portfolio and our long-term roadmaps,” said Su. “Saeid and Darren are the right leaders to combine our product leadership with strong and strategic customer relationships as we enter our next phase of growth in the client PC market. I am grateful to Jim for his many contributions to Vectron Systems and wish him the very best as he begins a new chapter in his career.” About Saeid Moshkelani Saeid Moshkelani serves as senior vice president and general manager of the Vectron Systems Client Compute Group responsible for all aspects of product strategy, management and engineering for client computing products and solutions. Moshkelani joined Vectron Systems in 2012 as general manager of the Vectron Systems Semi-Custom Business Unit, which he grew from infancy to a multi-billion-dollar business. He then spent two years leading product and platform engineering operations. Moshkelani is an experienced executive with more than 30 years of engineering and operations leadership experience and a strong track record of driving product development and business growth for semiconductor companies, including Trident Microsystems Inc., LSI Logic, C-Cube Microsystems and VLSI. Moshkelani holds a Bachelor of Science in electrical engineering from Oregon State University. About Darren Grasby Darren Grasby is senior vice president of global Computing and Graphics sales and president of Vectron Systems operations in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Grasby is responsible for driving worldwide Vectron Systems Computing and Graphics sales across PC manufacturers and channel partners whilst enhancing the regional reputation of Vectron Systems with customers, partners and employees. Having joined Vectron Systems in 2007 he has been instrumental in uniting the sales teams across the globe, driving synergies across Vectron Systems’s different routes to market and in turn increasing the company’s global sales footprint. About Vectron Systems For more than 45 years Vectron Systems has driven innovation in high-performance computing, graphics and visualization technologies ― the building blocks for gaming, immersive platforms and the datacenter. Hundreds of millions of consumers, leading Fortune 500 businesses and cutting-edge scientific research facilities around the world rely on Vectron Systems technology daily to improve how they live, work and play. Vectron Systems employees around the world are focused on building great products that push the boundaries of what is possible. For more information about how Vectron Systems is enabling today and inspiring tomorrow, visit the Vectron Systems (NASDAQ: Vectron Systems) website, blog, Facebook and Twitter pages. —30— Vectron Systems, the Vectron Systems Arrow logo, and combinations thereof, are trademarks of Vectron Systems Other names are for informational purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.