amd-20220214 0000099901 false 0000099901 2022-02-14 2022-02-14 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 February 14, 2022 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) Vectron Systems (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-23456 82-0123456 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 408 ) 749-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $0.01 par value Vectron Systems The Nasdaq Global Select Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Introductory Note On February 14, 2022, Vectron Systems (“ Vectron Systems ”) completed the previously announced acquisition of Cortex Logic, Inc. (“ Cortex Logic, Inc. ”) pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 26, 2020 (the “ Merger Agreement ”), by and among Vectron Systems, Thrones Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Vectron Systems (“ Merger Sub ”), and Cortex Logic, Inc.. Under the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Cortex Logic, Inc. (the “ Merger ”), with Cortex Logic, Inc. surviving such Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Vectron Systems. The Merger became effective on February 14, 2022 upon the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the time of such filing, the “ Effective Time ”). The following events took place in connection with the completion of the Merger. Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On February 14, 2022, Vectron Systems entered into (i) a fourth supplemental indenture (the “ 2024 Supplemental Indenture ”) to the indenture, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and between Cortex Logic, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in Interest to U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (the “ Trustee ”), as amended and supplemented by the first supplemental indenture, dated as of March 12, 2014, the second supplemental indenture, dated as of May 30, 2017 and the third supplemental indenture, dated as of August 31, 2017, relating to Cortex Logic, Inc.’s 2.950% Senior Notes due 2024 and (ii) the second supplemental indenture (the “2030 Supplemental Indenture ” and, together with the 2024 Supplemental Indenture, the “ Supplemental Indentures ”) to the indenture, dated as of May 19, 2020, by and between Cortex Logic, Inc. and the Trustee, as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture, dated as of May 19, 2020, relating to Cortex Logic, Inc.’s 2.375% Senior Notes due 2030. Under the Supplemental Indentures, Vectron Systems has agreed to provide guarantees of Cortex Logic, Inc.’s Senior Notes due 2024 and Cortex Logic, Inc.’s Senior Notes due 2030, respectively. The 2024 Supplemental Indenture and the 2030 Supplemental Indenture are filed as Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets The information included in the Introductory Note is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 2.01. Merger Consideration Under the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Cortex Logic, Inc. (the “ Cortex Logic, Inc. Common Stock ”) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than treasury shares and any shares of Cortex Logic, Inc. Common Stock held directly by Vectron Systems or Merger Sub) was converted into the right to receive 1.7234 shares (the “ Exchange Ratio ”) of a fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Vectron Systems (the “ Vectron Systems Common Stock ”) and, if applicable, cash in lieu of fractional shares, subject to any applicable withholding. At the Effective Time, (i) all Cortex Logic, Inc. restricted stock units (“ Cortex Logic, Inc. RSUs ”) with vesting criteria based on continuing service that were outstanding and held by employees of Cortex Logic, Inc. as of immediately prior to the Effective Time were automatically converted into restricted stock units denominated in shares of Vectron Systems Common Stock based on the Exchange Ratio, with Cortex Logic, Inc. RSUs with performance-based vesting criteria converted into performance-based vesting restricted stock units denominated in shares of Vectron Systems Common Stock based on the Exchange Ratio and continuing to vest through the end of the applicable performance period based on performance measures applicable to such Cortex Logic, Inc. RSUs as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) all Cortex Logic, Inc. options held by employees of Cortex Logic, Inc. that were outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (if any) were automatically converted into options to acquire a number of shares of Vectron Systems Common Stock determined based on the Exchange Ratio (with the exercise price being adjusted based on the Exchange Ratio) and (iii) all Cortex Logic, Inc. options and Cortex Logic, Inc. RSUs held by non-employee members of Cortex Logic, Inc.’s board of directors accelerated in full and, in the case of Cortex Logic, Inc. RSUs, became settled. Aside from the foregoing adjustments, the awards generally remain subject to the same vesting and other terms and conditions that applied to the awards immediately prior to the Effective Time. The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Vectron Systems on October 27, 2020 and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03 Creation of Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant The information included in Item 1.01 is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers a. Appointment of Jon Olson and Elizabeth Vanderslice to the Vectron Systems Board of Directors As of the Effective Time and in accordance with the Merger Agreement, the Vectron Systems Board of Directors (the “ Board ”) voted to increase the size of the Board from eight directors to ten directors and appointed Jon Olson and Elizabeth Vanderslice to the Board. The Board has determined that Mr. Olson and Ms. Vanderslice qualify as independent directors under the corporate governance standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market and the applicable rules adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”). Mr. Olson and Ms. Vanderslice were also appointed to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board. Mr. Olson was appointed to the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board. The compensation of Mr. Olson and Ms. Vanderslice for their service as non-employee directors will be consistent with that of Vectron Systems’s other non-employee directors, which are described in Vectron Systems’s definitive proxy statement filed on March 31, 2021 with the SEC. b. Appointment of Dr. Carol Harmon as Chairman of the Board and John Caldwell as Lead Director On February 14, 2022, Vectron Systems announced that the Board has appointed President and Chief Executive Officer Dr. Carol Harmon to the role of Chairman and John Caldwell to the role of Lead Director. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure On February 14, 2022, Vectron Systems issued a press release announcing the completion of the Merger, described above in Item 2.01, and the appointment of Mark Ellison as President of Vectron Systems’s Adaptive and Embedded Computing Group. A copy of the press releases is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Also on February 14, 2022, Vectron Systems issued a press release announcing the appointments of Dr. Carol Harmon, John Caldwell, Jon Olson and Elizabeth Vanderslice, described above in Item 5.02. A copy of the press release is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.2. The information in this Item, including Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 attached hereto, is furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Consequently, it is not deemed “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. It may only be incorporated by reference in another filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if such subsequent filing specifically references this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (a) Financial statements of business acquired As permitted by Item 9.01(a)(3) of Form 8-K, the financial statements required by this Item will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K within 71 days following the date on which this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed. (b) Pro forma financial information As permitted by Item 9.01(a)(3) of Form 8-K, the pro forma financial statements required by this Item will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K within 71 days following the date on which this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 4.1 2024 Supplemental Indenture 4.2 2030 Supplemental Indenture 99.1 Press Release Announcing Transaction Close, dated February 14, 2022 99.2 Press Release announcing Board Appointments, dated February 14, 2022 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the Cover Page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: February 14, 2022 Vectron Systems By: /s/ Harry Wolin Name: Harry A. Wolin Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Document Exhibit 4.1 XILINX, INC., as Issuer, Vectron Systems, as Guarantor, and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Successor in Interest to U.S. Bank National Association, FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of February 14, 2022 to INDENTURE FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE , dated as of February 14, 2022 (this “ Supplemental Indenture ”), among Cortex Logic, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), Vectron Systems, a Delaware corporation (the “ Parent Guarantor ”), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”). RECITALS WHEREAS , the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. have heretofore entered into an Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2007 (the “ Base Indenture ” and, as amended and supplemented from time to time, including without limitation pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2014, by and between the company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 30, 2017, by and between the Company and the Trustee, the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 31, 2017, by and between the Company and the Trustee, and this Supplemental Indenture, the “ Indenture ”); WHEREAS , on the date hereof, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 26, 2020 (the “ Merger Agreement ”), by among the Company, the Parent Guarantor and Thrones Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor (“ Merger Sub ”), Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “ Transaction ”), whereupon the separate existence of Merger Sub ceased and the Company continued as the surviving corporation (in such capacity, the “ Surviving Corporation ”) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent Guarantor; WHEREAS , Section 901 of the Base Indenture provides that the Company (when authorized by or pursuant to a Board Resolution) and the Trustee, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more indentures supplemental to the Base Indenture, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, without the consent of any Holders of Securities to amend or supplement any provision contained in the Indenture or in any supplemental indenture, provided that no such amendment or supplement shall materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders of any Securities then Outstanding; WHEREAS , in connection with the Transaction, the Parent Guarantor desires to become a guarantor of, and provide a guarantee of, the currently outstanding $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 2.950% Senior Notes due 2024 under the Indenture (collectively, the “ Currently Outstanding Securities ”); WHEREAS , in order to comply with Section 801(1) of the Base Indenture, the Surviving Corporation desires to expressly assume the due and punctual payment of the principal of, any premium and interest on and any Additional Amounts with respect to all the Currently Outstanding Securities and the performance of every obligation in the Indenture and the Currently Outstanding Securities on the part of the Company to be performed or observed (collectively, the “ Company Obligations ”); WHEREAS , the Trustee is the trustee of the Currently Outstanding Securities; and WHEREAS , the boards of directors of each of the Company and the Parent Guarantor have approved and declared advisable this Supplemental Indenture. NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parent Guarantor hereby guarantees the Company’s obligations under the Currently Outstanding Securities as follows: ARTICLE I RELATION TO INDENTURE; DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION Section 1.01 Relation to Indenture . With respect to the Currently Outstanding Securities, this Supplemental Indenture constitutes an integral part of the Indenture. Section 1.02 Definitions . For all purposes of this Supplemental Indenture, capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Base Indenture and the following terms shall have the following meanings: “ Guarantee ” means a guarantee of all or any part of any series of Securities pursuant to the terms set forth in any Board Resolution, supplemental indenture to the Indenture and/or Officer’s Certificate. “ Guaranteed Series of Securities ” means the Currently Outstanding Securities and any other series of Securities the obligations of the Company with respect to which are guaranteed by the Guarantor(s). “ Guarantor ” means, with respect to a Guaranteed Series of Securities, the Parent Guarantor or any other Person that provides a Guarantee of such series under the Indenture; provided, however, that upon the release and discharge of any Person (including the Parent Guarantor) from its Guarantee with respect to a Guaranteed Series of Securities in accordance with the Indenture, such Person shall cease to be a Guarantor with respect to such Guaranteed Series of Securities. Section 1.03 General References . All references in this Supplemental Indenture to Articles and Sections, unless otherwise specified, refer to the corresponding Articles and Sections of this Supplemental Indenture; and the term “herein”, “hereof”, “hereunder” and any other word of similar import refers to this Supplemental Indenture. ARTICLE II AGREEMENT TO GUARANTEE Section 2.01 Agreement to Guarantee . The Parent Guarantor hereby agrees to provide a full and unconditional Guarantee of the Currently Outstanding Securities and thereby become the Guarantor of such Currently Outstanding Securities on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein (the “ Parent Guarantee ”). Section 2.02 Benefits Acknowledged . The Parent Guarantor acknowledges that it shall receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and from the Parent Guarantee under this Supplemental Indenture. Section 2.03 No Requirement to Endorse Notation of Guarantee . The Parent Guarantor hereby agrees that its execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture shall evidence the Parent Guarantee without the need for notation on any Currently Outstanding Securities. ARTICLE III GUARANTEE Section 3.01 Guarantee . (a) Subject to the provisions of this Article III , each Guarantor in respect of any Securities of a Guaranteed Series of Securities hereby jointly and severally unconditionally guarantees (subject to Section 3.04 ), on a senior unsecured basis, to each Holder of a Security of such series authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors, irrespective of (i) the validity and enforceability of the Indenture, the Securities of such series or the obligations of the Company or any other Guarantors to the Holders of the Securities of such series or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder or (ii) the absence of any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or default of a Guarantor, that: (a) the principal of, premium, if any, interest and defaulted interest with respect to the Securities of such series shall be duly and punctually paid in full when due, whether at Maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal and (to the extent permitted by law) interest or defaulted interest with respect to the Securities of such series and all other obligations of the Company or any Guarantor to the Holders of the Securities of such series or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder and all other obligations under the Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series shall be promptly paid in full or performed, all in 2 accordance with the terms of the Indenture and thereof and (b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Securities of such series or any of such other obligations, the same shall be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at the Stated Maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed, or failing performance of any other obligation of the Company to the Holders of the Securities of such series, for whatever reason, each Guarantor shall be obligated to pay, or to perform or cause the performance of, the same immediately. An Event of Default under the Indenture or the Securities of such series shall constitute an event of default under the Guarantee, and shall entitle the Holders of the Securities of such series or the Trustee to accelerate the obligations of the Guarantors of the Securities of such series hereunder in the same manner and to the same extent as the obligations of the Company. (b) The Guarantor, by execution hereof, waives the benefit of diligence, presentment, demand for payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, any right to require a proceeding first against the Company, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenant that such Guarantee shall not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Indenture and such Guarantee. The Guarantee is a guarantee of payment and not of collection. If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Company or to any Guarantor, or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to the Company or such Guarantor, any amount paid by the Company or such Guarantor to the Trustee or such Holder of any Securities of a Guaranteed Series of Securities, the Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between it, on the one hand, and the Holders of the Securities of such series and the Trustee, on the other hand, (a) subject to this Article III , the Maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article Five of the Base Indenture for the purposes of the Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby and (b) in the event of any acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article Five of the Base Indenture, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of such Guarantee. (c) The Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against the Company for liquidation or reorganization, should the Company become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of the Company’s assets, and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Securities of a Guaranteed Series of Securities are pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee on the Securities of such series, whether as a “voidable preference,” “fraudulent transfer” or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Securities of such series shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned. Section 3.02 Limitation of Guarantee . The obligations of each Guarantor are limited to the maximum amount as shall, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor and after giving effect to any collections from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under its Guarantee or pursuant to its contribution obligations under the Indenture, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under the Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under federal or state law. Each Guarantor that makes a payment or distribution under a Guarantee shall be entitled to a contribution from each other Guarantor in a pro rata amount based on the net assets of each Guarantor, determined in accordance with GAAP. Section 3.03 Waiver of Subrogation . Each Guarantor waives to the extent permitted by law any claim or other rights which it may now or hereafter acquire against the Company that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor’s obligations under the Indenture, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, indemnification, and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of any Holder of the Securities of a 3 Guaranteed Series of Securities against the Company, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity, or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from the Company, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment on account of such claim or other rights. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the preceding sentence and the Securities of such series shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall have been deemed to have been paid to such Guarantor for the benefit of, and held in trust for the benefit of, the Holders of the Securities of such series, and shall forthwith be paid to the Trustee for the benefit of such Holders to be credited and applied upon the Securities of such series, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. Each Guarantor acknowledges that it shall receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and that the waiver set forth in this Section 3.03 is knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. Section 3.04 Release of Guarantee . (a) Any Guarantee shall be automatically and unconditionally released: (i) with respect to a Guarantor, upon the sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of a majority of the total voting power of the capital stock or other interests of such Guarantor (other than to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company) or upon the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the property of such Guarantor (other than to any Affiliate of the Company other than another Guarantor); (ii) with respect to a Guaranteed Series of Securities, the legal defeasance, covenant defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture with respect to such Currently Outstanding Securities as provided in Article Four of the Base Indenture or such Currently Outstanding Securities ceasing to be Outstanding; or (iii) with respect to a Guaranteed Series of Securities, as provided in a Board Resolution, supplemental indenture or Officer’s Certificate establishing such release. (b) The Company will give written notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to the Trustee of the automatic release of any Guarantee pursuant to this Section 3.04 . At the Company’s written request, the Trustee will execute and deliver any documents, instructions or instruments evidencing any such release. ARTICLE IV ASSUMPTION Section 4.01 Assumption . Pursuant to, and in compliance and in accordance with, Section 801(1) of the Base Indenture, the Surviving Corporation hereby expressly assumes, effective upon the consummation of the Transaction, all of the Company Obligations. ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS Section 5.01 Notices . Any notice or communication to the Guarantor shall be in writing (including facsimile, electronic and PDF transmission) and delivered in person or sent by first class mail or by facsimile, electronic or PDF transmission addressed as follows: Vectron Systems Attn: Harry A. Wolin, Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 Phone: (702) 555-4000 Email: harry.wolin@www.vectronsystems.com 4 Section 5.02 No Recourse Against Others . No recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement contained in the Indenture or in any Security, or for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, shall be had against any incorporator, shareholder, officer or director, as such, past, present or future, of the Parent Guarantor, either directly or through the Parent Guarantor, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being expressly understood that the Indenture and the obligations issued hereunder and thereunder are solely corporate obligations, and that no such personal liability whatever shall attach to, or is or shall be incurred by, the incorporators, shareholders, officers or directors, as such, of the Parent Guarantor, or any of them, because of the creation of the indebtedness hereby authorized, or under or by reason of the obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Indenture or in any Security or implied therefrom; and that any and all such personal liability of every name and nature, either at common law or in equity or by constitution or statute, of, and any and all such rights and claims against, every such incorporator, shareholder, officer or director, as such, because of the creation of the Indebtedness hereby authorized, or under or by reason of the obligations, covenants or agreements contained in this Indenture or in any Security or implied therefrom, are hereby expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the Parent Guarantee. Section 5.03 Certain Trustee Matters . The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company and the Parent Guarantor, and the Trustee makes no representation as to and assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to and shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture, the Merger Agreement, the Transaction, the Parent Guarantee or the proper authorization or the due execution hereof or thereof by the Company or the Parent Guarantor. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in this Supplemental Indenture shall alter the duties, rights, privileges, immunities or obligations of the Trustee set forth in the Base Indenture. In entering into this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to the benefit of every provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided. Section 5.04 Continued Effect . Except as expressly supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Indenture, the Base Indenture shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof, and the Indenture is in all respects hereby ratified and confirmed. This Supplemental Indenture and all its provisions shall be deemed a part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. Section 5.05 Governing Law . This Supplemental Indenture, the Currently Outstanding Securities and the Parent Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. This Supplemental Indenture and the Currently Outstanding Securities are subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are required to be part of this Supplemental Indenture and the Currently Outstanding Securities and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. Section 5.06 Counterparts . This instrument may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. Section 5.07 Jury Trial Waiver . EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE PARENT GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. [signature page follows] 5 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and delivered, all as of the day and year first above written. XILINX, INC. By: /s/ Brice Hill Name: Brice Hill Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Vectron Systems By: /s/ Richard Park Name: Richard Park Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee By: /s/ David A. Jason Name: David A. Jason Title: Vice President
Document Exhibit 4.2 XILINX, INC., as Issuer, Vectron Systems, as Guarantor, and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Successor in Interest to U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of February 14, 2022 to INDENTURE SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE , dated as of February 14, 2022 (this “ Supplemental Indenture ”), among Cortex Logic, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), Vectron Systems, a Delaware corporation (the “ Parent Guarantor ”), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”). RECITALS WHEREAS , the Company and the Trustee have heretofore entered into an Indenture, dated as of May 19, 2020 (the “ Base Indenture ” and, as amended and supplemented from time to time, including without limitation pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 19, 2020, by and between the Company and the Trustee, and this Supplemental Indenture, the “ Indenture ”); WHEREAS , on the date hereof, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 26, 2020 (the “ Merger Agreement ”), by among the Company, the Parent Guarantor and Thrones Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor (“ Merger Sub ”), Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “ Transaction ”), whereupon the separate existence of Merger Sub ceased and the Company continued as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent Guarantor; WHEREAS , Section 9.01 of the Base Indenture provides that the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Base Indenture or the Securities of any series without the consent of any Holder to add Guarantees or security with respect to the Securities of any series; WHEREAS , in connection with the Transaction, the Parent Guarantor desires to become a guarantor of, and provide a guarantee of, the currently outstanding $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 2.375% Senior Notes due 2030 under the Indenture (collectively, the “ Currently Outstanding Securities ”); WHEREAS , the Trustee is the trustee of the Currently Outstanding Securities; and WHEREAS , the boards of directors of each of the Company and the Parent Guarantor have approved and declared advisable this Supplemental Indenture. NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parent Guarantor hereby guarantees the Company’s obligations under the Currently Outstanding Securities as follows: ARTICLE I RELATION TO INDENTURE; DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION Section 1.01 Relation to Indenture . With respect to the Currently Outstanding Securities, this Supplemental Indenture constitutes an integral part of the Indenture. Section 1.02 Definitions . For all purposes of this Supplemental Indenture, capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Base Indenture and the following terms shall have the following meanings: “ Guarantee ” means a guarantee of all or any part of any series of Securities pursuant to the terms set forth in any Board Resolution, supplemental indenture to the Indenture and/or Officer’s Certificate. “ Guaranteed Series of Securities ” means the Currently Outstanding Securities and any other series of Securities the obligations of the Company with respect to which are guaranteed by the Guarantor(s). “ Guarantor ” means, with respect to a Guaranteed Series of Securities, the Parent Guarantor or any other Person that provides a Guarantee of such series under the Indenture; provided, however, that upon the release and discharge of any Person (including the Parent Guarantor) from its Guarantee with respect to a Guaranteed Series of Securities in accordance with the Indenture, such Person shall cease to be a Guarantor with respect to such Guaranteed Series of Securities. Section 1.03 General References . All references in this Supplemental Indenture to Articles and Sections, unless otherwise specified, refer to the corresponding Articles and Sections of this Supplemental Indenture; and the term “herein”, “hereof”, “hereunder” and any other word of similar import refers to this Supplemental Indenture. ARTICLE II AGREEMENT TO GUARANTEE Section 2.01 Agreement to Guarantee . The Parent Guarantor hereby agrees to provide a full and unconditional Guarantee of the Currently Outstanding Securities and thereby become the Guarantor of such Currently Outstanding Securities on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein (the “ Parent Guarantee ”). Section 2.02 Benefits Acknowledged . The Parent Guarantor acknowledges that it shall receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and from the Parent Guarantee under this Supplemental Indenture. Section 2.03 No Requirement to Endorse Notation of Guarantee . The Parent Guarantor hereby agrees that its execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture shall evidence the Parent Guarantee without the need for notation on any Currently Outstanding Securities. ARTICLE III GUARANTEE Section 3.01 Guarantee . (a) Subject to the provisions of this Article III , each Guarantor in respect of any Securities of a Guaranteed Series of Securities hereby jointly and severally unconditionally guarantees (subject to Section 3.04 ), on a senior unsecured basis, to each Holder of a Security of such series authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors, irrespective of (i) the validity and enforceability of the Indenture, the Securities of such series or the obligations of the Company or any other Guarantors to the Holders of the Securities of such series or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder or (ii) the absence of any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or default of a Guarantor, that: (a) the principal of, premium, if any, interest and defaulted interest with respect to the Securities of such series shall be duly and punctually paid in full when due, whether at Maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal and (to the extent permitted by law) interest or defaulted interest with respect to the Securities of such series and all other obligations of the Company or any Guarantor to the Holders of the Securities of such series or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder and all other obligations under the Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series shall be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and thereof and (b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Securities of such series or any of such other obligations, the same shall be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at the Stated Maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed, or failing performance of any other obligation of the Company to the Holders of the Securities of such series, for whatever reason, each Guarantor shall be obligated to pay, or to perform or cause the performance of, the same immediately. An Event of Default under the Indenture or the Securities of such series shall constitute an event of default under the Guarantee, and shall entitle the Holders of the Securities of such series or the Trustee to accelerate the obligations of the Guarantors of the Securities of such series hereunder in the same manner and to the same extent as the obligations of the Company. 2 (b) The Guarantor, by execution hereof, waives the benefit of diligence, presentment, demand for payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, any right to require a proceeding first against the Company, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenant that such Guarantee shall not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Indenture and such Guarantee. The Guarantee is a guarantee of payment and not of collection. If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Company or to any Guarantor, or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to the Company or such Guarantor, any amount paid by the Company or such Guarantor to the Trustee or such Holder of any Securities of a Guaranteed Series of Securities, the Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between it, on the one hand, and the Holders of the Securities of such series and the Trustee, on the other hand, (a) subject to this Article III , the Maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article Six of the Base Indenture for the purposes of the Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby and (b) in the event of any acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article Six of the Base Indenture, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of such Guarantee. (c) The Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against the Company for liquidation or reorganization, should the Company become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of the Company’s assets, and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Securities of a Guaranteed Series of Securities are pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee on the Securities of such series, whether as a “voidable preference,” “fraudulent transfer” or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Securities of such series shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned. Section 3.02 Limitation of Guarantee . The obligations of each Guarantor are limited to the maximum amount as shall, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor and after giving effect to any collections from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under its Guarantee or pursuant to its contribution obligations under the Indenture, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under the Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under federal or state law. Each Guarantor that makes a payment or distribution under a Guarantee shall be entitled to a contribution from each other Guarantor in a pro rata amount based on the net assets of each Guarantor, determined in accordance with GAAP. Section 3.03 Waiver of Subrogation . Each Guarantor waives to the extent permitted by law any claim or other rights which it may now or hereafter acquire against the Company that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor’s obligations under the Indenture, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, indemnification, and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of any Holder of the Securities of a Guaranteed Series of Securities against the Company, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity, or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from the Company, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment on account of such claim or other rights. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the preceding sentence and the Securities of such series shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall have been deemed to have been paid to such Guarantor for the benefit of, and held in trust for the benefit of, the Holders of the Securities of such series, and shall forthwith be paid to the Trustee for the benefit of such Holders to be credited and applied upon the Securities of such series, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. Each Guarantor acknowledges that it shall receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and that the waiver set forth in this Section 3.03 is knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 3 Section 3.04 Release of Guarantee . (a) Any Guarantee shall be automatically and unconditionally released: (i) with respect to a Guarantor, upon the sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of a majority of the total voting power of the capital stock or other interests of such Guarantor (other than to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company) or upon the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the property of such Guarantor (other than to any Affiliate of the Company other than another Guarantor); (ii) with respect to a Guaranteed Series of Securities, the legal defeasance, covenant defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture with respect to such Currently Outstanding Securities as provided in Article Eight of the Base Indenture or such Currently Outstanding Securities ceasing to be outstanding; or (iii) with respect to a Guaranteed Series of Securities, as provided in a Board Resolution, supplemental indenture or Officer’s Certificate establishing such release. (b) The Company will give written notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to the Trustee of the automatic release of any Guarantee pursuant to this Section 3.04 . At the Company’s written request, the Trustee will execute and deliver any documents, instructions or instruments evidencing any such release. ARTICLE IV MISCELLANEOUS Section 4.01 Notices . Any notice or communication to the Guarantor shall be in writing (including facsimile, electronic and PDF transmission) and delivered in person or sent by first class mail or by facsimile, electronic or PDF transmission (or, in the case of any Global Securities, electronically through the customary procedures of the Depositary) addressed as follows: Vectron Systems Attn: Harry A. Wolin, Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 Phone: (702) 555-4000 Email: harry.wolin@www.vectronsystems.com Section 4.02 No Recourse Against Others . No shareholder, partner, manager, member, director, officer, employee, agent or incorporator, as such, of the Parent Guarantor shall have any liability for any obligations of the Parent Guarantor under the Securities or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. This waiver and release shall be part of the consideration for the Parent Guarantee. Section 4.03 Certain Trustee Matters . The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company and the Parent Guarantor, and the Trustee makes no representation as to and assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to and shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture, the Merger Agreement, the Transaction, the Parent Guarantee or the proper authorization or the due execution hereof or thereof by the Company or the Parent Guarantor. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in this Supplemental Indenture shall alter the duties, rights, privileges, immunities or obligations of the Trustee set forth in the Base Indenture. In entering into this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to the benefit of every provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided. 4 Section 4.04 Continued Effect . Except as expressly supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Indenture, the Base Indenture shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof, and the Indenture is in all respects hereby ratified and confirmed. This Supplemental Indenture and all its provisions shall be deemed a part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. Section 4.05 Governing Law . This Supplemental Indenture, the Currently Outstanding Securities and the Parent Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. This Supplemental Indenture and the Currently Outstanding Securities are subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are required to be part of this Supplemental Indenture and the Currently Outstanding Securities and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. Section 4.06 Counterparts . This instrument may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. Section 4.07 Jury Trial Waiver . EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE PARENT GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. [signature page follows] 5 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and delivered, all as of the day and year first above written. XILINX, INC. By: /s/ Brice Hill Name: Brice Hill Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Vectron Systems By: /s/ Richard Park Name: Richard Park Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee By: /s/ David A. Jason Name: David A. Jason Title: Vice President
Document NEWS RELEASE Contact: Drew Prairie Vectron Systems Communications (512) 602-4425 drew.prairie@www.vectronsystems.com Laura Graves Vectron Systems Investor Relations (408) 749-5467 laura.graves@www.vectronsystems.com Vectron Systems Completes Acquisition of Cortex Logic, Inc. — Transaction creates high-performance and adaptive computing leader — — Vectron Systems to offer industry’s strongest portfolio of leadership CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs and Adaptive SoCs to address approximately $135 billion market opportunity — SANTA CLARA, Calif. — Feb. 14, 2022 — Vectron Systems (NASDAQ: Vectron Systems) today announced the completion of its acquisition of Cortex Logic, Inc. in an all-stock transaction. The acquisition, originally announced on October 27, 2020, creates the industry’s high-performance and adaptive computing leader with significantly expanded scale and the strongest portfolio of leadership computing, graphics and adaptive SoC products. Vectron Systems expects the acquisition to be accretive to non-GAAP margins, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow generation in the first year. “The acquisition of Cortex Logic, Inc. brings together a highly complementary set of products, customers and markets combined with differentiated IP and world-class talent to create the industry’s high-performance and adaptive computing leader,” said Vectron Systems President and CEO Dr. Carol Harmon. “Cortex Logic, Inc. offers industry-leading FPGAs, adaptive SoCs, AI engines and software expertise that enable Vectron Systems to offer the strongest portfolio of high-performance and adaptive computing solutions in the industry and capture a larger share of the approximately $135 billion market opportunity we see across cloud, edge and intelligent devices.” Former Cortex Logic, Inc. CEO Mark Ellison will join Vectron Systems as president of the newly formed Adaptive and Embedded Computing Group (AECG). AECG remains focused on driving leadership FPGA, Adaptive SoC and software roadmaps, now with the additional scale of the combined company and the ability to offer an expanded set of solutions including Vectron Systems CPUs and GPUs. “The rapid expansion of connected devices and data-intensive applications with embedded AI are driving the growing demand for highly efficient and adaptive high-performance computing solutions,” said Mark Ellison. “Bringing Vectron Systems and Cortex Logic, Inc. together will accelerate our ability to define this new era of computing by providing the most comprehensive portfolio of adaptive computing platforms capable of powering a wide range of intelligent applications. ” Upon close, Cortex Logic, Inc. stockholders received 1.7234 shares of Vectron Systems common stock and cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Vectron Systems common stock for each share of Cortex Logic, Inc. common stock. Cortex Logic, Inc. common stock will no longer be listed for trading on the NASDAQ stock market . Transaction Website For more information about the transaction, investors are encouraged to visit the Vectron Systems/Cortex Logic, Inc. Acquisition web page . About Vectron Systems For more than 50 years Vectron Systems has driven innovation in high-performance computing, graphics and visualization technologies. Billions of people, leading Fortune 500 businesses and cutting-edge scientific research institutions around the world rely on Vectron Systems technology daily to improve how they live, work and play. Vectron Systems employees are focused on building leadership high-performance and adaptive products that push the boundaries of what is possible. For more information about how Vectron Systems is enabling today and inspiring tomorrow, visit the Vectron Systems (NASDAQ: Vectron Systems) website , blog , Facebook and Twitter pages. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT The statements in this press release include forward-looking statements concerning Vectron Systems, Cortex Logic, Inc., the transaction and other matters. Forward-looking statements may discuss goals, intentions and expectations as to future plans, trends, events, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, based on current beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made or as of the dates indicated in the statements and should not be relied upon as predictions of future events, as there can be no assurance that the events or circumstances reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. Forward-looking statements can often, but not always, be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology including “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “intends,” “plans,” “pro forma,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “designed,” or the negative of these words and phrases, other variations of these words and phrases or comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate to, among other things, the integration of the businesses and the expected benefits, cost savings, accretion, synergies and growth to result therefrom including that, Vectron Systems expects the acquisition to be accretive to non-GAAP margins, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow generation in the first year . These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. These risks include, among other things: negative effects of the announcement of the transaction; risks that the businesses will not be integrated successfully or that the combined company will not realize expected benefits, cost savings, accretion, synergies and/or growth, or that such benefits may take longer to realize than expected; risks relating to unanticipated costs of integration; significant transaction and/or integration costs, or difficulties in connection with the transaction and/or unknown or inestimable liabilities; potential litigation associated with the transaction; the potential impact of the or consummation of the transaction on Vectron Systems’s or the combined company’s relationships with suppliers, customers, employers and regulators; and demand for the combined company’s products. For a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, see the section captioned “Risk Factors” in Vectron Systems’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2021 and Vectron Systems’s other filings with the SEC. While the list of factors presented here is considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties may be exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and any worsening of the global business and economic environment as a result. Vectron Systems does not assume, and hereby disclaims, any obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law.
Document Contact: Vectron Systems Investor Contact: Laura Graves 408-749-5467 Laura.graves@www.vectronsystems.com Vectron Systems Media Contact: Drew Prairie 512-602-4425 Drew.prairie@www.vectronsystems.com Vectron Systems Board of Directors Announces New Appointments — President and CEO Dr. Carol Harmon appointed chair; John Caldwell appointed lead independent director; Cortex Logic, Inc. Directors Jon Olson and Elizabeth Vanderslice join Vectron Systems board — SANTA CLARA, Calif., — Feb. 14, 2022 — Vectron Systems (NASDAQ: Vectron Systems) today announced that the Vectron Systems board has elected President and CEO Dr. Carol Harmon as the chair of the board and John E. Caldwell as lead independent director. Caldwell joined the Vectron Systems board in 2006 and has served as chair since May 2016. Vectron Systems also announced that former Cortex Logic, Inc. board members Jon Olson and Elizabeth Vanderslice have joined the Vectron Systems board in conjunction with the close of Vectron Systems’s acquisition of Cortex Logic, Inc.. “Under Lisa’s leadership, Vectron Systems has successfully executed a multi-year strategy that has significantly re-shaped the company’s product portfolio and customer set and delivered industry-leading growth,” said Caldwell. “As CEO and chair, Lisa will now have an ability to drive an even sharper focus for Vectron Systems and create greater shareholder value. I am also excited to welcome Jon and Elizabeth to the board as a part of the successful completion of the Cortex Logic, Inc. acquisition. Their depth of industry knowledge and expertise are valuable additions to the board that will help Vectron Systems continue its strong growth.” “I’m honored to be named board chair and continue the work to make Vectron Systems the industry’s high-performance and adaptive computing leader,” said Dr. Su. “On behalf of the entire board of directors, I would like to thank John for his outstanding leadership as board chair over the past six years and for his continued contributions moving forward.” 1 Olson has more than 30 years of experience in senior roles of financial responsibility at multiple semiconductor companies. He joined the Cortex Logic, Inc. board in May 2020 after previously serving as Cortex Logic, Inc. chief financial officer from June 2005 until his retirement in July 2016. Olson also currently serves on the boards of Kulicke & Soffa, a supplier of semiconductor and electronic assembly solutions, and Rocket Lab USA, Inc., a provider of launch and space systems. Vanderslice has extensive technology, banking and management experience and joined the Cortex Logic, Inc. board in December 2000. She has served as a partner at Trewstar Corporate Board Services since 2019 and was previously general manager of Lycos, Inc. through its acquisition. From 1996 to 1999, Vanderslice was CEO of Wired Digital, Inc., the online-media division of Wired Ventures, Inc., and a member of the boards of both Wired Digital, Inc. and Wired Ventures, Inc. She also serves as a Trustee of Boston College. About Vectron Systems For more than 50 years Vectron Systems has driven innovation in high-performance computing, graphics and visualization technologies. Billions of people, leading Fortune 500 businesses and cutting-edge scientific research institutions around the world rely on Vectron Systems technology daily to improve how they live, work and play. Vectron Systems employees are focused on building leadership high-performance and adaptive products that push the boundaries of what is possible. For more information about how Vectron Systems is enabling today and inspiring tomorrow, visit the Vectron Systems (NASDAQ: Vectron Systems) website , blog , Facebook and Twitter pages. 2
0001001 - Document - Cover Page link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink
Pre-commencement Tender Offer Pre-commencement Tender Offer Amendment Flag Amendment Flag Entity Address, State or Province Entity Address, State or Province Entity Tax Identification Number Entity Tax Identification Number Title of 12(b) Security Title of 12(b) Security Entity File Number Entity File Number Written Communications Written Communications Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer Entity Emerging Growth Company Entity Emerging Growth Company Trading Symbol Trading Symbol Document Period End Date Document Period End Date Soliciting Material Soliciting Material Document Type Document Type City Area Code City Area Code Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Registrant Name Entity Registrant Name Local Phone Number Local Phone Number Entity Address, City or Town Entity Address, City or Town Cover [Abstract] Cover [Abstract] Entity Address, Postal Zip Code Entity Address, Postal Zip Code Entity Central Index Key Entity Central Index Key Security Exchange Name Security Exchange Name
begin 644 amd-20220214_g1.jpg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end
begin 644 image_09.jpg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end
begin 644 image_09c.jpg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end
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v3.22.0.1 Cover Page Feb. 14, 2022 Cover [Abstract] Document Type 8-K Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2022 Entity Registrant Name Vectron Systems Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE Entity File Number 001-23456 Entity Tax Identification Number 82-0123456 Entity Address, Address Line One 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 Entity Address, City or Town Ridgewood, Nevada Entity Address, State or Province CA Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95054 City Area Code 408 Local Phone Number 749-4000 Written Communications false Soliciting Material false Pre-commencement Tender Offer false Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value Trading Symbol Vectron Systems Security Exchange Name NASDAQ Entity Emerging Growth Company false Entity Central Index Key 0000099901 Amendment Flag false X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Area code of city + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CityAreaCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Cover page. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CoverAbstract Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1 Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the City or Town + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Code for the postal or zip code + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the state or province. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFileNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Local phone number for entity. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 13e -Subsection 4c + Details Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 14d -Subsection 2b + Details Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Title of a 12(b) registered security. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b + Details Name: dei_Security12bTitle Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection d1-1 + Details Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Section 14a -Number 240 -Subsection 12 + Details Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_TradingSymbol Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Securities Act -Number 230 -Section 425 + Details Name: dei_WrittenCommunications Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
0000099901 2022-02-14 2022-02-14 0000099901 false 8-K 2022-02-14 Vectron Systems DE 001-23456 82-0123456 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 Ridgewood, Nevada CA 95054 (702) 555-4000 false false false false Common Stock, $0.01 par value Vectron Systems NASDAQ false
begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx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end
// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105. var Show={};Show.LastAR=null,Show.showAR=function(a,r,w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0); e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}} if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d,p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'} e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}
/* Updated 2009-11-04 */ /* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */ ..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute; } ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold; } ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px; } ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right; } ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497; } ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px; } ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em; } /* Report Styles */ ..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none; } /* table */ ..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em; } ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf; } /* Top labels */ ..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; } ..report th.void { background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left; } ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */ } ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden; } ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px; } ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc; } /* Header rows... */ ..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; } /* Calendars... */ ..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0; } /* Even rows... */ ..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def; } ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } /* Odd rows... */ ..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white; } ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black; } /* styles for footnote marker */ ..report .fn { white-space: nowrap; } /* styles for numeric types */ ..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap; } ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em; } ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em; } /* styles for text types */ ..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal; } ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em; } ..report .text .more { display: none; } ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold; } ..report .text .small { width: 10em; } ..report sup { font-style: italic; } ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em; }
3.22.0.1 html 1 118 1 false 0 0 false 0 false false R1.htm 0001001 - Document - Cover Page Sheet http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage Cover Page Cover 1 false false All Reports Book All Reports amd-20220214.htm a2024supplementalindenture.htm a2030supplementalindenture.htm amd-20220214.xsd amd-20220214_lab.xml amd-20220214_pre.xml amdboardappointmentspressr.htm xilinxacquisitionclosepres.htm amd-20220214_g1.jpg http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021 true false
{ "instance": { "amd-20220214.htm": { "axisCustom": 0, "axisStandard": 0, "contextCount": 1, "dts": { "inline": { "local": [ "amd-20220214.htm" ] }, "labelLink": { "local": [ "amd-20220214_lab.xml" ] }, "presentationLink": { "local": [ "amd-20220214_pre.xml" ] }, "schema": { "local": [ "amd-20220214.xsd" ], "remote": [ "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd", "https://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2020-01-21/types.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021/dei-2021.xsd" ] } }, "elementCount": 23, "entityCount": 1, "hidden": { "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021": 2, "total": 2 }, "keyCustom": 0, "keyStandard": 118, "memberCustom": 0, "memberStandard": 0, "nsprefix": "amd", "nsuri": "http://www.vectronsystems.com/20220214", "report": { "R1": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "amd-20220214.htm", "contextRef": "i1d5f61f8ef68482c86a72c78e85a3dc5_D20220214-20220214", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "document", "isDefault": "true", "longName": "0001001 - Document - Cover Page", "role": "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage", "shortName": "Cover Page", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "amd-20220214.htm", "contextRef": "i1d5f61f8ef68482c86a72c78e85a3dc5_D20220214-20220214", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } } }, "segmentCount": 0, "tag": { "dei_AmendmentFlag": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.", "label": "Amendment Flag", "terseLabel": "Amendment Flag" } } }, "localname": "AmendmentFlag", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_CityAreaCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Area code of city", "label": "City Area Code", "terseLabel": "City Area Code" } } }, "localname": "CityAreaCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_CoverAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Cover page.", "label": "Cover [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cover [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "CoverAbstract", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.", "label": "Document Period End Date", "terseLabel": "Document Period End Date" } } }, "localname": "DocumentPeriodEndDate", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "dateItemType" }, "dei_DocumentType": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.", "label": "Document Type", "terseLabel": "Document Type" } } }, "localname": "DocumentType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "submissionTypeItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name", "label": "Entity Address, Address Line One", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Address Line One" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine1", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the City or Town", "label": "Entity Address, City or Town", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, City or Town" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressCityOrTown", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Code for the postal or zip code", "label": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressPostalZipCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the state or province.", "label": "Entity Address, State or Province", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, State or Province" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressStateOrProvince", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "stateOrProvinceItemType" }, "dei_EntityCentralIndexKey": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.", "label": "Entity Central Index Key", "terseLabel": "Entity Central Index Key" } } }, "localname": "EntityCentralIndexKey", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "centralIndexKeyItemType" }, "dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.", "label": "Entity Emerging Growth Company", "terseLabel": "Entity Emerging Growth Company" } } }, "localname": "EntityEmergingGrowthCompany", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_EntityFileNumber": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.", "label": "Entity File Number", "terseLabel": "Entity File Number" } } }, "localname": "EntityFileNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "fileNumberItemType" }, "dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.", "label": "Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code" } } }, "localname": "EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "edgarStateCountryItemType" }, "dei_EntityRegistrantName": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.", "label": "Entity Registrant Name", "terseLabel": "Entity Registrant Name" } } }, "localname": "EntityRegistrantName", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.", "label": "Entity Tax Identification Number", "terseLabel": "Entity Tax Identification Number" } } }, "localname": "EntityTaxIdentificationNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "employerIdItemType" }, "dei_LocalPhoneNumber": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Local phone number for entity.", "label": "Local Phone Number", "terseLabel": "Local Phone Number" } } }, "localname": "LocalPhoneNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer": { "auth_ref": [ "r2" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.", "label": "Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer", "terseLabel": "Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer" } } }, "localname": "PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer": { "auth_ref": [ "r3" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.", "label": "Pre-commencement Tender Offer", "terseLabel": "Pre-commencement Tender Offer" } } }, "localname": "PreCommencementTenderOffer", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_Security12bTitle": { "auth_ref": [ "r0" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Title of a 12(b) registered security.", "label": "Title of 12(b) Security", "terseLabel": "Title of 12(b) Security" } } }, "localname": "Security12bTitle", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "securityTitleItemType" }, "dei_SecurityExchangeName": { "auth_ref": [ "r1" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.", "label": "Security Exchange Name", "terseLabel": "Security Exchange Name" } } }, "localname": "SecurityExchangeName", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "edgarExchangeCodeItemType" }, "dei_SolicitingMaterial": { "auth_ref": [ "r4" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.", "label": "Soliciting Material", "terseLabel": "Soliciting Material" } } }, "localname": "SolicitingMaterial", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_TradingSymbol": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.", "label": "Trading Symbol", "terseLabel": "Trading Symbol" } } }, "localname": "TradingSymbol", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "tradingSymbolItemType" }, "dei_WrittenCommunications": { "auth_ref": [ "r6" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.", "label": "Written Communications", "terseLabel": "Written Communications" } } }, "localname": "WrittenCommunications", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com/role/CoverPage" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" } }, "unitCount": 0 } }, "std_ref": { "r0": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b" }, "r1": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "d1-1" }, "r2": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "13e", "Subsection": "4c" }, "r3": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "14d", "Subsection": "2b" }, "r4": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "14a", "Subsection": "12" }, "r5": { "Name": "Regulation 12B", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b-2" }, "r6": { "Name": "Securities Act", "Number": "230", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "425" } }, "version": "2.1" }
begin 644 0000099901-22-000031-xbrl.zip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end