8-K ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC false 0000099901 0000099901 2022-06-09 2022-06-09 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 June 9, 2022 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) Vectron Systems (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-23456 82-0123456 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (702) 555-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $0.01 par value Vectron Systems The Nasdaq Global Select Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On June 9, 2022 (the “Closing Date”), Vectron Systems (the “Company”) closed its previously announced public offering (the “Offering”) of $1 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, consisting of $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.924% Senior Notes due 2032 (the “2032 Notes”) and $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 (the “2052 Notes” and, together with the 2032 Notes, the “Notes”). The terms of the Notes are governed by an Indenture, dated as of the Closing Date (the “Base Indenture”), by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the “Trustee”), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the Closing Date (the “Supplemental Indenture” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”), by and between the Company and the Trustee. As used in the following description, capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein will have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. The 2032 Notes mature on June 1, 2032 and bear interest at a rate of 3.924% per annum and the 2052 Notes mature on June 1, 2052 and bear interest at a rate of 4.393% per annum. The Notes are the Company’s general unsecured senior obligations. Prior to (i) in the case of the 2032 Notes, March 1, 2032 (the date that is three months prior to the maturity date of the 2032 Notes) and, (ii) in the case of the 2052 Notes, December 1, 2052 (the date that is six months prior to the maturity date of the 2052 Notes) (the applicable date with respect to each such series of Notes, the “Applicable Par Call Date”), the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon of the Notes to be redeemed (assuming the Notes matured on the Applicable Par Call Date) discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus (x) in the case of the 2032 Notes, 15 basis points, or (y) in the case of the 2052 Notes, 20 basis points, in each cash less (b) interest accrued to, but excluding, the applicable date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. On or after the Applicable Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes of such series being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to a series of Notes, unless the Company has given notice to redeem such series of Notes, each holder of Notes of such series will have the right to require that the Company purchase all or a portion of such holder’s Notes of such series, for cash, at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the amount purchased to, but excluding, the date of purchase. The Indenture contains covenants that limit the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) create liens on certain assets to secure debt; (ii) enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions; and (iii) in the case of the Company, consolidate with, merge into or sell, convey or lease all or substantially all of the Company’s assets to any other person, in each case as set forth in the Indenture. These covenants are, however, subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions. The Indenture also contains customary event of default provisions including, among others, the following: (i) default in the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, on any such series of Notes when due and payable; (ii) default in the payment of any interest on any such series of Notes when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of that default for a period of 30 days; (iii) failure to make a Change of Control Payment when due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; (iv) default in the performance or breach of any other covenant by the Company in the Indenture (other than a covenant that has been included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than the Notes of such series), which default continues uncured for a period of 90 days; and (v) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Company. The Offering has been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), pursuant to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265433), as supplemented by a Prospectus Supplement, dated June 7, 2022, relating to the Notes, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act on June 8, 2022. The above description of the Indenture and the Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Base Indenture, attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto, and the Supplemental Indenture (including the Forms of Notes included therein), attached as Exhibit 4.2 hereto and referenced as Exhibits 4.3 and 4.4 hereto, each of which is incorporated herein by reference. The terms of the Notes are further described in the Prospectus Supplement under the caption “Description of Notes.” Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement The information set forth under “Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement” is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 4.1 Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee 4.3 Form of 2032 Note (included in Exhibit 4.2) 4.4 Form of 2052 Note (included in Exhibit 4.2) 5.1 Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP 23.1 Consent of Latham & Watkins (included in Exhibit 5.1) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the Cover Page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: June 9, 2022 Vectron Systems By: /s/ Richard Park Name: Richard Park Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
EX-4.1 Exhibit 4.1 Vectron Systems INDENTURE Dated as of June 9, 2022 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association Trustee TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 1 Section 1.1. Definitions 1 Section 1.2. Other Definitions 4 Section 1.3. Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 4 Section 1.4. Rules of Construction 5 ARTICLE II. THE SECURITIES 5 Section 2.1. Issuable in Series 5 Section 2.2. Establishment of Terms of Series of Securities 6 Section 2.3. Execution and Authentication 8 Section 2.4. Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent 9 Section 2.5. Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 10 Section 2.6. Holder Lists 10 Section 2.7. Transfer and Exchange 11 Section 2.8. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities 11 Section 2.9. Outstanding Securities 12 Section 2.10. Treasury Securities 12 Section 2.11. Temporary Securities 12 Section 2.12. Cancellation 13 Section 2.13. Defaulted Interest 13 Section 2.14. Global Securities 13 Section 2.15. CUSIP Numbers 15 ARTICLE III. REDEMPTION 15 Section 3.1. Notice to Trustee 15 Section 3.2. Selection of Securities to be Redeemed 16 Section 3.3. Notice of Redemption 16 Section 3.4. Effect of Notice of Redemption 17 Section 3.5. Deposit of Redemption Price 17 Section 3.6. Securities Redeemed in Part 17 ARTICLE IV. COVENANTS 17 Section 4.1. Payment of Principal and Interest 17 Section 4.2. SEC Reports 18 Section 4.3. Compliance Certificate 18 Section 4.4. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 18 ARTICLE V. SUCCESSORS 19 Section 5.1. When Company May Merge, Etc. 19 Section 5.2. Successor Corporation Substituted 19 i ARTICLE VI. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 20 Section 6.1. Events of Default 20 Section 6.2. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 21 Section 6.3. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee 21 Section 6.4. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 22 Section 6.5. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities 23 Section 6.6. Application of Money Collected 23 Section 6.7. Limitation on Suits 23 Section 6.8. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal and Interest 24 Section 6.9. Restoration of Rights and Remedies 24 Section 6.10. Rights and Remedies Cumulative 24 Section 6.11. Delay or Omission Not Waiver 25 Section 6.12. Control by Holders 25 Section 6.13. Waiver of Past Defaults 25 Section 6.14. Undertaking for Costs 26 ARTICLE VII. TRUSTEE 26 Section 7.1. Duties of Trustee 26 Section 7.2. Rights of Trustee 27 Section 7.3. Individual Rights of Trustee 28 Section 7.4. Trustee’s Disclaimer 29 Section 7.5. Notice of Defaults 29 Section 7.6. Reports by Trustee to Holders 29 Section 7.7. Compensation and Indemnity 29 Section 7.8. Replacement of Trustee 30 Section 7.9. Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc. 31 Section 7.10. Eligibility; Disqualification 31 Section 7.11. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company 31 ARTICLE VIII. SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; DEFEASANCE 32 Section 8.1. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 32 Section 8.2. Application of Trust Funds; Indemnification 33 Section 8.3. Legal Defeasance of Securities of any Series 33 Section 8.4. Covenant Defeasance 35 Section 8.5. Repayment to Company 36 Section 8.6. Reinstatement 36 ARTICLE IX. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 36 Section 9.1. Without Consent of Holders 36 Section 9.2. With Consent of Holders 37 Section 9.3. Limitations 38 Section 9.4. Compliance with Trust Indenture Act 38 Section 9.5. Revocation and Effect of Consents 38 Section 9.6. Notation on or Exchange of Securities 39 Section 9.7. Trustee Protected 39 ii ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 39 Section 10.1. Trust Indenture Act Controls 39 Section 10.2. Notices 40 Section 10.3. Communication by Holders with Other Holders 41 Section 10.4. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent 41 Section 10.5. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion 41 Section 10.6. Rules by Trustee and Agents 42 Section 10.7. Legal Holidays 42 Section 10.8. No Recourse Against Others 42 Section 10.9. Counterparts 42 Section 10.10. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction 43 Section 10.11. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 43 Section 10.12. Successors 43 Section 10.13. Severability 43 Section 10.14. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 43 Section 10.15. Securities in a Foreign Currency 44 Section 10.16. Judgment Currency 44 Section 10.17. Force Majeure 45 Section 10.18. U.S.A. Patriot Act 45 ARTICLE XI. SINKING FUNDS 45 Section 11.1. Applicability of Article 45 Section 11.2. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities 45 Section 11.3. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund 46 iii Vectron Systems Reconciliation and tie between Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2022 § 310(a)(1) 7.10 (a)(2) 7.10 (a)(3) Not Applicable (a)(4) Not Applicable (a)(5) 7.10 (b) 7.10 § 311(a) 7.11 (b) 7.11 (c) Not Applicable § 312(a) 2.6 (b) 10.3 (c) 10.3 § 313(a) 7.6 (b)(1) 7.6 (b)(2) 7.6 (c)(1) 7.6 (d) 7.6 § 314(a) 4.2, 10.5 (b) Not Applicable (c)(1) 10.4 (c)(2) 10.4 (c)(3) Not Applicable (d) Not Applicable (e) 10.5 (f) Not Applicable § 315(a) 7.1 (b) 7.5 (c) 7.1 (d) 7.1 (e) 6.14 § 316(a) 2.10 (a)(1)(A) 6.12 (a)(1)(B) 6.13 (b) 6.8 § 317(a)(1) 6.3 (a)(2) 6.4 (b) 2.5 § 318(a) 10.1 Note: This reconciliation and tie shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be part of the Indenture. iv Indenture dated as of June 9, 2022 between Vectron Systems, a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (“ Company ”), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association (“ Trustee ”). Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities issued under this Indenture. ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE Section 1.1. Definitions. “ Affiliate ” of any specified person means any other person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified person. For the purposes of this definition, “control” (including, with correlative meanings, the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”), as used with respect to any person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by agreement or otherwise. “ Agent ” means any Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent. “ Board of Directors ” means the board of directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee thereof. “ Board Resolution ” means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been adopted by the Board of Directors or pursuant to authorization by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of the certificate and delivered to the Trustee. “ Business Day ” means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday in the City of New York, New York (or in connection with any payment, the place of payment) on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. “ Capital Stock ” means any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock. “ Company ” means the party named as such above until a successor replaces it and thereafter means the successor. “ Company Order ” means a written order signed in the name of the Company by an Officer and delivered to the Trustee. “ Corporate Trust Office ” means the office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business related to this Indenture shall be principally administered. “ Default ” means any event which is, or after notice, passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default. “ Depositary ” means, with respect to the Securities of any Series issuable or issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities, the person designated as Depositary for such Series by the Company, which Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act; and if at any time there is more than one such person, “Depositary” as used with respect to the Securities of any Series shall mean the Depositary with respect to the Securities of such Series. “ Discount Security ” means any Security that provides for an amount less than the stated principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2. “ Dollars ” and “ $ ” means the currency of the United States of America. “ Exchange Act ” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. “ Foreign Currency ” means any currency or currency unit issued by a government other than the government of the United States of America. “ Foreign Government Obligations ” means, with respect to Securities of any Series that are denominated in a Foreign Currency, direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed by, the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency for the payment of which obligations its full faith and credit is pledged and which are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof. “GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are in effect as of the date of determination. “ Global Security ” or “ Global Securities ” means a Security or Securities, as the case may be, in the form established pursuant to Section 2.2 evidencing all or part of a Series of Securities, issued to the Depositary for such Series or its nominee, and registered in the name of such Depositary or nominee. “ Holder ” means a person in whose name a Security is registered on the Registrar’s books. “ Indenture ” means this Indenture as amended or supplemented from time to time and shall include the form and terms of particular Series of Securities established as contemplated hereunder. “ interest ” with respect to any Discount Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity, means interest payable after Maturity. 2 “ Maturity ” when used with respect to any Security, means the date on which the principal of such Security becomes due and payable as therein or herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise. “ Officer ” means the Chief Executive Officer, President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary and any Vice President of the Company. “ Officer’s Certificate ” means a certificate signed by any Officer that meets the requirements of this Indenture. “ Opinion of Counsel ” means a written opinion of legal counsel who is acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Company. The opinion may contain customary limitations, conditions and exceptions. “ person ” means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, limited liability company, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. “ principal ” of a Security means the principal of the Security plus, when appropriate, the premium, if any, on, the Security. “ Responsible Officer ” means any officer of the Trustee in its Corporate Trust Office having responsibility for administration of this Indenture and also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of his or her knowledge of and familiarity with a particular subject. “ SEC ” means the Securities and Exchange Commission. “ Security ” or “ Securities ” means the debentures, notes or other debt instruments of the Company of any Series authenticated and delivered under this Indenture. “ Series ” or “ Series of Securities ” means each series of debentures, notes or other debt instruments of the Company created pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 2.2 hereof. “ Stated Maturity ” when used with respect to any Security, means the date specified in such Security as the fixed date on which the principal of such Security or interest is due and payable. “ Subsidiary ” of any specified person means any corporation, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that person or a combination thereof. “ TIA ” means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code §§ 77aaa-77bbbb) as in effect on the date of this Indenture; provided , however , that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, “TIA” means, to the extent required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act as so amended. 3 “ Trustee ” means the person named as the “Trustee” in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Trustee” shall mean or include each person who is then a Trustee hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such person, “Trustee” as used with respect to the Securities of any Series shall mean the Trustee with respect to Securities of that Series. “ U.S. Government Obligations ” means securities which are direct obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States of America for the payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged and which are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof and shall also include a depositary receipt issued by a bank or trust company as custodian with respect to any such U.S. Government Obligation or a specific payment of interest on or principal of any such U.S. Government Obligation held by such custodian for the account of the holder of a depositary receipt, provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government Obligation evidenced by such depositary receipt. Section 1.2. Other Definitions . TERM DEFINED IN SECTION “Agent Member” 2.14.6 “Bankruptcy Law” 6.1 “Custodian” 6.1 “Event of Default” 6.1 “Judgment Currency” 10.16 “mandatory sinking fund payment” 11.1 “New York Banking Day” 10.16 “Notice Agent” 2.4 “optional sinking fund payment” 11.1 “Paying Agent” 2.4 “Registrar” 2.4 “Required Currency” 10.16 “Specified Courts” 10.10 “successor person” 5.1 Section 1.3. Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act . Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture. The following TIA terms used in this Indenture have the following meanings: “ Commission ” means the SEC. 4 “ indenture securities ” means the Securities. “ indenture security holder ” means a Holder. “ indenture to be qualified ” means this Indenture. “ indenture trustee ” or “ institutional trustee ” means the Trustee. “ obligor ” on the indenture securities means the Company and any successor obligor upon the Securities. All other terms used in this Indenture that are defined by the TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by SEC rule under the TIA and not otherwise defined herein are used herein as so defined. Section 1.4. Rules of Construction . Unless the context otherwise requires: (a) a term has the meaning assigned to it; (b) an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP; (c) “ or ” is not exclusive; (d) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular; (e) provisions apply to successive events and transactions; (f) in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means “from and including,” and the words “to” and “until” each mean “to but excluding”; and (g) the phrase “in writing” as used herein shall be deemed to include PDFs, e-mails and other electronic means of transmission, unless otherwise indicated. ARTICLE II. THE SECURITIES Section 2.1. Issuable in Series . The aggregate principal amount of Securities that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited. The Securities may be issued in one or more Series. All Securities of a Series shall be identical except as may be set forth or determined in the manner provided in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture or an Officer’s Certificate detailing the adoption of the terms thereof pursuant to authority granted under a Board Resolution. In the case of Securities of a Series to be issued from time to time, the Board Resolution, Officer’s Certificate 5 or supplemental indenture detailing the adoption of the terms thereof pursuant to authority granted under a Board Resolution may provide for the method by which specified terms (such as interest rate, maturity date, record date or date from which interest shall accrue) are to be determined. Securities may differ between Series in respect of any matters, provided that all Series of Securities shall be equally and ratably entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. Section 2.2. Establishment of Terms of Series of Securities . At or prior to the issuance of any Securities within a Series, the following shall be established (as to the Series generally, in the case of Subsection 2.2.1 and either as to such Securities within the Series or as to the Series generally in the case of Subsections 2.2.2 through 2.2.23) by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, and set forth or determined in the manner provided in a Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate: 2.2.1. the title (which shall distinguish the Securities of that particular Series from the Securities of any other Series) and ranking (including the terms of any subordination provisions) of the Series; 2.2.2. the price or prices (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount thereof) at which the Securities of the Series will be issued; 2.2.3. any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of the Series which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture (except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities of the Series pursuant to Section 2.7, 2.8, 2.11, 3.6 or 9.6); 2.2.4. the date or dates on which the principal of the Securities of the Series is payable; 2.2.5. the rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) per annum or, if applicable, the method used to determine such rate or rates (including, but not limited to, any commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index) at which the Securities of the Series shall bear interest, if any, the date or dates from which such interest, if any, shall accrue, the date or dates on which such interest, if any, shall commence and be payable and any regular record date for the interest payable on any interest payment date; 2.2.6. the place or places where the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series shall be payable, where the Securities of such Series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such Series and this Indenture may be delivered, and the method of such payment, if by wire transfer, mail or other means; 2.2.7. if applicable, the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which the Securities of the Series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company; 6 2.2.8. the obligation, if any, of the Company to redeem or purchase the Securities of the Series pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provisions or at the option of a Holder thereof and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which Securities of the Series shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation; 2.2.9. the dates, if any, on which and the price or prices at which the Securities of the Series will be repurchased by the Company at the option of the Holders thereof and other detailed terms and provisions of such repurchase obligations; 2.2.10. if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof, the denominations in which the Securities of the Series shall be issuable; 2.2.11. the forms of the Securities of the Series and whether the Securities will be issuable as Global Securities; 2.2.12. if other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of the Securities of the Series that shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2; 2.2.13. the currency of denomination of the Securities of the Series, which may be Dollars or any Foreign Currency, and if such currency of denomination is a composite currency, the agency or organization, if any, responsible for overseeing such composite currency; 2.2.14. the designation of the currency, currencies or currency units in which payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series will be made; 2.2.15. if payments of principal of or interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series are to be made in one or more currencies or currency units other than that or those in which such Securities are denominated, the manner in which the exchange rate with respect to such payments will be determined; 2.2.16. the manner in which the amounts of payment of principal of or interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series will be determined, if such amounts may be determined by reference to an index based on a currency or currencies or by reference to a commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index; 2.2.17. the provisions, if any, relating to any security provided for the Securities of the Series; 2.2.18. any addition to, deletion of or change in the Events of Default which applies to any Securities of the Series and any change in the right of the Trustee or the requisite Holders of such Securities to declare the principal amount thereof due and payable pursuant to Section 6.2; 2.2.19. any addition to, deletion of or change in the covenants applicable to Securities of the Series; 7 2.2.20. any Depositaries, interest rate calculation agents, exchange rate calculation agents or other agents with respect to Securities of such Series if other than those appointed herein; 2.2.21. the provisions, if any, relating to conversion or exchange of any Securities of such Series, including if applicable, the conversion or exchange price, the conversion or exchange period, provisions as to whether conversion or exchange will be mandatory, at the option of the Holders thereof or at the option of the Company, the events requiring an adjustment of the conversion price or exchange price and provisions affecting conversion or exchange if such Series of Securities are redeemed; 2.2.22. any other terms of the Series (which may supplement, modify or delete any provision of this Indenture insofar as it applies to such Series), including any terms that may be required under applicable law or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of Securities of that Series; and 2.2.23. whether any of the Company’s direct or indirect Subsidiaries will guarantee the Securities of that Series, including the terms of subordination, if any, of such guarantees. All Securities of any one Series need not be issued at the same time and may be issued from time to time, consistent with the terms of this Indenture, if so provided by or pursuant to the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate referred to above. Section 2.3. Execution and Authentication . An Officer shall sign the Securities for the Company by manual, facsimile or electronic signature. If an Officer whose signature is on a Security no longer holds that office at the time the Security is authenticated, the Security shall nevertheless be valid. A Security shall not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent. The signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Security has been authenticated under this Indenture. The Trustee shall at any time, and from time to time, authenticate Securities for original issue in the principal amount provided in the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate, upon receipt by the Trustee of a Company Order. Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication. The aggregate principal amount of Securities of any Series outstanding at any time may not exceed any limit upon the maximum principal amount for such Series set forth in the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2, except as provided in Section 2.8. 8 Prior to the issuance of Securities of any Series, the Trustee shall have received and (subject to Section 7.2) shall be fully protected in relying on: (a) the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate establishing the form of the Securities of that Series or of Securities within that Series and the terms of the Securities of that Series or of Securities within that Series, (b) an Officer’s Certificate complying with Sections 10.4 and 10.5, and (c) an Opinion of Counsel complying with Sections 10.4 and 10.5. The Trustee shall have the right to decline to authenticate and deliver any Securities of such Series: (a) if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, determines that such action may not be taken lawfully; or (b) if the Trustee in good faith determines that such action may expose the Trustee to personal liability. The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate Securities. An authenticating agent may authenticate Securities whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An authenticating agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company. Section 2.4. Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent . The Company shall maintain, with respect to each Series of Securities, at the place or places specified with respect to such Series pursuant to Section 2.2, an office or agency where Securities of such Series may be presented or surrendered for payment (“ Paying Agent ”), where Securities of such Series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange (“ Registrar ”) and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such Series and this Indenture may be delivered (“ Notice Agent ”). The Registrar shall keep a register with respect to each Series of Securities and to their transfer and exchange. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the name and address, and any change in the name or address, of each Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the name and address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and the Company hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands; provided , however , that any appointment of the Trustee as the Notice Agent shall exclude the appointment of the Trustee or any office of the Trustee as an agent to receive the service of legal process on the Company. The Company may also from time to time designate one or more co-registrars, additional paying agents or additional notice agents and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided , however , that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligations to maintain a Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent in each place so specified pursuant to Section 2.2 for Securities of any Series for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the name or address of any such co-registrar, additional paying agent or additional notice agent. The term “ Registrar ” includes any co-registrar; the term “ Paying Agent ” includes any additional paying agent; and the term “ Notice Agent ” includes any additional notice agent. The Company or any of its Affiliates may serve as Registrar or Paying Agent. 9 The Company hereby appoints the Trustee the initial Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent for each Series unless another Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent, as the case may be, is appointed prior to the time Securities of that Series are first issued. The rights, powers, duties, obligations and actions of each Agent under this Indenture are several and not joint or joint and several, and the Agents shall only be obliged to perform those duties expressly set out in this Indenture and shall have no implied duties. Section 2.5. Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust . The Company shall require each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that the Paying Agent will hold in trust, for the benefit of Holders of any Series of Securities or the Trustee, all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal of or interest on the Series of Securities and will notify the Trustee in writing of any default by the Company in making any such payment. While any such default continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. The Company at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company) shall have no further liability for the money. If the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of Holders of any Series of Securities all money held by it as Paying Agent. Upon any bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding with respect to the Company, the Trustee shall serve as Paying Agent for the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, a Paying Agent and the Trustee shall be held harmless and have no liability with respect to payments or disbursements (including to the Holders) until they have confirmed receipt of funds sufficient to make the relevant payment. No money held by an Agent needs to be segregated except as is required by law. Section 2.6. Holder Lists . If it is serving as Registrar, the Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of Holders of each Series of Securities and shall otherwise comply with TIA § 312(a). If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee at least ten days before each interest payment date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing a list, in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of Holders of each Series of Securities. Every Holder, by receiving and holding Securities, agrees with the Company and the Trustee that neither the Company nor the Trustee or any agent of either of them shall be held accountable by reason of the disclosure of any such information as to the names and addresses of the Holders in accordance with TIA § 312, regardless of the source from which such information was derived, and that the Trustee shall not be held accountable by reason of mailing any material pursuant to a request made under TIA § 312(b). 10 Section 2.7. Transfer and Exchange . Where Securities of a Series are presented to the Registrar or a co-registrar with a request to register a transfer or to exchange them for an equal principal amount of Securities of the same Series, the Registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange if its requirements for such transactions are met. To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Trustee shall authenticate Securities at the Registrar’s request. No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein), but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable upon exchanges pursuant to Sections 2.11, 3.6 or 9.6). Neither the Company nor the Registrar shall be required (a) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange Securities of any Series for the period beginning at the opening of business 15 days immediately preceding the sending of a notice of redemption of Securities of that Series selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day such notice is sent, (b) to register the transfer of or exchange Securities of any Series selected, called or being called for redemption as a whole or the portion being redeemed of any such Securities selected, called or being called for redemption in part or (c) to register the transfer of or exchange Securities of any Series between a record date and payment date for such Series of Securities. Section 2.8. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities . If any mutilated Security is surrendered to the Trustee, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a new Security of the same Series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding. If there shall be delivered to the Company and the Trustee (i) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Security and (ii) such security or indemnity bond as may be required by each of them to hold itself and any of its agents harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Company or the Trustee that such Security has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall execute and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Security, a new Security of the same Series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding. In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security has become or is about to become due and payable, the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Security, pay such Security. Upon the issuance of any new Security under this Section, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith. Every new Security of any Series issued pursuant to this Section in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Securities of that Series duly issued hereunder. 11 The provisions of this Section are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities. Section 2.9. Outstanding Securities . The Securities outstanding at any time are all the Securities authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation, those reductions in the interest on a Global Security effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof and those described in this Section as not outstanding. If a Security is replaced pursuant to Section 2.8, it ceases to be outstanding until the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced Security is held by a bona fide purchaser. If the Paying Agent (other than the Company, a Subsidiary of the Company or an Affiliate of the Company) holds on the Maturity of Securities of a Series money sufficient to pay such Securities payable on that date, then on and after that date such Securities of the Series cease to be outstanding and interest on them ceases to accrue. The Company may purchase or otherwise acquire the Securities, whether by open market purchases, negotiated transactions or otherwise. A Security does not cease to be outstanding because the Company or an Affiliate of the Company holds the Security (but see Section 2.10 below). In determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of outstanding Securities have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, the principal amount of a Discount Security that shall be deemed to be outstanding for such purposes shall be the amount of the principal thereof that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2. Section 2.10. Treasury Securities . In determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of Securities of a Series have concurred in any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, Securities of a Series owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company shall be disregarded, except that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver only Securities of a Series that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Section 2.11. Temporary Securities . Until definitive Securities are ready for delivery, the Company may prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate temporary Securities upon a Company Order. Temporary Securities shall be substantially in the form of definitive Securities but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary Securities. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall prepare and the Trustee upon receipt of a Company Order shall authenticate definitive Securities of the same Series and date of maturity in exchange for temporary Securities. Until so exchanged, temporary securities shall have the same rights under this Indenture as the definitive Securities. 12 Section 2.12. Cancellation . The Company at any time may deliver Securities to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and the Paying Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Securities surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee shall cancel all Securities surrendered for transfer, exchange, payment, replacement or cancellation and shall destroy such canceled Securities (subject to the record retention requirements of the Exchange Act and the Trustee) and deliver a certificate of such cancellation to the Company upon written request of the Company. The Company may not issue new Securities to replace Securities that it has paid or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. Section 2.13. Defaulted Interest . If the Company defaults in a payment of interest on a Series of Securities, it shall pay the defaulted interest, plus, to the extent permitted by law, any interest payable on the defaulted interest, to the persons who are Holders of the Series on a subsequent special record date. The Company shall fix the record date and payment date. At least ten days before the special record date, the Company shall send to the Trustee and to each Holder of the Series a notice that states the special record date, the payment date and the amount of interest to be paid. The Company may pay defaulted interest in any other lawful manner. Section 2.14. Global Securities . 2.14.1. Terms of Securities . A Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate shall establish whether the Securities of a Series shall be issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities and the Depositary for such Global Security or Securities. 2.14.2. Transfer and Exchange . Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary contained in Section 2.7 of the Indenture and in addition thereto, any Global Security shall be exchangeable pursuant to Section 2.7 of the Indenture for Securities registered in the names of Holders other than the Depositary for such Security or its nominee only if (i) such Depositary notifies the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Security or if at any time such Depositary ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, and, in either case, the Company fails to appoint a successor Depositary registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act within 90 days of such event or (ii) the Company executes and delivers to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate to the effect that such Global Security shall be so exchangeable. Any Global Security that is exchangeable pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be exchangeable for Securities registered in such names as the Depositary shall direct in writing in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Security with like tenor and terms. 13 Except as provided in this Section 2.14.2, a Global Security may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary with respect to such Global Security to a nominee of such Depositary, by a nominee of such Depositary to such Depositary or another nominee of such Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such a successor Depositary. None of the Trustee or any Agent shall have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Security (including any transfers between or among Depositary participants, members or beneficial owners in any Global Security) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof. None of the Trustee or any Agent shall have any responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner of a Global Security, a member of, or a participant in the Depositary or other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records of the Depositary or its nominee or of any participant or member thereof, with respect to any ownership interest in any Security or with respect to the delivery to any participant, member, beneficial owner or other Person (other than the Depositary) of any notice (including any notice of optional redemption) or the payment of any amount, under or with respect to such Security. 2.14.3. Legends . Any Global Security issued hereunder shall bear a legend in substantially the following form: “THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.” In addition, so long as the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) is the Depositary, each Global Security registered in the name of DTC or its nominee shall bear a legend in substantially the following form: “UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“DTC”), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.” 14 2.14.4. Acts of Holders . The Depositary, as a Holder, may appoint agents and otherwise authorize participants to give or take any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action which a Holder is entitled to give or take under the Indenture. 2.14.5. Payments . Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Indenture, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 2.2, payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on any Global Security shall be made to the Holder thereof. 2.14.6. Agent Members . The registered Holder of a Security will be treated as the owner of such Security for all purposes and only registered Holders shall have rights under this Indenture and the Securities. Members of, or participants in, the Depositary (“ Agent Members ”) and persons who hold beneficial interests in a Global Security through an Agent Member shall have no rights under this Indenture with respect to any Global Security held on their behalf by the Depositary. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Registrar and any agent of the foregoing as the absolute owner of the Global Securities for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Company, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or any agent of the foregoing from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices of such Depositary governing the exercise of the rights of a Holder of a beneficial interest in any Global Security. Section 2.15. CUSIP Numbers . The Company in issuing the Securities may use “CUSIP” numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use “CUSIP” numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other elements of identification printed on the Securities, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. ARTICLE III. REDEMPTION Section 3.1. Notice to Trustee . The Company may, with respect to any Series of Securities, reserve the right to redeem and pay the Series of Securities or may covenant to redeem and pay the Series of Securities or any part thereof prior to the Stated Maturity thereof at such time and on such terms as provided for in such Securities. If a Series of Securities is redeemable and the Company wants or is obligated to redeem prior to the Stated Maturity thereof all or part of the Series of Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities, it shall notify the Trustee in writing of the redemption date and the principal amount of the Series of Securities to be redeemed. The Company shall give the notice at least 15 days before the redemption date (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the Trustee). 15 Section 3.2. Selection of Securities to be Redeemed . Unless otherwise indicated for a particular Series by a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate, if less than all the Securities of a Series are to be redeemed, the Securities of the Series to be redeemed will be selected as follows: (a) if the Securities are in the form of Global Securities, in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary, (b) if the Securities are listed on any national securities exchange, in compliance with the requirements of the principal national securities exchange, if any, on which the Securities are listed or (c) if not otherwise provided for under clause (a) or (b) in the manner that the Trustee deems fair and appropriate, including by lot or other method, unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange requirements, subject, in the case of Global Securities, to the applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary. The Securities to be redeemed shall be selected from Securities of the Series outstanding not previously called for redemption. Portions of the principal of Securities of the Series that have denominations larger than $1,000 may be selected for redemption. Securities of the Series and portions of them it selected for redemption shall be in amounts of $1,000 or whole multiples of $1,000 or, with respect to Securities of any Series issuable in other denominations pursuant to Section 2.2.10, the minimum principal denomination for each Series and the authorized integral multiples thereof. Provisions of this Indenture that apply to Securities of a Series called for redemption also apply to portions of Securities of that Series called for redemption. Neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall be liable for any selection made by it in accordance with this paragraph (including the procedures of the Depositary). Section 3.3. Notice of Redemption . Unless otherwise indicated for a particular Series by Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate, at least 15 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, the Company shall send or cause to be sent by first-class mail or electronically, in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Securities are to be redeemed. The notice shall identify the Securities of the Series to be redeemed and shall state: (a) the redemption date; (b) the redemption price; (c) the name and address of the Paying Agent; (d) if any Securities are being redeemed in part, the portion of the principal amount of such Securities to be redeemed and that, after the redemption date and upon surrender of such Security, a new Security or Securities in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Security shall be issued in the name of the Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Security; 16 (e) that Securities of the Series called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price; (f) that interest on Securities of the Series called for redemption ceases to accrue on and after the redemption date unless the Company defaults in the deposit of the redemption price; (g) the “CUSIP” number, if any; and (h) any other information as may be required by the terms of the particular Series or the Securities of a Series being redeemed. At the Company’s request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the Company’s name and at its expense, provided, however, that the Company has delivered to the Trustee, at least 10 days (unless a shorter time shall be acceptable to the Trustee) prior to the notice date, an Officer’s Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in such notice and the form of such notice. Section 3.4. Effect of Notice of Redemption . Once notice of redemption is sent as provided in Section 3.3, Securities of a Series called for redemption become due and payable on the redemption date and at the redemption price. Except as otherwise provided in the supplemental indenture, Board Resolution or Officer’s Certificate for a Series, a notice of redemption may not be conditional. Upon surrender to the Paying Agent, such Securities shall be paid at the redemption price plus accrued interest to the redemption date. Section 3.5. Deposit of Redemption Price . On or before 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the redemption date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the redemption price of and accrued interest, if any, on all Securities to be redeemed on that date. Section 3.6. Securities Redeemed in Part . Upon surrender of a Security that is redeemed in part, the Trustee shall authenticate for the Holder a new Security of the same Series and the same maturity equal in principal amount to the unredeemed portion of the Security surrendered. ARTICLE IV. COVENANTS Section 4.1. Payment of Principal and Interest . The Company covenants and agrees for the benefit of the Holders of each Series of Securities that it will duly and punctually pay the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of that Series in accordance with the terms of such Securities and this Indenture. On or before 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the applicable payment date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of each Series in accordance with the terms of such Securities and this Indenture. 17 Section 4.2. SEC Reports . To the extent any Securities of a Series are outstanding, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 15 days after it files them with the SEC copies of the annual reports and of the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the SEC may by rules and regulations prescribe) which the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Company also shall comply with the other provisions of TIA § 314(a). Reports, information and documents filed with the SEC via the EDGAR system will be deemed to be delivered to the Trustee as of the time of such filing via EDGAR for purposes of this Section 4.2. Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee under this Section 4.2 is for informational purposes only and the Trustee’s receipt of the foregoing shall not constitute constructive or actual notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company’s compliance with any of the covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer’s Certificates). All such reports, information or documents referred to in this Section 4.2 that the Company files with the SEC via the SEC’s EDGAR system shall be deemed to be filed with the Trustee and transmitted to Holders at the time such reports, information or documents are filed via the EDGAR system (or any successor system). Section 4.3. Compliance Certificate . To the extent any Securities of a Series are outstanding, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, an Officer’s Certificate stating that a review of the activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries during the preceding fiscal year has been made under the supervision of the signing Officer with a view to determining whether the Company has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled its obligations under this Indenture, and further stating, as to such Officer signing such certificate, that to the best of his/her knowledge the Company has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled each and every covenant contained in this Indenture and is not in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions hereof (or, if a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred, describing all such Defaults or Events of Default of which the Officer may have knowledge). Section 4.4. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws . The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, plead or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture or the Securities; and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted. 18 ARTICLE V. SUCCESSORS Section 5.1. When Company May Merge, Etc . The Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to, any person (a “ successor person ”) unless: (a) the Company is the surviving entity or the successor person (if other than the Company) is a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity organized and validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic jurisdiction and expressly assumes by supplemental indenture the Company’s obligations on the Securities and under this Indenture; and (b) immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing. The Company shall deliver to the Trustee prior to the consummation of the proposed transaction an Officer’s Certificate to the foregoing effect and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the proposed transaction and any supplemental indenture comply with this Indenture. Notwithstanding the above, any Subsidiary of the Company may consolidate with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties to the Company. Neither an Officer’s Certificate nor an Opinion of Counsel shall be required to be delivered in connection therewith. Section 5.2. Successor Corporation Substituted . Upon any consolidation or merger, or any sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company in accordance with Section 5.1, the successor corporation formed by such consolidation or into or with which the Company is merged or to which such sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor person has been named as the Company herein; provided , however , that the predecessor Company in the case of a sale, conveyance or other disposition (other than a lease) shall be released from all obligations and covenants under this Indenture and the Securities. 19 ARTICLE VI. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES Section 6.1. Events of Default . “ Event of Default ,” wherever used herein with respect to Securities of any Series, means any one of the following events, unless in the establishing Board Resolution, supplemental indenture or Officer’s Certificate it is provided that such Series shall not have the benefit of said Event of Default: (a) default in the payment of any interest on any Security of that Series when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days (unless the entire amount of such payment is deposited by the Company with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the 30 th day of such period); (b) default in the payment of principal of any Security of that Series at its Maturity; (c) default in the performance or breach of any covenant or warranty of the Company in this Indenture (other than defaults pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above or pursuant to a covenant or warranty that has been included in this Indenture solely for the benefit of a Series of Securities other than that Series), which default continues uncured for a period of 60 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a “Notice of Default” hereunder; (d) the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law: (i) commences a voluntary case, (ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (iii) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (v) generally is unable to pay its debts as the same become due; (e) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: (i) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case, (ii) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or (iii) orders the liquidation of the Company, and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 days; or 20 (f) any other Event of Default provided with respect to Securities of that Series, which is specified in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate, in accordance with Section 2.2.18. The term “ Bankruptcy Law ” means title 11, U.S. Code or any similar Federal or State law for the relief of debtors. The term “ Custodian ” means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. The Company will provide the Trustee written notice of any Default or Event of Default within 30 days of becoming aware of the occurrence of such Default or Event of Default, which notice will describe in reasonable detail the status of such Default or Event of Default and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take in respect thereof. Section 6.2. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment . If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of any Series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing (other than an Event of Default referred to in Section 6.1(d) or (e)) then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series may declare the principal amount (or, if any Securities of that Series are Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of such Securities) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the Securities of that Series to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount (or specified amount) and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(d) or (e) shall occur, the principal amount (or specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all outstanding Securities shall ipso facto become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. At any time after such a declaration of acceleration with respect to any Series has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article provided, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if all Events of Default with respect to Securities of that Series, other than the non-payment of the principal and interest, if any, of Securities of that Series which have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 6.13. No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Section 6.3. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee . The Company covenants that if: (a) default is made in the payment of any interest on any Security when such interest becomes due and payable and such default continues for a period of 30 days, 21 (b) default is made in the payment of principal of any Security at the Maturity thereof, or (c) default is made in the deposit of any sinking fund payment, if any, when and as due by the terms of a Security, then, the Company will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities, the whole amount then due and payable on such Securities for principal and interest and, to the extent that payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable, interest on any overdue principal and any overdue interest at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities, and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel. If the Company fails to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon such Securities and collect the moneys adjudged or deemed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company or any other obligor upon such Securities, wherever situated. If an Event of Default with respect to any Securities of any Series occurs and is continuing, the Trustee, subject to Article VII hereof, may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Holders of Securities of such Series by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy. Section 6.4. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or the property of the Company or of such other obligor or their creditors, the Trustee (irrespective of whether the principal of the Securities shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand on the Company for the payment of overdue principal or interest) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise, (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Securities and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceeding, and (b) to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same, 22 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.7. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. Section 6.5. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities . All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or the Securities may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Securities or the production thereof in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities in respect of which such judgment has been recovered. Section 6.6. Application of Money Collected. Any money or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such money or property on account of principal or interest, upon presentation of the Securities and the notation thereon of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender thereof if fully paid: First: To the payment of all amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.7; and Second: To the payment of the amounts then due and unpaid for principal of and interest on the Securities in respect of which or for the benefit of which such money has been collected, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on such Securities for principal and interest, respectively; and Third: To the Company. Section 6.7. Limitation on Suits . No Holder of any Security of any Series shall have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless (a) such Holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of that Series; 23 (b) the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder; (c) such Holder or Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by the Trustee in compliance with such request; (d) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding; and (e) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series; it being understood, intended and expressly covenanted by the Holder of every Security with every other Holder and the Trustee that no one or more of such Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other of such Holders, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other of such Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal and ratable benefit of all such Holders of the applicable Series. Section 6.8. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal and Interest . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, the Holder of any Security shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on such Security on the Maturity of such Security, including the Stated Maturity expressed in such Security (or, in the case of redemption, on the redemption date) and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, and such rights shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder. Section 6.9. Restoration of Rights and Remedies . If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, the Company, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted. Section 6.10. Rights and Remedies Cumulative . Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities in Section 2.8, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in 24 addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not, to the extent permitted by law, prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy. Section 6.11. Delay or Omission Not Waiver . No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Securities to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be. Section 6.12. Control by Holders . The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Securities of such Series, provided that (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, (b) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction, (c) subject to the provisions of Section 7.1, the Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow any such direction if the Trustee in good faith shall, by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, determine that the proceeding so directed would involve the Trustee in personal liability, and (d) prior to taking any action as directed under this Section 6.12, the Trustee shall be entitled to indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. Section 6.13. Waiver of Past Defaults . The Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series may on behalf of the Holders of all the Securities of such Series, by written notice to the Trustee and the Company, waive any past Default hereunder with respect to such Series and its consequences, except a Default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Security of such Series (provided, however, that the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any related payment default that resulted from such acceleration). Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 25 Section 6.14. Undertaking for Costs . All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Security by his acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; but the provisions of this Section shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Company, to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or interest on any Security on or after the Maturity of such Security, including the Stated Maturity expressed in such Security (or, in the case of redemption, on the redemption date). ARTICLE VII. TRUSTEE Section 7.1. Duties of Trustee . (a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such person’s own affairs. (b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default: (i) The Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations will be read into this Indenture against the Trustee. (ii) In the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon Officer’s Certificates or Opinions of Counsel furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; however , in the case of any such Officer’s Certificates or Opinions of Counsel which by any provisions hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall examine such Officer’s Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to determine whether or not they conform to the form requirements of this Indenture. (c) The Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that: (i) This paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section. 26 (ii) The Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. (iii) The Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it with respect to Securities of any Series in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of such Series relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such Series in accordance with Section 6.12. (d) Every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraph (a), (b) and (c) of this Section. (e) The Trustee may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any right or power unless it receives indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in performing such duty or exercising such right or power. (f) The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. (g) No provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if adequate indemnity against such risk is not assured to the Trustee in its satisfaction. (h) The Paying Agent, the Notice Agent, the Registrar, any authenticating agent and the Trustee when acting in any other capacity hereunder shall be entitled to the protections and immunities as are set forth in this Article VII. (i) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and will be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities under this Indenture. Section 7.2. Rights of Trustee . (a) The Trustee may rely on and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any document (whether in its original or facsimile form) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document. (b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officer’s Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officer’s Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. 27 (c) The Trustee may act through agents and shall not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent appointed with due care. No Depositary shall be deemed an agent of the Trustee, and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any act or omission by any Depositary. (d) The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers. (e) The Trustee may consult with counsel and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon. (f) The Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders of Securities unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. (g) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit. (h) The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by a Responsible Officer at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the Securities generally or the Securities of a particular Series and this Indenture. (i) In no event shall the Trustee be liable to any person for special, punitive, indirect, consequential or incidental loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage. (j) The permissive right of the Trustee to take the actions permitted by this Indenture shall not be construed as an obligation or duty to do so. (k) The Trustee will not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of this Indenture or otherwise. Section 7.3. Individual Rights of Trustee . The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Securities and may otherwise deal with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. Any Agent may do the same with like rights. The Trustee is also subject to Sections 7.10 and 7.11. 28 Section 7.4. Trustee ’ s Disclaimer . The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Securities. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the Company’s use of the proceeds from the Securities and shall not be responsible for any statement in the Securities other than its certificate of authentication. Section 7.5. Notice of Defaults . If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the Securities of any Series and if it is known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee shall send to each Holder of the Securities of that Series notice of a Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs or, if later, after a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has knowledge of such Default or Event of Default. Except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in payment of principal of or interest on any Security of any Series, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as its corporate trust committee or a committee of its Responsible Officers in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Holders of that Series. The Trustee will not be deemed to have notice or be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless written notice thereof has been received by a Responsible Officer, and such notice references the applicable Series of Securities and this Indenture and states on its face that a Default or Event of Default has occurred. Section 7.6. Reports by Trustee to Holders . Within 60 days after each anniversary of the date of this Indenture, the Trustee shall transmit by mail to all Holders, as their names and addresses appear on the register kept by the Registrar, a brief report dated as of such anniversary date, in accordance with, and to the extent required under, TIA § 313. A copy of each report at the time of its mailing to Holders of any Series shall be filed with the SEC and each national securities exchange on which the Securities of that Series are listed. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing when Securities of any Series are listed on any national securities exchange. Section 7.7. Compensation and Indemnity . The Company shall pay to the Trustee from time to time compensation for its services as the Company and the Trustee shall from time to time agree upon in writing. The Trustee’s compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Company shall reimburse the Trustee upon request for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it. Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation and expenses of the Trustee’s agents and counsel. The Company shall indemnify each of the Trustee and any predecessor Trustee (including for the cost of defending itself) against any cost, expense or liability, including taxes (other than taxes based upon, measured by or determined by the income of the Trustee) incurred by it except as set forth in the next paragraph in the performance of its duties under this Indenture as Trustee or Agent. The Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of any claim for which it 29 may seek indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of its obligations hereunder, unless and to the extent that the Company is materially prejudiced thereby. The Company shall defend the claim and the Trustee shall cooperate in the defense. The Trustee may have separate counsel, and the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. This indemnification shall apply to officers, directors, employees, shareholders and agents of the Trustee. The Company need not reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss or liability incurred by the Trustee or by any officer, director, employee, shareholder or agent of the Trustee through willful misconduct or negligence, as determined by a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction. To secure the Company’s payment obligations in this Section, the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Securities of any Series on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal of and interest on particular Securities of that Series. When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(d) or (e) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law. The provisions of this Section shall survive the termination of this Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Trustee. Section 7.8. Replacement of Trustee . A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee shall become effective only upon the successor Trustee’s acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section. The Trustee may resign with respect to the Securities of one or more Series by so notifying the Company at least 30 days prior to the date of the proposed resignation. The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities of any Series may remove the Trustee with respect to that Series by so notifying the Trustee and the Company. The Company may remove the Trustee with respect to Securities of one or more Series if: (a) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10; (b) the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law; (c) a Custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or (d) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting. If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee. Within one year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Securities may appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the Company. 30 If a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any one or more Series does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee, the Company or the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Securities of the applicable Series may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee. A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company. Immediately after that, the retiring Trustee shall transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee subject to the lien provided for in Section 7.7, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee with respect to each Series of Securities for which it is acting as Trustee under this Indenture. A successor Trustee shall send a notice of its succession to each Holder of each such Series. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.8, the Company’s obligations under Section 7.7 hereof shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee with respect to expenses and liabilities incurred by it for actions taken or omitted to be taken in accordance with its rights, powers and duties under this Indenture prior to such replacement. Section 7.9. Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc . Any organization or entity into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any organization or entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any organization or entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee, shall be the successor of the Trustee hereunder, provided such organization or entity shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under Section 7.10, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. Section 7.10. Eligibility; Disqualification . This Indenture shall always have a Trustee who satisfies the requirements of TIA § 310(a)(1), (2) and (5). The Trustee shall always have a combined capital and surplus of at least $25,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. The Trustee shall comply with TIA § 310(b). Section 7.11. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company . The Trustee is subject to TIA § 311(a), excluding any creditor relationship listed in TIA § 311(b). A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to TIA § 311(a) to the extent indicated. 31 ARTICLE VIII. SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; DEFEASANCE Section 8.1. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture . This Indenture shall upon Company Order be discharged with respect to the Securities of any Series and cease to be of further effect as to all Securities of such Series (except as hereinafter provided in this Section 8.1), and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, when (a) either (i) all Securities of such Series theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than Securities that have been destroyed, lost or stolen and that have been replaced or paid) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or (ii) all such Securities of such Series not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation: (1) have become due and payable by reason of sending a notice of redemption or otherwise, (2) will become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year, (3) have been called for redemption or are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company, or (4) are deemed paid and discharged pursuant to Section 8.3, as applicable; and the Company, in the case of (1), (2) or (3) above, has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust an amount of money or U.S. Government Obligations, which amount shall be sufficient for the purpose of paying and discharging each installment of principal (including mandatory sinking fund payments or analogous payments) of and interest on all the Securities of such Series on the dates such installments of principal or interest are due; (b) the Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company; and (c) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge contemplated by this Section have been complied with. 32 Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, (x) the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.7, (y) if money shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to clause (a) of this Section, the provisions of Sections 2.4, 2.7, 2.8, 8.2 and 8.5, and (z) the rights, powers, trusts and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and the Company’s obligations in connection therewith shall survive. Section 8.2. Application of Trust Funds; Indemnification . (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 8.5, all money and U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4 and all money received by the Trustee in respect of U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4, shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the persons entitled thereto, of the principal and interest for whose payment such money has been deposited with or received by the Trustee or to make mandatory sinking fund payments or analogous payments as contemplated by Sections 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4. (b) The Company shall pay and shall indemnify the Trustee (which indemnity shall survive termination of this Indenture) against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Sections 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4 or the interest and principal received in respect of such obligations other than any payable by or on behalf of Holders. (c) The Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon Company Order any U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations or money held by it as provided in Sections 8.3 or 8.4 which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants or investment bank expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, are then in excess of the amount thereof which then would have been required to be deposited for the purpose for which such U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations or money were deposited or received. This provision shall not authorize the sale by the Trustee of any U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations held under this Indenture. Section 8.3. Legal Defeasance of Securities of any Series . Unless this Section 8.3 is otherwise specified, pursuant to Section 2.2, to be inapplicable to Securities of any Series, the Company shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness on all the outstanding Securities of any Series on the 91st day after the date of the deposit referred to in subparagraph (d) hereof, and the provisions of this Indenture, as it relates to such outstanding Securities of such Series, shall no longer be in effect (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall, upon receipt of a Company Order, execute instruments acknowledging the same), except as to: 33 (a) the rights of Holders of Securities of such Series to receive, from the trust funds described in subparagraph (d) hereof, (i) payment of the principal of and each installment of principal of and interest on the outstanding Securities of such Series on the Maturity of such principal or installment of principal or interest and (ii) the benefit of any mandatory sinking fund payments applicable to the Securities of such Series on the day on which such payments are due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and the Securities of such Series; (b) the provisions of Sections 2.4, 2.5, 2.7, 2.8, 7.7, 8.2, 8.3, 8.5 and 8.6; and (c) the rights, powers, trusts and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and the Company’s obligations in connection therewith; provided that, the following conditions shall have been satisfied: (d) the Company shall have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited (except as provided in Section 8.2(c)) with the Trustee as trust funds specifically pledged as security for and dedicated solely to the benefit of the Holders of such Securities (i) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in Dollars, cash in Dollars and/or U.S. Government Obligations or (ii) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than a composite currency), money and/or Foreign Government Obligations, which through the payment of interest and principal in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide (and without reinvestment and assuming no tax liability will be imposed on such Trustee), not later than one day before the due date of any payment of money, an amount in cash, sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or investment bank expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge each installment of principal of and interest, on and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of all the Securities of such Series on the dates such installments of principal or interest and such sinking fund payments are due; (e) such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this Indenture or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; (f) no Default or Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such Series shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit or during the period ending on the 91st day after such date; (g) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that (i) the Company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (ii) since the date of execution of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable Federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the Holders of the Securities of such Series will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit, defeasance and discharge and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit, defeasance and discharge had not occurred; 34 (h) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Company with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Company; and (i) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for relating to the defeasance contemplated by this Section have been complied with. Section 8.4. Covenant Defeasance . Unless this Section 8.4 is otherwise specified pursuant to Section 2.2 to be inapplicable to Securities of any Series, the Company may omit to comply with respect to the Securities of any Series with any term, provision or condition set forth under Sections 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 and 5.1 and, unless otherwise specified therein, any additional covenants specified in a supplemental indenture for such Series of Securities or a Board Resolution or an Officer’s Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 (and the failure to comply with any such covenants shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default with respect to such Series under Section 6.1) and the occurrence of any event specified in a supplemental indenture for such Series of Securities or a Board Resolution or an Officer’s Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 and designated as an Event of Default shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default hereunder, with respect to the Securities of such Series, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Securities will be unaffected thereby; provided that the following conditions shall have been satisfied: (a) with reference to this Section 8.4, the Company has irrevocably deposited or caused to be irrevocably deposited (except as provided in Section 8.2(c)) with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for the purpose of making the following payments specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Holders of such Securities (i) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in Dollars, cash in Dollars and/or U.S. Government Obligations or (ii) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than a composite currency), money and/or Foreign Government Obligations, which through the payment of interest and principal in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide (and without reinvestment and assuming no tax liability will be imposed on such Trustee), not later than one day before the due date of any payment of money, an amount in cash, sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants or investment bank expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge each installment of principal (including mandatory sinking fund payments or analogous payments) of and interest on all the Securities of such Series on the dates such installments of principal or interest are due; (b) such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this Indenture or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; 35 (c) no Default or Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such Series shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit; (d) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers’ Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Holders of the Securities of such Series will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and covenant defeasance and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and covenant defeasance had not occurred; (e) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate stating the deposit was not made by the Company with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Company; and (f) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the covenant defeasance contemplated by this Section have been complied with. Section 8.5. Repayment to Company . Subject to applicable abandoned property law, the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay to the Company upon request any money held by them for the payment of principal and interest that remains unclaimed for two years. After that, Holders entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment as general creditors unless an applicable abandoned property law designates another person. Section 8.6. Reinstatement . If the Trustee or the Paying Agent is unable to apply any money deposited with respect to Securities of any Series in accordance with Section 8.1 by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, the obligations of the Company under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such Series and under the Securities of such Series shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 8.1 until such time as the Trustee or the Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance with Section 8.1; provided , however , that if the Company has made any payment of principal of or interest on any Securities because of the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Securities to receive such payment from the money or U.S. Government Obligations held by the Trustee or Paying Agent after payment in full to the Holders. ARTICLE IX. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS Section 9.1. Without Consent of Holders . The Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture or the Securities of one or more Series without the consent of any Holder: (a) to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency; 36 (b) to comply with Article V; (c) to provide for uncertificated Securities in addition to or in place of certificated Securities; (d) to add guarantees with respect to Securities of any Series or secure Securities of any Series; (e) to surrender any of the Company’s rights or powers under this Indenture; (f) to add covenants or events of default for the benefit of the holders of Securities of any Series; (g) to comply with the applicable procedures of the applicable depositary; (h) to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder; (i) to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of Securities of any Series as permitted by this Indenture; (j) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more Series and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee; or (k) to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this Indenture under the TIA. Section 9.2. With Consent of Holders . Subject to Section 9.3, the Company and the Trustee may enter into a supplemental indenture with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of each Series affected by such supplemental indenture (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Securities of such Series), for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or of any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of each such Series. Except as provided in Section 6.13, and subject to Section 9.3, the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series by notice to the Trustee (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Securities of such Series) may waive compliance by the Company with any provision of this Indenture or the Securities with respect to such Series. It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders of Securities under this Section 9.2 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture or waiver, but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. After a supplemental indenture or waiver under this section becomes effective, the Company shall send to the Holders of Securities affected thereby, a notice briefly describing the supplemental indenture or waiver. Any failure by the Company to send such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture or waiver. 37 Section 9.3. Limitations . Without the consent of each Holder affected, an amendment or waiver may not: (a) reduce the principal amount of Securities whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; (b) reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest (including default interest) on any Security; (c) reduce the principal or change the Stated Maturity of any Security or reduce the amount of, or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any sinking fund or analogous obligation; (d) reduce the principal amount of Discount Securities payable upon acceleration of the maturity thereof; (e) waive a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of or interest, if any, on any Security (except a rescission of acceleration of the Securities of any Series by the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of such Series and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); (f) make the principal of or interest, if any, on any Security payable in any currency other than that stated in the Security; (g) make any change in Sections 6.8, 6.13 or 9.3 (this sentence); or (h) waive a redemption payment with respect to any Security, provided that such redemption is made at the Company’s option. Section 9.4. Compliance with Trust Indenture Act . Every amendment to this Indenture or the Securities of one or more Series shall be set forth in a supplemental indenture hereto that complies with the TIA as then in effect. Section 9.5. Revocation and Effect of Consents . Until an amendment is set forth in a supplemental indenture or a waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Security is a continuing consent by the Holder and every subsequent Holder of a Security or portion of a Security that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holder’s Security, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Security. However, any such Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent as to his Security or portion of a Security if the Trustee receives the notice of revocation before the date of the supplemental indenture or the date the waiver becomes effective. 38 Any amendment or waiver once effective shall bind every Holder of each Series affected by such amendment or waiver unless it is of the type described in any of clauses (a) through (h) of Section 9.3. In that case, the amendment or waiver shall bind each Holder of a Security who has consented to it and every subsequent Holder of a Security or portion of a Security that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holder’s Security. The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to give their consent or take any other action described above or required or permitted to be taken pursuant to this Indenture. If a record date is fixed, then notwithstanding the second immediately preceding paragraph, those Persons who were Holders at such record date (or their duly designated proxies), and only those Persons, shall be entitled to give such consent or to revoke any consent previously given or take any such action, whether or not such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date. No such consent shall be valid or effective for more than 120 days after such record date. Section 9.6. Notation on or Exchange of Securities . The Company or the Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, place an appropriate notation about an amendment or waiver on any Security of any Series thereafter authenticated. The Company in exchange for Securities of that Series may issue and the Trustee shall authenticate upon receipt of a Company Order in accordance with Section 2.3 new Securities of that Series that reflect the amendment or waiver. Section 9.7. Trustee Protected . In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive, upon request, an Officer’s Certificate and/or an Opinion of Counsel complying with Sections 10.4 and 10.5 and (subject to Section 7.1) shall be fully protected in relying upon such Officer’s Certificate and/or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee shall sign all supplemental indentures upon delivery of such an Officer’s Certificate or Opinion of Counsel or both, except that the Trustee need not sign any supplemental indenture that adversely affects its rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture. ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS Section 10.1. Trust Indenture Act Controls . If any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision which is required or deemed to be included in this Indenture by the TIA, such required or deemed provision shall control. 39 Section 10.2. Notices . Any notice or communication by the Company or the Trustee to the other, or by a Holder to the Company or the Trustee, is duly given if in writing and delivered in person or mailed by first-class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), email or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to the others’ address: if to the Company: Vectron Systems 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 Attention: Harry A. Wolin Telephone: (702) 555-4000 with a copy to: Latham & Watkins LLP 140 Scott Drive Menlo Park, California 94025 Attention: Tad J. Freese and Brian D. Paulson Telephone: (650) 328-4600 if to the Trustee: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association Global Corporate Trust 1 California Street, Suite 1000 San Francisco, California 94111 Attention: David A. Jason Telephone: (415) 677-3622 The Company or the Trustee by notice to the other may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications. Any notice or communication to a Holder shall be sent electronically or by first-class mail or overnight air courier to his, her or its address shown on the register kept by the Registrar, in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary. Failure to send a notice or communication to a Holder of any Series or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders of that or any other Series. If a notice or communication is sent or published in the manner provided above, within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the Holder receives it. If the Company sends a notice or communication to Holders, it shall send a copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time. The Trustee shall not have any duty to confirm that the person sending any notice, instruction or other communication by electronic transmission (including by e-mail, facsimile transmission, web portal or other electronic methods) is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. Electronic signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other 40 applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature provider acceptable to the Trustee) shall be deemed original signatures for all purposes. The Company assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and electronic methods to send communications to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized communication, and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Security, where this Indenture or any Security provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption) to a Holder of a Global Security (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given to the Depositary for such Security (or its designee) pursuant to the customary procedures of such Depositary. Section 10.3. Communication by Holders with Other Holders . Holders of any Series may communicate pursuant to TIA § 312(b) with other Holders of that Series or any other Series with respect to their rights under this Indenture or the Securities of that Series or all Series. The Company, the Trustee, the Registrar and anyone else shall have the protection of TIA § 312(c). Section 10.4. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent . Upon any request or application by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee: (a) an Officer’s Certificate stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with; and (b) an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent have been complied with. Section 10.5. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion . Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than a certificate provided pursuant to TIA § 314(a)(4)) shall comply with the provisions of TIA § 314(e) and shall include: (a) a statement that the person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition; (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based; (c) a statement that, in the opinion of such person, such person has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable such person to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and 41 (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such person, such condition or covenant has been complied with. Section 10.6. Rules by Trustee and Agents . The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or a meeting of Holders of one or more Series. Any Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions. Section 10.7. Legal Holidays . If a payment date for any payment made under this Indenture is not a Business Day, payment may be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest shall accrue for the intervening period. Section 10.8. No Recourse Against Others . A director, officer, employee or stockholder (past or present), as such, of the Company shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Securities or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Security waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Securities. Section 10.9. Counterparts . This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or electronic format (e.g., “.pdf” or “.tif”) transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or electronic format (e.g., “.pdf” or “.tif”) shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. Unless otherwise provided herein or in any other Securities, the words “execute”, “execution”, “signed” and “signature” and words of similar import used in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Indenture, any Securities or any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including amendments, waivers, consents and other modifications) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures and the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature in ink or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as applicable, to the fullest extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 42 Section 10.10. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction . THIS INDENTURE AND THE SECURITIES, INCLUDING ANY CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE OR THE SECURITIES, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND THE HOLDERS (BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE OF THE SECURITIES) EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Indenture or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the City of New York (collectively, the “ Specified Courts ”), and each party irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the extent allowed under any applicable statute or rule of court) to such party’s address set forth above shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The Company, the Trustee and the Holders (by their acceptance of the Securities) each hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim any such suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Section 10.11. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements . This Indenture may not be used to interpret another indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company. Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture. Section 10.12. Successors . All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and the Securities shall bind its successor. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successor. Section 10.13. Severability . In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Securities shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Section 10.14. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc . The Table of Contents, Cross Reference Table, headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 43 Section 10.15. Securities in a Foreign Currency . Unless otherwise specified in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Indenture with respect to a particular Series of Securities, whenever for purposes of this Indenture any action may be taken by the Holders of a specified percentage in aggregate principal amount of Securities of all Series or all Series affected by a particular action at the time outstanding and, at such time, there are outstanding Securities of any Series which are denominated in more than one currency, then the principal amount of Securities of such Series which shall be deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of taking such action shall be determined by converting any such other currency into a currency that is designated upon issuance of any particular Series of Securities. Unless otherwise specified in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officer’s Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Indenture with respect to a particular Series of Securities, such conversion shall be at the spot rate for the purchase of the designated currency as published in The Financial Times in the “Currency Rates” section (or, if The Financial Times is no longer published, or if such information is no longer available in The Financial Times, such source as may be selected in good faith by the Company) on any date of determination. The provisions of this paragraph shall apply in determining the equivalent principal amount in respect of Securities of a Series denominated in currency other than Dollars in connection with any action taken by Holders of Securities pursuant to the terms of this Indenture. All decisions and determinations provided for in the preceding paragraph shall, in the absence of manifest error, to the extent permitted by law, be conclusive for all purposes and irrevocably binding upon the Trustee and all Holders. Section 10.16. Judgment Currency . The Company agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, that (a) if for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert the sum due in respect of the principal of or interest or other amount on the Securities of any Series (the “ Required Currency ”) into a currency in which a judgment will be rendered (the “ Judgment Currency ”), the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Trustee could purchase in the City of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency on the day on which final unappealable judgment is entered, unless such day is not a New York Banking Day, then the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Trustee could purchase in the City of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency on the New York Banking Day preceding the day on which final unappealable judgment is entered and (b) its obligations under this Indenture to make payments in the Required Currency (i) shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender, any recovery pursuant to any judgment (whether or not entered in accordance with subsection (a)), in any currency other than the Required Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery shall result in the actual receipt, by the payee, of the full amount of the Required Currency expressed to be payable in respect of such payments, (ii) shall be enforceable as an alternative or additional cause of action for the purpose of recovering in the Required Currency 44 the amount, if any, by which such actual receipt shall fall short of the full amount of the Required Currency so expressed to be payable, and (iii) shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other sum due under this Indenture. For purposes of the foregoing, “ New York Banking Day ” means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday in the City of New York on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. Section 10.17. Force Majeure . In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes, pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services, it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable best efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. Section 10.18. U.S.A. Patriot Act . The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Trustee is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. Patriot Act. ARTICLE XI. SINKING FUNDS Section 11.1. Applicability of Article . The provisions of this Article shall be applicable to any sinking fund for the retirement of the Securities of a Series if so provided by the terms of such Securities pursuant to Section 2.2, except as otherwise permitted or required by any form of Security of such Series issued pursuant to this Indenture. The minimum amount of any sinking fund payment provided for by the terms of the Securities of any Series is herein referred to as a “ mandatory sinking fund payment ” and any other amount provided for by the terms of Securities of such Series is herein referred to as an “ optional sinking fund payment .” If provided for by the terms of Securities of any Series, the cash amount of any sinking fund payment may be subject to reduction as provided in Section 11.2. Each sinking fund payment shall be applied to the redemption of Securities of any Series as provided for by the terms of the Securities of such Series. 45 Section 11.2. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities . The Company may, in satisfaction of all or any part of any sinking fund payment with respect to the Securities of any Series to be made pursuant to the terms of such Securities (1) deliver outstanding Securities of such Series to which such sinking fund payment is applicable (other than any of such Securities previously called for mandatory sinking fund redemption) and (2) apply as credit Securities of such Series to which such sinking fund payment is applicable and which have been repurchased by the Company or redeemed either at the election of the Company pursuant to the terms of such Series of Securities (except pursuant to any mandatory sinking fund) or through the application of permitted optional sinking fund payments or other optional redemptions pursuant to the terms of such Securities, provided that such Securities have not been previously so credited. Such Securities shall be received by the Trustee, together with an Officer’s Certificate with respect thereto, not later than 15 days prior to the date on which the Trustee begins the process of selecting Securities for redemption and shall be credited for such purpose by the Trustee at the price specified in such Securities for redemption through operation of the sinking fund and the amount of such sinking fund payment shall be reduced accordingly. If as a result of the delivery or credit of Securities in lieu of cash payments pursuant to this Section 11.2, the principal amount of Securities of such Series to be redeemed in order to exhaust the aforesaid cash payment shall be less than $100,000, the Trustee need not call Securities of such Series for redemption, except upon receipt of a Company Order that such action be taken, and such cash payment shall be held by the Trustee or a Paying Agent and applied to the next succeeding sinking fund payment, provided , however , that the Trustee or such Paying Agent shall from time to time upon receipt of a Company Order pay over and deliver to the Company any cash payment so being held by the Trustee or such Paying Agent upon delivery by the Company to the Trustee of Securities of that Series purchased by the Company having an unpaid principal amount equal to the cash payment required to be released to the Company. Section 11.3. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund . Not less than 45 days (unless otherwise indicated in the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officer’s Certificate in respect of a particular Series of Securities) prior to each sinking fund payment date for any Series of Securities, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate specifying the amount of the next ensuing mandatory sinking fund payment for that Series pursuant to the terms of that Series, the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by payment of cash and the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by delivering and crediting of Securities of that Series pursuant to Section 11.2, and the optional amount, if any, to be added in cash to the next ensuing mandatory sinking fund payment, and the Company shall thereupon be obligated to pay the amount therein specified. Not less than 30 days (unless otherwise indicated in the Board Resolution, Officer’s Certificate or supplemental indenture in respect of a particular Series of Securities) before each such sinking fund payment date the Securities to be redeemed upon such sinking fund payment date will be selected in the manner specified in Section 3.2, and the Company shall send or cause to be sent a notice of the redemption thereof to be given in the name of and at the expense of the Company in the manner provided in and in accordance with Section 3.3. Such notice having been duly given, the redemption of such Securities shall be made upon the terms and in the manner stated in Sections 3.4, 3.5 and 3.6. 46 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. Vectron Systems By: /s/ Richard Park Name: Richard Park Its: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee By: /s/ David Jason Name: David Jason Its: Vice President
EX-4.2 Exhibit 4.2 Vectron Systems FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of June 9, 2022 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association Trustee First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 9, 2022 (the “ Supplemental Indenture ”) between Vectron Systems, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”). RECITALS A. The Company and the Trustee are parties to an Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2022 (the “ Base Indenture ”), which provides for the issuance by the Company from time to time of debt securities in one or more Series. The Base Indenture, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Indenture, is herein referred to as the “ Indenture .” Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Base Indenture. B. The Company has authorized the issuance of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.924% Senior Notes due 2032 (the “ 2032 Notes ”) and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 (the “ 2052 Notes ”, together with the 2032 Notes, the “ Notes ”). C. The Company desires to enter into this Supplemental Indenture pursuant to Section 9.1(i) of the Base Indenture, without the consent of Holders, to establish the form and terms of the Notes as new Series of Securities as permitted by Sections 2.1 and Section 2.2 of the Base Indenture. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing premises, the Company and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective Holders from time to time of the Notes as follows: ARTICLE I DESIGNATION AND TERMS OF THE SERIES Section 1.1. Terms of the Notes. The 2032 Notes are hereby created and designated a series of Securities under the Base Indenture titled “3.924% Senior Notes due 2032” and the 2052 Notes are hereby created and designated a series of Securities under the Base Indenture titled “4.393% Senior Notes due 2052.” The following terms relate to the Notes: (1) The 2032 Notes shall constitute a separate Series of Securities under the Indenture having the title “3.924% Senior Notes due 2032” and the 2052 Notes shall constitute a separate Series of Securities under the Indenture having the title “4.393% Senior Notes due 2052.” (2) The aggregate principal amount of the 2032 Notes (the “ Initial 2032 Notes ”) that may be initially authenticated and delivered under the Indenture shall be $500,000,000. The aggregate principal amount of the 2052 Notes (the “ Initial 2052 Notes ”) that may be initially authenticated and delivered under the Indenture shall be $500,000,000. The Company may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the Holders or beneficial owners of the 2032 Notes or the 2052 Notes, as the case may be, issue additional 2032 Notes (in any such case “ Additional 2032 Notes ”) or additional 2052 Notes (in any such case “ Additional 2052 Notes ”), as the case may be, having the same priority, interest rate, maturity and/or other terms as the Initial 2032 Notes or Additional 2052 Notes (other than the date of issuance, public offering price and, under certain circumstances, the date from which interest thereon will begin to accrue, the initial Interest Payment Date). Any Additional 2032 Notes or Additional 2052 Notes shall constitute a single series under the Indenture, provided that if such Additional 2032 Notes or Additional 2052 Notes, as the case may be, are not fungible with the Initial 2032 Notes or Initial 2052 Notes, respectively, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the applicable Additional 2032 Notes or Additional 1 2052 Notes will have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. All references to the 2032 Notes shall include the Initial 2032 Notes and any Additional 2032 Notes, unless the context otherwise requires. All references to the 2052 Notes shall include the Initial 2052 Notes and any Additional 2052 Notes, unless the context otherwise requires. The aggregate principal amount of Additional 2032 Notes and the 2052 Notes shall be unlimited. (3) The rate at which the 2032 Notes shall bear interest shall be 3.924% per year and the rate at which the 2052 Notes shall bear interest shall be 4.393% per year. The date from which interest shall accrue on the Notes shall be June 9, 2022, or the most recent applicable Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or provided for. The Interest Payment Dates for the Notes shall be June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning December 1, 2022. Interest shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date to the holders of record at the close of business on May 15 and November 15 prior to each Interest Payment Date (in connection with the Notes, a “ Regular Record Date ”). The basis upon which interest shall be calculated shall be that of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. (4) The 2032 Notes will mature on June 1, 2032, and the 2052 Notes will mature on June 1, 2052, unless redeemed in accordance with Section 1.3 of this Supplemental Indenture or repurchased prior to such Stated Maturity. Payments under the 2032 Notes or the 2052 Notes that are not made when due shall bear interest at the interest rate for such Notes set forth above from the required payment date. (5) The Notes shall be issuable in whole in the form of one or more registered Global Securities, and the Depositary for such Global Securities shall be The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York (“ Depositary” ). The 2032 Notes and 2052 shall be substantially in the forms attached hereto as Exhibit A and Exhibit B , respectively, the terms of which are herein incorporated by reference. (6) The Notes shall be denominated in Dollars and shall be issuable in minimum denominations of $2,000 or any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. (7) The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Company prior to their Stated Maturity, as provided in Section 1.3 of this Supplemental Indenture. (8) The Notes will not have the benefit of any sinking fund. (9) Except as provided herein, the Holders of the Notes shall have no special rights in addition to those provided in the Base Indenture upon the occurrence of any particular events. (10) The Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company. (11) The Notes are not convertible into shares of common stock or other securities of the Company. (12) The restrictive covenants set forth in Section 1.4 of this Supplemental Indenture shall be applicable to the Notes. (13) The Notes are not repayable at the option of the Holders except as provided in Section 1.4.3. (14) The Notes are initially to be issued as Global Securities. (15) The Trustee, Registrar and Paying Agent shall be U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. 2 (16) The Notes will not initially be guaranteed by the Company’s direct or indirect Subsidiaries. The changes, modifications and supplements to the Base Indenture effected by this Supplemental Indenture shall be applicable only with respect to, and govern the terms of, the Notes and shall not apply to any other Series of Securities that may be issued under the Base Indenture unless a supplemental indenture with respect to such other Series of Securities specifically incorporates such changes, modifications and supplements. Section 1.2. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Base Indenture. As used herein, the following additional defined terms shall have the following meanings with respect to the Notes only: “ Applicable Par Call Date ” means, in the case of the 2032 Notes, March 1, 2032, and in the case of the 2052 Notes, December 1, 2051. “ Attributable Debt ” with regard to a sale and lease-back transaction of Principal Property means the lesser of: (1) the fair market value of such Principal Property as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors; or (2) discounted present value (discounted at a rate per annum equal to the average interest borne by all outstanding debt securities issued under the Indenture (which may include debt securities in addition to the Notes such as the Existing Notes) determined on a weighted average basis and compounded semi-annually) of all net rentals under the lease. “ Bankruptcy Law ” means Title 11, U.S. Code or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. “ Business Day ” means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law to close in the City of New York, New York (or in connection with any payment, the place of payment). “ Capital Stock ” means (a) in the case of a corporation, capital stock, (b) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock, (c) in the case of a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited), (d) in the case of a limited liability company, membership interests, (e) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person and (f) any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing. “ Change of Control ” means the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets and the assets of the Company’s Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any “person” (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to the Company or one or more of the Company’s direct or indirect Subsidiaries; (2) an event or series of events by which any “person” or “group” (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of 3 such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that a “person” or “group” shall be deemed to have “beneficial ownership” of all Capital Stock that such “person” or “group” has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an “option right”)), directly or indirectly, of more than fifty percent (50%) of the Company’s Capital Stock entitled to vote in the election of members of the Board of Directors (or equivalent governing body); provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially, (A) any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or any of such person’s affiliates until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange thereunder, or (B) any securities if such beneficial ownership (i) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, and (ii) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act; (3) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Company’s outstanding Voting Stock or the outstanding Voting Stock of such other Person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Company’s Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving Person or any direct or indirect parent company of any surviving Person immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or (4) the adoption by the Board of Directors or the Company’s stockholders of a plan relating to the Company’s liquidation or dissolution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to involve a Change of Control if (i) the Company becomes a direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of a holding company and (ii)(A) the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction, in the aggregate, are substantially the same and in substantially the same proportion as the holders of the Company’s Voting Stock, in the aggregate, immediately prior to that transaction or (B) immediately following that transaction no “person” (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than a holding company satisfying the requirements of clause (i) above) becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of a majority of total voting power of the Voting Stock of such holding company. “ Change of Control Offer ” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4.3(a) of this Supplemental Indenture. “ Change of Control Payment ” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4.3(a) of this Supplemental Indenture. “ Change of Control Payment Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4.3(a) of this Supplemental Indenture. “ Change of Control Triggering Event ” means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Rating Event. “ Company Order ” means a written order signed in the name of the Company by an Officer and delivered to the Trustee. “ Consolidated Net Tangible Assets ” means, at any date on which the Company effects a transaction requiring such Consolidated Net Tangible Assets to be measured hereunder, the total assets (less applicable reserves) appearing on the Company’s most recent consolidated balance sheet, prepared in accordance with GAAP, after deducting: (1) total current liabilities, excluding notes and loans payable, current maturities of long-term indebtedness, and current maturities of capital leases; and (2) intangible assets, to the extent included in total assets. 4 When calculating the amount of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets and the application of such term under the Indenture’s covenants in connection with any financing, acquisition, disposition, or other transaction, including any sale and lease-back transaction, or the closing of a revolving credit facility (each, a “Limited Condition Transaction”), in each case, at the option of the Company (the Company’s election to exercise such option, an “LCT Election”), the date of determination of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets and whether any such Limited Condition Transaction is permitted under the Indenture shall be deemed to be the date (the “LCT Test Date”) either (a) the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is entered into, or (b) solely in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers applies, the date on which a “Rule 2.7 announcement” of a firm intention to make an offer (or equivalent announcement in another jurisdiction) (an “LCT Public Offer”) in respect of a target of a Limited Condition Transaction and, in each case, if the Company or its Subsidiaries would have been permitted to consummate such Limited Condition Transaction on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such covenants, such covenants shall be deemed to have been complied with (or satisfied) for all purposes (in the case of Liens, for example, whether the Indebtedness to be secured by such Liens is committed, issued, assumed or incurred at the LCT Test Date or at any time thereafter); and compliance with covenants shall not be determined or tested at any time after the applicable LCT Test Date for such Limited Condition Transaction and any actions or transaction related thereto (including the incurrence, issuance or assumption of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, the incurrence or creation of Liens, and the consummation of a sale and lease-back transaction). “ Credit Facility ” means the credit agreement, dated as of April 29, 2022, by and among Vectron Systems, as borrower, the lenders as referred to therein, as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender and an issuing lender. “ Definitive Security ” means a certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Article II of the Base Indenture. References in the Base Indenture to “definitive Security” or “certificated Security” shall be deemed to refer to “Definitive Security” unless the context otherwise requires. “ Depository” means The Depository Trust Company, a New York Corporation, or any successor. “ Event of Default ”, with respect to the Notes, means any event specified in Section 1.5.1, continued for the period of time, if any, therein designated. “ Existing Notes ” means the Company’s outstanding 2.95% senior notes due 2024. 2.375% senior notes due 2030, 7.50% senior notes due 2022 and 2.125% senior notes due 2026. “ GAAP ” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time, including without limitation, those set forth in the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession. “ Governmental Authority ” means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 5 “ Indebtedness ” means, with respect to any Person at any date and without duplication, any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money or that is evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments. “ Intellectual Property ” means, collectively, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, all rights, priorities and privileges relating to owned intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including (a) copyrights, patents, patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, know-how and all rights thereunder or in respect thereof, (b) all income, royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable under any of the foregoing or with respect to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, damages or payments for past, present and future infringements of any of the foregoing and (c) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing, excluding in each case of clauses (a), (b) and (c), any such rights, priorities or privileges arising from licenses of intellectual property to or from the Company to its Subsidiaries. “ Interest Payment Date ”, with respect to any Security, means the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such Security. “ Investment Grade ” means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody’s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P (or the equivalent ratings from any other relevant Rating Agency). “ Lien ” means a mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien, charge or other encumbrance of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any agreement to give any security interest), other than any operating leases. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moody’s Corporation, and its successors. “ Permitted Reinvested Attributable Debt ” means any Attributable Debt arising from a sale and lease-back transaction with respect to which the net proceeds from the sale are applied in accordance with the first paragraph of Section 1.4.2 of this Supplemental Indenture. “ Person ” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. “ Principal Property ” means the land, improvements, buildings, fixtures and equipment (including any leasehold interest therein) owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary located in the United States that constitutes the Company’s principal corporate office, any manufacturing plant or any manufacturing facility and that has a gross book value (including related land, machinery and equipment without deduction of any depreciation reserves) of not less than 1.00% of the Company’s Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the determination date. Principal Property does not include any Property that the Board of Directors or any committee thereof has determined in good faith not to be of material importance to the business conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. “ Property ” means any property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or intangible, including shares of capital stock. “ Rating Agency ” means Moody’s and S&P (or, if either such entity ceases to rate a series of Notes for reasons outside of the Company’s control, any other “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act selected by the Company as a Substitute Rating Agency). 6 “ Rating Event ” means that the applicable series of Notes ceases to be rated Investment Grade by both Rating Agencies on any day during the period (the “Trigger Period”) commencing on the earlier of (a) the first public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or (b) the public announcement by the Company of the Company’s intention to effect a Change of Control, and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the applicable series of Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible rating downgrade by either of the Rating Agencies on such 60th day, such extension to last with respect to each such Rating Agency until the date on which such Rating Agency considering such possible downgrade either (x) rates such Notes below Investment Grade or (y) publicly announces that it is no longer considering such Notes for possible downgrade, provided that no such extension will occur if on such 60th day such Notes are rated Investment Grade by at least one of such Rating Agencies in question and are not subject to review for possible downgrade by such Rating Agency). If either Rating Agency is not providing a rating of that series of Notes on any day during the Trigger Period for any reason (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to the Company’s right to engage a Substitute Rating Agency), the rating of such Rating Agency for such series of Notes shall be deemed to have ceased to be Investment Grade during the Trigger Period. “ Redemption Date ” means, when used with respect to any Note to be redeemed, the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant to the Indenture. Such date must be a Business Day. “ Redemption Price ” means, when used with respect to any Note to be redeemed, the price at which it is to be redeemed pursuant to the Indenture. “ Remaining Scheduled Payments ” means, with respect to each Note to be redeemed, the remaining scheduled payments of the principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related Redemption Date but for such redemption, assuming the notes matured on the Applicable Par Call Date; provided , however , that if such Redemption Date is not an Interest Payment Date with respect to such Note, the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment thereon will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued thereon to such Redemption Date. “ Restricted Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary that owns any Principal Property other than (1) any Subsidiary primarily engaged in financing receivables or in the finance business; or (2) any of the Company’s less than 80%-owned Subsidiaries if the common stock of such Subsidiary is traded on any national securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market or on the over-the-counter markets. “ S&P ” means Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. or any successor to the rating agency business thereof. “Secured Debt” means any of the Company’s Indebtedness or any Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case secured by a Lien on either any Principal Property or on the stock of a Restricted Subsidiary. Secured Debt does not include Indebtedness secured by: (1) Liens on Property existing at the time of acquisition of the Property by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether or not assumed; (2) Liens on Property of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary provided that such Liens were not incurred in anticipation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary and do not extend to any other Property of the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary (other than Property or the stock of direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Restricted Subsidiary so acquired, any additions, accessions, parts, improvements and attachments thereto, and the products and proceeds of such Property); 7 (3) Liens to secure payment of all or any part of the cost of acquisition, construction, development or improvement of any Property, or to secure any Indebtedness to finance such cost of acquisition, construction, development or improvement that is incurred within 24 months after the later of (i) the completion of the acquisition, construction, development or improvement thereof, and (ii) the placing in operation of such Property or of such Property as so constructed, developed or improved; (4) Liens to secure Indebtedness owing to the Company or to a Restricted Subsidiary; (5) Liens existing at the date of this Supplemental Indenture; (6) Liens on Property of an entity existing at the time such entity is merged or consolidated with the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary provided that such Liens were not incurred in anticipation of such merger or consolidation and do not extend to any Property of the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary (other than that of the Person merged into or consolidated with the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, its direct or indirect subsidiaries, any additions, accessions, parts, improvements and attachments thereto, and the products and proceeds of such Property); (7) Liens on Property of an entity at the time of a sale or lease of the Property of such entity as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary provided that such Liens were not incurred in anticipation of such sale or lease and do not extend to any other Property (other than any additions, accessions, parts, improvements and attachments thereto, and the products and proceeds of the Property so acquired); (8) Liens incurred to finance the acquisition or construction of Property secured by Liens in favor of the United States or a political subdivision of the United States; (9) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies not yet due or payable or not overdue for a period of more than the greater of 60 days or the period of grace, if any, related thereto, or that are being contested by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, and for which the Company maintains adequate reserves to the extent required by GAAP; (10) Liens incurred in connection with an asset acquisition or a project financed with a non-recourse obligation; (11) Liens in favor of materialmen, mechanics, carriers, warehousemen, processors, workmen or repairmen, landlord’s Liens for rent or lease obligations or other similar Liens arising, in each case, in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations which are not overdue or which are being contested by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in good faith and by appropriate proceedings; (12) Liens consisting of zoning restrictions, licenses, easements and restrictions of record or other similar encumbrances on the use of real property and minor irregularities, which do not, in any case, materially detract from the value of such property or materially impair the use thereof in the ordinary conduct of business; 8 (13) Liens arising by reason of deposits with, or giving any form of security to, any governmental agency or any body created or approved by law or government regulation; (14) Liens created by or resulting from any litigation or other proceeding that is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, including Liens arising out of judgments or awards against the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is in good faith prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review for which the time to make an appeal has not yet expired, and Liens relating to final unappealable judgments that are satisfied within 60 days of the date of judgment or Liens incurred by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary for the purposes of obtaining a stay or discharge in the course of any litigation proceeding to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party; (15) Liens of suppliers (including sellers of goods) or customers arising in the ordinary course of business to the extent limited to the property or assets relating to such contract; (16) Liens (i) on receivables from customers sold or transferred to third parties (a) pursuant to credit arrangements in the ordinary course of business or (b) for which the Company and its Subsidiaries receive adequate consideration therefor and (ii) on notes or accounts receivable sold or transferred in a transaction which constitutes a true sale under GAAP; (17) to the extent constituting Liens, any option or other agreement to purchase any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (18) (i) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses (including non-exclusive licenses and sublicenses of intellectual property rights) granted to others which do not (A) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries or materially detract from the value of the relevant assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries or (B) secure any Indebtedness and (ii) any interest or title of a licensor, sub-licensor, lessor or sub-lessor under leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses entered into by any of the Company and its Subsidiaries as licensee, sub-licensee, lessee or sub-lessee in the ordinary course of business or any customary restriction or encumbrance with respect to the property subject to any such lease, license, sublease or sublicense; (19) reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits to the extent required by applicable law; provided that any obligation secured by any deposit permitted under this clause (19) shall have been incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; (20) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits or escrow arrangements made by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase or merger agreement for any acquisition; (21) (i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure the payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds thereof of any Person securing such Person’s obligations in respect of bankers’ acceptances or letters of credit issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course of business; 9 (22) Liens on cash or cash equivalents used to defease or to satisfy and discharge Indebtedness; (23) Liens on any Intellectual Property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries; (24) Liens relating to hedging and similar arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business, including without limitation interest rate or foreign currency hedging arrangements; (25) Liens incurred or deposits or pledges made by the Company or the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business in connection with, or to secure payment of, obligations under workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security or similar legislation, or to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, bids, trade contracts, leases, government contracts, surety bonds (other than bonds related to judgments or litigation), performance and return-of-money bonds or other similar obligations; (26) Liens arising by virtue of deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability for premiums to insurance carriers so long as such Liens are for amounts not yet due and payable or delinquent or, to the extent such amounts are so due and payable, such amounts are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP; (27) Liens on property incurred in permitted sale and lease-back transactions permitted under Section 1.4.2.; (28) Liens of issuers or nominated persons arising under Section 5-118 of the UCC on documents presented under letters of credit; (29) (i) Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-210 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction, (ii) Liens of any depositary bank in connection with statutory, common law and contractual rights of setoff and recoupment with respect to any deposit account of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof and (iii) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of any assets or property in the ordinary course of business; provided that in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness; (30) (i) Liens on equity interests of joint ventures securing capital contributions thereto and (ii) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non-wholly-owned Subsidiaries; (31) Liens on the equity interests or Property of non-U.S. subsidiaries to secure indebtedness or other obligations of non-U.S. subsidiaries; (32) Liens to secure amounts paid in respect of premiums, fees or other costs associated with any extension, renewal, amendment or replacement of Secured Debt, so long as the Property encumbered by any such Lien is the same as or substantially similar in nature to the Property encumbered by such Secured Debt being amended, extended, renewed or replaced; or (33) Liens constituting any extension, renewal, amendment or replacement of any Liens listed above to the extent the principal amount of the indebtedness secured by such Lien is not increased (except to the extent of any premiums, fees or other costs associated with any such extension, renewal, amendment or replacement) and the Property encumbered by any such Lien is the same as or substantially similar in nature to the Property encumbered by the Lien being extended, renewed or replaced. 10 “ Securities Act ” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. “ Subsidiary ” means as to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Capital Stock having ordinary voting power (other than Capital Stock having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency that has not occurred) to elect a majority of the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) or other managers of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity is at the time owned by (directly or indirectly) or the management is otherwise controlled by (directly or indirectly) such Person (irrespective of whether, at the time, Capital Stock of any other class or classes of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency). Unless otherwise qualified, references to “Subsidiary” or “Subsidiaries” herein shall refer to those of the Company. “ Substitute Rating Agency ” means a “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act, selected by the Company as a replacement agency for Moody’s or S&P or another Rating Agency, in each case, that provides a rating of the applicable series of Notes. “ UCC ” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York. “ Voting Stock ” of any specified Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such Person. Section 1.3. Optional Redemption. (a) Prior to (i) in the case of the 2032 Notes, March 1, 2032 (three months prior to their Stated Maturity) and (ii) in the case of the 2052 Notes, December 1, 2051 (six months prior to their Stated Maturity) (the applicable date with respect to each such series of Notes, the “Applicable Par Call Date”), the Company may redeem such Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the Remaining Scheduled Payments of principal and interest thereon of the 2032 Notes or 2052 Notes to be redeemed (assuming the notes matured on the Applicable Par Call Date) discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus (x) in the case of the 2032 Notes, 15 basis points, or (y) in the case of the 2052 Notes, 20 basis points, in each case less (b) interest accrued and unpaid to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date. 11 On or after the Applicable Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2032 Notes or the 2052 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. “Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield applicable to such series of Notes determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. The Treasury Rate applicable to a series of Notes shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the applicable Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as “Selected Interest Rates (Daily)—H.15” (or any successor designation or publication) (“H.15”) under the caption “U.S. government securities–Treasury constant maturities–Nominal” (or any successor caption or heading). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the applicable Redemption Date to the Applicable Par Call Date (the “Remaining Life”); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields – one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life – and shall interpolate to the Applicable Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the applicable Redemption Date. If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Applicable Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Applicable Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Applicable Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Applicable Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Applicable Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Applicable Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Applicable Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. The Company’s actions and determinations in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 12 Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositary’s procedures) at least 15 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed. In the event of a redemption pursuant to Article VIII of the Base Indenture, the term “Treasury Rate” shall be deemed replaced with the term “Determination Treasury Rate.” “Determination Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the date on which such notes are defeased or discharged (the “determination date”), in each case, based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as “Selected Interest Rates (Daily)—H.15” (or any successor designation or publication) (“H.15”) under the caption “U.S. government securities–Treasury constant maturities–Nominal” (or any successor caption or heading). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the applicable determination date to the Applicable Par Call Date (the “Remaining Life”); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields – one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life – and shall interpolate to the Applicable Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the applicable determination date. If on the third Business Day preceding the applicable determination date H.15 or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such determination date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Applicable Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Applicable Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Applicable Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Applicable Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Applicable Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Applicable Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Applicable Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 13 In the case of a partial redemption of a series of Notes, selection of the Notes of such series for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair, unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange requirements, subject, in the case of Global Securities, to the applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Note will state the portion of the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Note will be issued in the name of the Holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes of a series are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of such Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the applicable Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption Date interest will cease to accrue on the notes or portions thereof called for redemption. 1.3.2. At any time, the Company may repurchase Notes in the open market, by private agreement or otherwise and may hold such Notes or surrender such Notes to the Trustee for cancellation pursuant to Section 2.12 of the Base Indenture. Section 1.4. Additional Covenants. The following additional covenants shall apply with respect to the Notes so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding: 1.4.1. Limitation on Liens. The Company will not (nor will the Company permit any Restricted Subsidiary to) issue, incur, create, assume or guarantee any Secured Debt without securing the Notes equally and ratably with or prior to that Secured Debt unless the total amount of all Secured Debt and Attributable Debt (other than Permitted Reinvested Attributable Debt) with which the Notes are not at least equally and ratably secured would not exceed the greater of (i) $1.25 billion and (ii) 25% of the Company’s Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. The foregoing restriction shall not prohibit any extension, renewal, amendment or replacement of any such Secured Debt or Attributable Debt to the extent the principal amount of the Secured Debt and Attributable Debt (other than Permitted Reinvested Attributable Debt) secured by such Lien is not increased (except to the extent of any premiums, fees or other costs associated with any such extension, renewal, amendment or replacement). 1.4.2. Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. Subject to the following paragraph of this Section 1.4.2, the Company will not (nor will the Company permit any Restricted Subsidiary to) enter into any lease with a term longer than three years covering any of the Company’s or any Restricted Subsidiary’s Principal Property that is sold to any other Person in connection with that lease unless an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale is applied within 270 days of such sale to the retirement of the Company’s or any Restricted Subsidiary’s debt that is at least pari passu in right of payment with the Notes (including, for avoidance of doubt, the Notes, the Existing Notes and, if the Company has any future borrowings thereunder, the Credit Facility) or the purchase or development of Principal Property. However, the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into a sale and lease-back transaction with respect to Principal Property without being required to apply the net proceeds as required by the foregoing paragraph if the sum of the following amounts would not exceed the greater of (i) $1.25 billion and (ii) 25% of the Company’s Consolidated Net Tangible Assets: (a) the Attributable Debt (other than Permitted Reinvested Attributable Debt) with respect to all such sale and lease-back transactions entered into after the date of initial issuance of the Notes; and 14 (b) the total amount of Secured Debt. Furthermore, the foregoing restriction does not apply to any sale and lease-back transaction (i) for a term of not more than three years including renewals; or (ii) between the Company and a Subsidiary or between Subsidiaries, provided that the lessor is a wholly-owned Subsidiary. 1.4.3. Purchase of Notes Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. (a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to a series of Notes, unless the Company has given notice to redeem such series of Notes as described above under Section 1.3, and except as set forth in Section 1.4.3(c), each Holder of Notes of such series will have the right to require that the Company purchase all or a portion (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of such Holder’s Notes of such series pursuant to the offer described below (the “ Change of Control Offer ”), at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of purchase (the “ Change of Control Payment ”), subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date of such series. Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event occurred with respect to a series of Notes or, at the Company’s option, prior to any Change of Control but after public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, the Company must send a notice to each Holder of Notes of such series, with a copy to the Trustee, which notice shall govern the terms of the Change of Control Offer. Such notice shall state, among other things, the purchase date, which must be no earlier than 10 days nor later than 60 days from the date of such notice or, if the notice is delivered prior to the Change of Control, no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60 days from the date on which the Change of Control Triggering Event occurs, other than as may be required by law (the “ Change of Control Payment Date ”). The notice will, if sent prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control Triggering Event occurring on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date. Holders of Definitive Securities electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender the Notes, with the form entitled “Option of Holder to Elect Purchase” on the reverse of the Note completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice, and Holders of Global Securities must transfer their Notes to the Paying Agent by book-entry transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of the Paying Agent, prior to the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date. (b) On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: (i) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; and (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes so accepted for payment. (c) The Company will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner and at the times required and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for such an offer made by the Company, and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. 15 (d) The Company will comply with any applicable requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other applicable requirements of securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent such laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations are applicable and conflict with this Section 1.4.3, the Company will comply with those securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 1.4.3 by virtue of any such conflict. 1.4.4. SEC Reports. Unless otherwise indicated for a particular Series of Securities by a Board Resolution, supplemental indenture or Officer’s Certificate pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Base Indenture, the Company agrees to deliver to the Trustee and Holders, within 15 days after it files the same with the SEC, copies of the annual reports and of the information, documents, and other reports, if any, that it is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or pursuant to TIA § 314. All required information, documents and other reports referred to in this Section 1.4.5 shall be deemed delivered to the Trustee and Holders at the time such information, documents and other reports are publicly filed with the SEC, provided, however, that the Trustee shall have no obligation whatsoever to determine whether or not such information, documents or reports have been so filed. Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustee’s receipt of such shall not constitute actual or constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company’s compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer’s Certificates). Section 1.5. Defaults and Remedies. 1.5.1. Events of Default. Section 6.1 Events of Default of the Base Indenture is replaced, solely with respect to the Notes, in its entirety by the below: “Each of the following is an “Event of Default” with respect to each series of Notes: (a) Default in the payment of principal of or premium, if any, on any such series of Notes when due at its Maturity, including upon optional redemption or upon required repurchase; (b) Default in the payment of interest on any such series of Notes when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such Default for 30 days (unless the entire amount of such Defaulted Interest (including applicable interest on such payment) is deposited by the Company with the Trustee or with a paying agent prior to the expiration of such 30-day period); (c) Failure to make a Change of Control Payment when due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; 16 (d) Default in the performance or breach of any other covenant by the Company in the Indenture (other than a covenant that has been included in the Indenture for the solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than the Notes), which default continues uncured for a period of 90 days after receipt by the Company, by registered or certified mail, written notice from the trustee or the Company and the Trustee receive, by registered or certified mail, written notice from the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding series of such Notes then outstanding (with a copy to the Trustee, if such notice is given by such Holders), which notice must specify the Default, demand that it be remedied and state that such notice is a “Notice of Default”; (e) the Company, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law: (i) commences a voluntary case; (ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case; (iii) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property; or (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (v) or takes any comparable action under any foreign laws relating to insolvency; (f) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: (i) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case; (ii) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property; or (iii) orders the winding up or liquidation of the Company; or any similar relief is granted under any foreign laws and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days. The term “Custodian” any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, custodian or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. The Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after the occurrence thereof, written notice in the form of an Officer’s Certificate of any event which with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default, its status and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto. For purposes of the Indenture, references in the Base Indenture to Section 6.1(d) or Section 6.1(e) shall be deemed to refer to Section 6.1(e) or (f), respective as set forth in this Section.” Section 1.6. Transfer and Exchange of Global Securities. The first sentence of Section 2.14.2 of the Base Indenture is amended and restated as follows: “Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary contained in Section 2.7 of the Indenture and in addition thereto, any Global Security shall be exchangeable pursuant to Section 2.7 of the Indenture for Securities registered in the names of Holders other than the Depositary for such Security or its nominee only if (i) (x) such Depositary notifies the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Security or (y) such Depositary ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, and, in either case, the Company fails to appoint a successor Depositary 17 registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act within 90 days of such event, (ii) the Company, at its option, notifies the Trustee in writing that such Global Security shall be so exchangeable or (iii) upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to the Series of Securities represented by such Global Security.” ARTICLE II DEFEASANCE Section 2.1. Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance . Article Eight of the Base Indenture shall be applicable to the Notes. For purposes of Article Eight of the Base Indenture, solely for purposes of the Notes, if the Company exercises its right of Covenant Defeasance pursuant to Section 8.4 of the Base Indenture, in addition to being released from its obligations under the provisions of the Base Indenture set forth in Section 8.4, the Company also shall be released from its obligations under Section 1.4 of this Supplemental Indenture and from Article V of the Base Indenture. Section 2.2. Repayment to the Company. Section 8.5 of the Base Indenture shall be replaced, solely with respect to the Notes, in its entirety with the below: Any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Security and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal, and premium, if any, or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on its request or, if then held by the Company, shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Security shall thereafter look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease. Article III MISCELLANEOUS Section 3.1. Confirmation of Indenture. The Base Indenture, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Base Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto with respect to the Notes shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. Section 3.2. Governing Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE SECURITIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 18 Section 3.3. Severability. If any provision in this Supplemental Indenture is deemed unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision set forth herein, or of the Indenture as a whole. Section 3.4. Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. One signed copy of the Supplemental Indenture is enough to prove this Supplemental Indenture. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, electronic or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Electronic signatures complying with the New York Electronic Signatures and Records Act (N.Y. State Tech. §§ 301-309), as amended from time to time, or other applicable law will be deemed original signatures for purposes of this Supplemental Indenture. The Company assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and electronic methods to send communications to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized communication, and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties. Section 3.5. No Benefit. Nothing in this Supplemental Indenture, express or implied, shall give to any Person other than the parties hereto and their successors or assigns, and the Holders of the Notes, any benefit or legal or equitable rights, remedy or claim under this Supplemental Indenture or the Base Indenture. Section 3.6. Electronic Transactions . The parties hereto agree that the transactions described herein may be conducted and related documents may be stored by electronic means. Copies, telecopies, facsimiles, electronic files and other reproductions of original executed documents shall be deemed to be authentic and valid counterparts of such original documents for all purposes, including the filing of any claim, action or suit in the appropriate court of law. Section 3.7. Trustee Disclaimer . The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture other than as to the validity of its execution and delivery by the Trustee. The recitals and statements herein are deemed to be those of the Company and not the Trustee. [ Signature Pages Follow ] 19 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed all as of the day and year first above written. Vectron Systems By: /s/ Richard Park Name: Richard Park Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Trustee By: /s/ David Jason Name: David Jason Title: Vice President [Signature Page to Supplemental Indenture] Exhibit A [FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY] [Global Securities Legend] THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“ DTC ”), NEW YORK, NEW YORK OR A NOMINEE OF DTC, WHICH MAY BE TREATED BY THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF AS OWNER AND HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY FOR ALL PURPOSES. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. A-1 3.924% Senior Notes due 2032 CUSIP: 007903 BF3 ISIN: US007903BF39 No. [ ] $[ ] Vectron Systems promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns, the principal sum: $[ ] ([ ] MILLION DOLLARS AND NO CENTS), as such amount may be increased or decreased as set forth in the Schedule of Increase or Decrease in Principal Amount of Global Security attached hereto, on June 9, 2032. Interest Payment Dates: June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on December 1, 2022. Record Dates: May 15 and November 15 next preceding the applicable interest payment date. Additional provisions of this Security are set forth on the other side of this Security. [ Signature Pages Follow ] A-2 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this instrument to be duly executed. Vectron Systems By Name: Title: A-3 TRUSTEE’S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION This is one of the Securities of the Series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. Date of authentication: U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By Authorized Signatory A-4 [FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] Vectron Systems 3.924% Senior Notes due 2032 1. Indenture This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of Securities of the Company, designated as its 3.924% Senior Notes due 2032 (herein called the “Securities”), issued and to be issued under an indenture, dated as of June 9, 2022 (the “Base Indenture”), between Vectron Systems, a Delaware corporation (such company, and its successors and assigns under the Indenture hereinafter referred to, being herein called the “Company”), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2022 (the “Supplemental Indenture” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”) between the Company and the Trustee, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto, Board Resolutions and Officer’s Certificates relevant to the Securities reference is hereby made for a complete description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Securities. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Security shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. Each Security is subject to, and qualified by, all such terms as set forth in the Indenture, certain of which are summarized herein, and each Holder of a Security is referred to the corresponding provisions of the Indenture for a complete statement of such terms. To the extent that there is any inconsistency between the summary provisions set forth in the Securities and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern. 2. Interest The Company promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Security at the rate per annum shown above. The Company will pay interest semiannually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing December 1, 2022. Interest on the Securities will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from June 9, 2022. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. In the event that an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, then interest shall be paid on the next succeeding Business Day and no interest shall accrue on such payment as the result of such delay. 3. Paying Agent and Registrar Initially, the Trustee will act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Company may appoint and change any Paying Agent, Registrar or co-registrar without notice to Holders. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent, Registrar or co-registrar. 4. Defaults and Remedies; Waiver If an Event of Default with respect to any Securities at the time outstanding (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(e) or (f) of the Base Indenture) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities by notice to the Company in writing (and to the Trustee, if given by Holders of the Securities) specifying the Event of Default, may declare the principal amount of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of acceleration on all the Securities to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration, such amounts shall be due and payable immediately. If an Event of Default specified in A-5 Section 6.01(e) or (f) of the Base Indenture occurs, the principal amount of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of such Event of Default on all the Securities shall become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder of the Securities. 5. Amendment The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment of the Indenture or this Security and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee without notice to any Holder but with the written consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities then outstanding (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Securities) affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities by written notice to the Trustee and the Company to waive an existing Default with respect to the Securities and its consequences except a continuing Default in the payment of the principal amount of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on a Security. A consent to an amendment or a waiver by a Holder of a Security shall bind the Holder and every subsequent Holder of that Security or portion of the Security that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holder’s Security, even if notation of the consent or waiver is not made on the Security. 6. Obligations Absolute No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall amend the contractual obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on this Security at the place, at the respective times, at the rate and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 7. Sinking Fund The Securities will not have the benefit of any sinking fund. 8. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange The Securities are issuable in fully registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. When Securities are presented to the Registrar or a co-registrar with a request to register a transfer or to exchange them for an equal principal amount of Securities, the Registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, without payment of any service charge but, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection with any registration or exchange of Securities. The Company and the Registrar shall not be required (a) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange any Securities for the a period beginning at the opening of business 15 Business immediately preceding the day of the sending of a notice of redemption of Securities selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day such notice is sent, (b) to register the transfer or exchange of Securities selected, called or being called for redemption as a whole or the portion being redeemed of any such Securities selected, called or being called for redemption in part or (c) to register the transfer or exchange of any Securities between a record date and an Interest Payment Date for the Securities. A-6 9. Further Issues The Company may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of the Securities and in accordance with the Indenture, provide for the issuance of additional Securities 10. Optional Redemption The Securities may be redeemed at the Company’s option, upon notice as set forth in the Indenture, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, on the terms set forth in the Indenture. 11. Change of Control Triggering Event Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Securities, subject to certain exceptions, the Company shall be required to offer to purchase each Holder’s Securities on the terms set forth in the Indenture. 12. Persons Deemed Owners The ownership of Securities shall be proved by the register maintained by the Registrar. 13. No Recourse Against Others No shareholder, partner, manager, member, director, officer, employee, agent or incorporator, as such, of any Company shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Securities or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. By accepting a Security, each Holder shall waive and release all such liability. This waiver and release shall be part of the consideration for the issuance of the Securities. 14. Discharge and Defeasance Subject to certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, the Company at any time may terminate some or all of its obligations under the Securities and the Indenture with respect to the Securities if the Company deposits with the Trustee money and/or U.S. Government Obligations for the payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Securities to, but not including, the date of redemption or Maturity, as the case may be. 15. Unclaimed Money Subject to applicable abandoned property law, any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Security and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal, and premium, if any, or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on its request or, if then held by the Company, shall be discharged from such trust. Thereafter the Holder of such Security shall look only to the Company for payment thereof as general conditions unless an abandoned property law designates another Person. 16. Trustee Dealings with the Company Subject to certain limitations imposed by the TIA, the Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Securities and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. Any Paying Agent, Registrar or co-Paying Agent may do the same with like rights. A-7 17. Abbreviations Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as TEN COM (=tenants in common), TEN ENT (=tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (=joint tenants with rights of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (=custodian), and U/G/M/A (=Uniform Gift to Minors Act). 18. CUSIP Numbers Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Securities and has directed the Trustee to use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of redemption and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. A-8 ASSIGNMENT FORM For value received hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto (please insert social security or other identifying number of assignee) the within Security, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints attorney to transfer the said Security on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. Dated : Signature(s) Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an Eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15. Signature Guarantee A-9 INCREASES OR DECREASES IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF GLOBAL SECURITY The initial principal amount of this Global Security is $ . The following increases or decreases in this Global Security have been made: Date of Increase or Decrease Amount of Decrease in Principal Amount of this Global Security Amount of Increase in Principal Amount of this Global Security Remaining Principal Amount of this Global Security Following such Decrease or Increase Signature of Authorized Signatory of Trustee or Custodian A-10 OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 1.4.3 of the Supplemental Indenture, check the box below: ☐ Section 1.4.3 If you want to elect to have only part of the Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 1.4.3 of the Supplemental Indenture, state the amount you elect to have purchased: $_________ Date: Your Signature: (Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note) Tax Identification No: Signature Guarantee: A-11 Exhibit B [FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY] [Global Securities Legend] THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“ DTC ”), NEW YORK, NEW YORK OR A NOMINEE OF DTC, WHICH MAY BE TREATED BY THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF AS OWNER AND HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY FOR ALL PURPOSES. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. A-12 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 CUSIP: 007903 BG1 ISIN: US007903BG12 No. [ ] $[ ] Vectron Systems promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns, the principal sum: $[ ] ([ ] MILLION DOLLARS AND NO CENTS), as such amount may be increased or decreased as set forth in the Schedule of Increase or Decrease in Principal Amount of Global Security attached hereto, on June 9, 2052. Interest Payment Dates: June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on December 1, 2022. Record Dates: May 15 and November 15 next preceding the applicable interest payment date. Additional provisions of this Security are set forth on the other side of this Security. [ Signature Pages Follow ] A-13 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this instrument to be duly executed. Vectron Systems By Name: Title: A-14 TRUSTEE’S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION This is one of the Securities of the Series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. Date of authentication: U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By Authorized Signatory A-15 [FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] Vectron Systems 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 1. Indenture This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of Securities of the Company, designated as its 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 (herein called the “Securities”), issued and to be issued under an indenture, dated as of June 9, 2022 (the “Base Indenture”), between Vectron Systems, a Delaware corporation (such company, and its successors and assigns under the Indenture hereinafter referred to, being herein called the “Company”), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 9, 2022 (the “Supplemental Indenture” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”) between the Company and the Trustee, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto, Board Resolutions and Officer’s Certificates relevant to the Securities reference is hereby made for a complete description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Securities. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Security shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. Each Security is subject to, and qualified by, all such terms as set forth in the Indenture, certain of which are summarized herein, and each Holder of a Security is referred to the corresponding provisions of the Indenture for a complete statement of such terms. To the extent that there is any inconsistency between the summary provisions set forth in the Securities and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern. 2. Interest The Company promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Security at the rate per annum shown above. The Company will pay interest semiannually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing December 1, 2022. Interest on the Securities will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from June 9, 2022. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. In the event that an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, then interest shall be paid on the next succeeding Business Day and no interest shall accrue on such payment as the result of such delay. 3. Paying Agent and Registrar Initially, the Trustee will act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Company may appoint and change any Paying Agent, Registrar or co-registrar without notice to Holders. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent, Registrar or co-registrar. 4. Defaults and Remedies; Waiver If an Event of Default with respect to any Securities at the time outstanding (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(e) or (f) of the Base Indenture) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities by notice to the Company in writing (and to the Trustee, if given by Holders of the Securities) specifying the Event of Default, may declare the principal amount of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of acceleration on all the Securities to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration, such amounts shall be due and payable immediately. If an Event of Default specified in A-16 Section 6.01(e) or (f) of the Base Indenture occurs, the principal amount of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of such Event of Default on all the Securities shall become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder of the Securities. 5. Amendment The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment of the Indenture or this Security and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee without notice to any Holder but with the written consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities then outstanding (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Securities) affected thereby. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities by written notice to the Trustee and the Company to waive an existing Default with respect to the Securities and its consequences except a continuing Default in the payment of the principal amount of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on a Security. A consent to an amendment or a waiver by a Holder of a Security shall bind the Holder and every subsequent Holder of that Security or portion of the Security that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holder’s Security, even if notation of the consent or waiver is not made on the Security. 6. Obligations Absolute No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall amend the contractual obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on this Security at the place, at the respective times, at the rate and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 7. Sinking Fund The Securities will not have the benefit of any sinking fund. 8. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange The Securities are issuable in fully registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. When Securities are presented to the Registrar or a co-registrar with a request to register a transfer or to exchange them for an equal principal amount of Securities, the Registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, without payment of any service charge but, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection with any registration or exchange of Securities. The Company and the Registrar shall not be required (a) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange any Securities for the a period beginning at the opening of business 15 Business immediately preceding the day of the sending of a notice of redemption of Securities selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day such notice is sent, (b) to register the transfer or exchange of Securities selected, called or being called for redemption as a whole or the portion being redeemed of any such Securities selected, called or being called for redemption in part or (c) to register the transfer or exchange of any Securities between a record date and an Interest Payment Date for the Securities. A-17 9. Further Issues The Company may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of the Securities and in accordance with the Indenture, provide for the issuance of additional Securities 10. Optional Redemption The Securities may be redeemed at the Company’s option, upon notice as set forth in the Indenture, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, on the terms set forth in the Indenture. 11. Change of Control Triggering Event Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Securities, subject to certain exceptions, the Company shall be required to offer to purchase each Holder’s Securities on the terms set forth in the Indenture. 12. Persons Deemed Owners The ownership of Securities shall be proved by the register maintained by the Registrar. 13. No Recourse Against Others No shareholder, partner, manager, member, director, officer, employee, agent or incorporator, as such, of any Company shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Securities or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. By accepting a Security, each Holder shall waive and release all such liability. This waiver and release shall be part of the consideration for the issuance of the Securities. 14. Discharge and Defeasance Subject to certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, the Company at any time may terminate some or all of its obligations under the Securities and the Indenture with respect to the Securities if the Company deposits with the Trustee money and/or U.S. Government Obligations for the payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Securities to, but not including, the date of redemption or Maturity, as the case may be. 15. Unclaimed Money Subject to applicable abandoned property law, any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Security and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal, and premium, if any, or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on its request or, if then held by the Company, shall be discharged from such trust. Thereafter the Holder of such Security shall look only to the Company for payment thereof as general conditions unless an abandoned property law designates another Person. 16. Trustee Dealings with the Company Subject to certain limitations imposed by the TIA, the Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Securities and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. Any Paying Agent, Registrar or co-Paying Agent may do the same with like rights. A-18 17. Abbreviations Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as TEN COM (=tenants in common), TEN ENT (=tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (=joint tenants with rights of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (=custodian), and U/G/M/A (=Uniform Gift to Minors Act). 18. CUSIP Numbers Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Securities and has directed the Trustee to use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of redemption and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. A-19 ASSIGNMENT FORM For value received hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto (please insert social security or other identifying number of assignee) the within Security, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints attorney to transfer the said Security on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. Dated: Signature(s) Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an Eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15. Signature Guarantee A-20 INCREASES OR DECREASES IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF GLOBAL SECURITY The initial principal amount of this Global Security is $ . The following increases or decreases in this Global Security have been made: Date of Increase or Decrease Amount of Decrease in Principal Amount of this Global Security Amount of Increase in Principal Amount of this Global Security Remaining Principal Amount of this Global Security Following such Decrease or Increase Signature of Authorized Signatory of Trustee or Custodian A-21 OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 1.4.3 of the Supplemental Indenture, check the box below: ☐ Section 1.4.3 If you want to elect to have only part of the Note purchased by the Company pursuant to Section 1.4.3 of the Supplemental Indenture, state the amount you elect to have purchased: $_________ Date: Your Signature: (Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note) Tax Identification No: Signature Guarantee: A-22
EX-5.1 Exhibit 5.1 140 Scott Drive Menlo Park, California 94025 Tel: +1.650.328.4600 Fax: +1.650.463.2600 www.lw.com FIRM / AFFILIATE OFFICES June 9, 2022 Vectron Systems 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 Austin Beijing Boston Brussels Century City Chicago Dubai Düsseldorf Frankfurt Hamburg Hong Kong Houston London Los Angeles Madrid Milan Moscow Munich New York Orange County Paris Riyadh San Diego San Francisco Seoul Shanghai Silicon Valley Singapore Tel Aviv Tokyo Washington, D.C. Re: Registration Statement No. 333-265433, $500,000,000 Aggregate Principal Amount of 3.924% Senior Notes due 2032 and $500,000,000 Aggregate Principal Amount of 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 To the addressee set forth above: We have acted as special counsel to Vectron Systems, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), in connection with the issuance of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.924% Senior Notes due 2032 (the “ 2032 Notes ”) and the issuance of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 (the “ 2052 Notes ” and, together with the 2032 Notes, the “ Notes ”) under that certain Indenture, dated as of the date hereof (the “ Base Indenture ”), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as trustee (the “ Trustee ”), as supplemented by that certain First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the date hereof, between such parties (the “ Supplemental Indenture ” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “ Indenture ”) and pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Act ”), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ Commission ”) on June 6, 2022 (Registration No. 333-265433) (as so filed, the “ Registration Statement ”), a base prospectus, dated June 6, 2022, included in the Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective (the “ Base Prospectus ”), a preliminary prospectus supplement, dated June 7, 2022, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act (together with the Base Prospectus, the “ Preliminary Prospectus ”), a final prospectus supplement, dated June 7, 2022, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act on June 8, 2022 (together with the Base Prospectus, the “ Prospectus ”), and an underwriting agreement, dated June 7, 2022, between the underwriters named therein and the Company (the “ Underwriting Agreement ”). This opinion is being furnished in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the issuance of the Notes. June 9, 2022 Page 2 As such counsel, we have examined such matters of fact and questions of law as we have considered appropriate for purposes of this letter. With your consent, we have relied upon certificates and other assurances of officers of the Company and others as to factual matters without having independently verified such factual matters. We are opining herein as to the internal laws of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and we express no opinion with respect to the applicability thereto, or the effect thereon, of the laws of any other jurisdiction or, in the case of Delaware, any other laws, or as to any matters of municipal law or the laws of any local agencies within any state. Subject to the foregoing and the other matters set forth herein, it is our opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Notes have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and, when the Notes have been duly executed, issued, and authenticated in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and delivered against payment therefor in the circumstances contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement, the Notes will be legally valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. Our opinion is subject to: (i) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, preference, fraudulent transfer, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors; (ii) (a) the effect of general principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law (including the possible unavailability of specific performance or injunctive relief), (b) concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, and (c) the discretion of the court before which a proceeding is brought; and (iii) the invalidity under certain circumstances under law or court decisions of provisions providing for the indemnification of or contribution to a party with respect to a liability where such indemnification or contribution is contrary to public policy. We express no opinion as to (a) any provision for liquidated damages, default interest, late charges, monetary penalties, make-whole premiums or other economic remedies to the extent such provisions are deemed to constitute a penalty, (b) consents to, or restrictions upon, governing law, jurisdiction, venue, arbitration, remedies, or judicial relief, (c) the waiver of rights or defenses contained in Section 4.4 of the Indenture; (d) any provision requiring the payment of attorneys’ fees, where such payment is contrary to law or public policy; (e) any provision to the extent it requires that a claim with respect to the Notes (or a judgment in respect of such a claim) be converted into U.S. dollars at a rate of exchange at a particular date, to the extent applicable law otherwise provides; (f) provisions purporting to waive modifications of any guaranteed obligation to the extent such modification constitutes a novation; and (g) the severability, if invalid, of provisions to the foregoing effect. With your consent, we have assumed (a) that the Indenture and the Notes (collectively, the “ Documents ”) have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties thereto other than the Company, (b) that the Documents constitute legally valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto other than the Company, enforceable against each of them in accordance with their respective terms, and (c) that the status of the Documents as legally valid and binding obligations of the parties is not affected by any (i) breaches of, or defaults under, agreements or instruments, (ii) violations of statutes, rules, regulations or court or governmental orders, or (iii) failures to obtain required consents, approvals or authorizations from, or make required registrations, declarations or filings with, governmental authorities. June 9, 2022 Page 3 This opinion is for your benefit in connection with the Registration Statement and may be relied upon by you and by persons entitled to rely upon it pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Act. We consent to your filing this opinion as an exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 9, 2022 and to the reference to our firm contained in the Prospectus under the heading “Legal Matters.” In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. Sincerely, /s/ Latham & Watkins LLP
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink
Cover [Abstract] Cover [Abstract] Entity Registrant Name Entity Registrant Name Amendment Flag Amendment Flag Entity Central Index Key Entity Central Index Key Document Type Document Type Document Period End Date Document Period End Date Entity Incorporation State Country Code Entity Incorporation State Country Code Entity File Number Entity File Number Entity Tax Identification Number Entity Tax Identification Number Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Address, City or Town Entity Address, City or Town Entity Address, State or Province Entity Address, State or Province Entity Address, Postal Zip Code Entity Address, Postal Zip Code City Area Code City Area Code Local Phone Number Local Phone Number Written Communications Written Communications Soliciting Material Soliciting Material Pre Commencement Tender Offer Pre Commencement Tender Offer Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer Security 12b Title Security 12b Title Trading Symbol Trading Symbol Security Exchange Name Security Exchange Name Entity Emerging Growth Company Entity Emerging Growth Company
begin 644 g367525g42c30.jpg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end
begin 644 g367525g51j09.jpg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end
begin 644 g367525g52v90.jpg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end
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v3.22.1 Document and Entity Information Jun. 09, 2022 Cover [Abstract] Entity Registrant Name ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC Amendment Flag false Entity Central Index Key 0000099901 Document Type 8-K Document Period End Date Jun. 09, 2022 Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE Entity File Number 001-23456 Entity Tax Identification Number 82-0123456 Entity Address, Address Line One 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 Entity Address, City or Town Ridgewood, Nevada Entity Address, State or Province CA Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95054 City Area Code (408) Local Phone Number 749-4000 Written Communications false Soliciting Material false Pre Commencement Tender Offer false Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 par value Trading Symbol Vectron Systems Security Exchange Name NASDAQ Entity Emerging Growth Company false X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Area code of city + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CityAreaCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Cover page. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CoverAbstract Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1 Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the City or Town + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Code for the postal or zip code + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the state or province. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFileNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Local phone number for entity. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 13e -Subsection 4c + Details Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 14d -Subsection 2b + Details Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Title of a 12(b) registered security. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b + Details Name: dei_Security12bTitle Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection d1-1 + Details Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Section 14a -Number 240 -Subsection 12 + Details Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_TradingSymbol Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Securities Act -Number 230 -Section 425 + Details Name: dei_WrittenCommunications Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
0000099901 2022-06-09 2022-06-09 ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC false 0000099901 8-K 2022-06-09 DE 001-23456 82-0123456 2200 Vectron Boulevard, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 Ridgewood, Nevada CA 95054 (702) 555-4000 false false false false Common Stock, $0.01 par value Vectron Systems NASDAQ false
begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx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end
// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105. var Show={};Show.LastAR=null,Show.showAR=function(a,r,w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0); e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}} if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d,p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'} e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}
/* Updated 2009-11-04 */ /* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */ ..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute; } ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold; } ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px; } ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right; } ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497; } ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px; } ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em; } /* Report Styles */ ..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none; } /* table */ ..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em; } ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf; } /* Top labels */ ..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; } ..report th.void { background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left; } ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */ } ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden; } ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px; } ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc; } /* Header rows... */ ..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; } /* Calendars... */ ..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0; } /* Even rows... */ ..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def; } ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } /* Odd rows... */ ..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white; } ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black; } /* styles for footnote marker */ ..report .fn { white-space: nowrap; } /* styles for numeric types */ ..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap; } ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em; } ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em; } /* styles for text types */ ..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal; } ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em; } ..report .text .more { display: none; } ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold; } ..report .text .small { width: 10em; } ..report sup { font-style: italic; } ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em; }
3.22.1 html 1 22 1 false 0 0 false 0 false false R1.htm 100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information Sheet http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation Document and Entity Information Cover 1 false false All Reports Book All Reports d367525d8k.htm amd-20220609.xsd amd-20220609_lab.xml amd-20220609_pre.xml d367525dex41.htm d367525dex42.htm d367525dex51.htm g367525g51j09.jpg http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021 true false
{ "instance": { "d367525d8k.htm": { "axisCustom": 0, "axisStandard": 0, "contextCount": 1, "dts": { "inline": { "local": [ "d367525d8k.htm" ] }, "labelLink": { "local": [ "amd-20220609_lab.xml" ] }, "presentationLink": { "local": [ "amd-20220609_pre.xml" ] }, "schema": { "local": [ "amd-20220609.xsd" ], "remote": [ "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd", "https://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2020-01-21/types.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021/dei-2021.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2021/naics-2021.xsd" ] } }, "elementCount": 23, "entityCount": 1, "hidden": { "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021": 3, "total": 3 }, "keyCustom": 0, "keyStandard": 22, "memberCustom": 0, "memberStandard": 0, "nsprefix": "amd", "nsuri": "http://www.vectronsystems.com/20220609", "report": { "R1": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "p", "div", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "d367525d8k.htm", "contextRef": "duration_2022-06-09_to_2022-06-09", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "document", "isDefault": "true", "longName": "100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information", "role": "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation", "shortName": "Document and Entity Information", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "p", "div", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "d367525d8k.htm", "contextRef": "duration_2022-06-09_to_2022-06-09", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } } }, "segmentCount": 0, "tag": { "dei_AmendmentFlag": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.", "label": "Amendment Flag", "terseLabel": "Amendment Flag" } } }, "localname": "AmendmentFlag", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_CityAreaCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Area code of city", "label": "City Area Code", "terseLabel": "City Area Code" } } }, "localname": "CityAreaCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_CoverAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Cover page.", "label": "Cover [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cover [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "CoverAbstract", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.", "label": "Document Period End Date", "terseLabel": "Document Period End Date" } } }, "localname": "DocumentPeriodEndDate", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "dateItemType" }, "dei_DocumentType": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.", "label": "Document Type", "terseLabel": "Document Type" } } }, "localname": "DocumentType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "submissionTypeItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name", "label": "Entity Address, Address Line One", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Address Line One" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine1", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the City or Town", "label": "Entity Address, City or Town", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, City or Town" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressCityOrTown", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Code for the postal or zip code", "label": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressPostalZipCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the state or province.", "label": "Entity Address, State or Province", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, State or Province" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressStateOrProvince", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "stateOrProvinceItemType" }, "dei_EntityCentralIndexKey": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.", "label": "Entity Central Index Key", "terseLabel": "Entity Central Index Key" } } }, "localname": "EntityCentralIndexKey", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "centralIndexKeyItemType" }, "dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.", "label": "Entity Emerging Growth Company", "terseLabel": "Entity Emerging Growth Company" } } }, "localname": "EntityEmergingGrowthCompany", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_EntityFileNumber": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.", "label": "Entity File Number", "terseLabel": "Entity File Number" } } }, "localname": "EntityFileNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "fileNumberItemType" }, "dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.", "label": "Entity Incorporation State Country Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Incorporation State Country Code" } } }, "localname": "EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "edgarStateCountryItemType" }, "dei_EntityRegistrantName": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.", "label": "Entity Registrant Name", "terseLabel": "Entity Registrant Name" } } }, "localname": "EntityRegistrantName", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.", "label": "Entity Tax Identification Number", "terseLabel": "Entity Tax Identification Number" } } }, "localname": "EntityTaxIdentificationNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "employerIdItemType" }, "dei_LocalPhoneNumber": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Local phone number for entity.", "label": "Local Phone Number", "terseLabel": "Local Phone Number" } } }, "localname": "LocalPhoneNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer": { "auth_ref": [ "r2" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.", "label": "Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer", "terseLabel": "Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer" } } }, "localname": "PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer": { "auth_ref": [ "r3" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.", "label": "Pre Commencement Tender Offer", "terseLabel": "Pre Commencement Tender Offer" } } }, "localname": "PreCommencementTenderOffer", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_Security12bTitle": { "auth_ref": [ "r0" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Title of a 12(b) registered security.", "label": "Security 12b Title", "terseLabel": "Security 12b Title" } } }, "localname": "Security12bTitle", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "securityTitleItemType" }, "dei_SecurityExchangeName": { "auth_ref": [ "r1" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.", "label": "Security Exchange Name", "terseLabel": "Security Exchange Name" } } }, "localname": "SecurityExchangeName", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "edgarExchangeCodeItemType" }, "dei_SolicitingMaterial": { "auth_ref": [ "r4" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.", "label": "Soliciting Material", "terseLabel": "Soliciting Material" } } }, "localname": "SolicitingMaterial", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_TradingSymbol": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.", "label": "Trading Symbol", "terseLabel": "Trading Symbol" } } }, "localname": "TradingSymbol", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "tradingSymbolItemType" }, "dei_WrittenCommunications": { "auth_ref": [ "r6" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.", "label": "Written Communications", "terseLabel": "Written Communications" } } }, "localname": "WrittenCommunications", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021", "presentation": [ "http://www.vectronsystems.com//20220609/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" } }, "unitCount": 0 } }, "std_ref": { "r0": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b" }, "r1": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "d1-1" }, "r2": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "13e", "Subsection": "4c" }, "r3": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "14d", "Subsection": "2b" }, "r4": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "14a", "Subsection": "12" }, "r5": { "Name": "Regulation 12B", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b-2" }, "r6": { "Name": "Securities Act", "Number": "230", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "425" } }, "version": "2.1" }
begin 644 0001193125-22-171108-xbrl.zip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end