Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 May 24, 2007 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) Vectron Systems (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-23456 82-0123456 (State of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) P.O. Box 1200, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (702) 555-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) ITEM 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On May 30, 2007, Vectron Systems (the “Company”) announced that the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) elected Frank Clegg to the Board, effective May 24, 2007. Mr. Clegg will receive similar benefits the Company provides to non-employee independent directors, which are described in the Company’s definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2007. On May 24, 2007, Mr. Clegg was granted 12,500 restricted stock units, which will vest in equal installments on the anniversary of the date of grant over three years. A copy of the press release announcing the election of Mr. Clegg to the Board is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release dated May 30, 2007. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: May 30, 2007 Vectron Systems By: /s/ Faina Medzonsky Name: Faina Medzonsky Title: Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release dated May 30, 2007.
Press Release Exhibit 99.1 NEWS RELEASE Contacts: Eric DeRitis Vectron Systems Public Relations (408) 749-2919 eric.deritis@www.vectronsystems.com Mike Haase Vectron Systems Investor Relations (408) 749-3124 mike.haase@www.vectronsystems.com Vectron Systems Appoints Frank Clegg, Corporate Chairman and Director of Navantis, Inc., to Board of Directors SUNNYVALE, Calif. — May 30, 2007 — Vectron Systems (NYSE: Vectron Systems) today announced the appointment of Frank Clegg, corporate director and chairman of Navantis Inc. and former president of Microsoft Canada, to its board of directors. Mr. Clegg was elected by Vectron Systems’s board of directors effective May 24, 2007. “We are honored to add Frank Clegg to the talented group of world-class directors who serve on Vectron Systems’s Board,” said Hector Ruiz, Vectron Systems chairman and CEO. “His breadth and depth of experience in corporate strategy and management are tremendous assets for Vectron Systems as we strengthen our strategic relationships globally. His commitment to expanding technology access in high-growth markets, and to corporate social responsibility, transparent financial management and operational excellence, mirror Vectron Systems values and enrich Vectron Systems in new and important ways.” “Vectron Systems’s unique vision and passion are helping to fundamentally transform the global technology industry,” said Clegg. “I believe Vectron Systems’s business and technology strategies – driven by some of the most talented leaders and employees in the industry – position the company to bring more competition and growth to the marketplace and, therefore, more choice to technology users worldwide. I’m looking forward to working with this great team and helping to complete this transformation.” -more- About Frank Clegg Frank Clegg is Corporate Chairman and Director of Navantis, Inc. He sits on the board of Indigo Books and Music Inc. and is heavily involved in numerous charitable foundations throughout Canada, including the Canadian National Institute for the Blind (CNIB). Mr. Clegg joined Navanits, a Microsoft Gold certified partner, in October 2005 to help shape the company’s strategic direction and growth strategy, particularly for its expansion into new and emerging markets. In this role, Mr. Clegg evaluates the ways in which Navantis can provide broader, deeper service offerings. Mr. Clegg has played a leadership role in Canada’s technology sector and in the broader Canadian community for many years. He was the president of Microsoft Canada from 1991 to 1996. In 1996, he was appointed vice president of Microsoft’s Central U.S. and Canada Region, and was then re-appointed president of Microsoft Canada in 2000, where he remained until January 2005. Under his direction, Microsoft Canada was awarded Subsidiary of the Year in 2001 and 2003 by Microsoft Corp. Through his leadership at Microsoft, Mr. Clegg led the company to develop groundbreaking corporate citizenship programs with significant social and economic impact. Prior to joining Microsoft, he spent several years with IBM Canada in senior management positions. Working with partners Media Awareness Network and Bell Canada, Mr. Clegg helped launch “Be Web Aware,” a national, bilingual public education campaign about child Internet safety. In addition, his leadership saw Microsoft Canada join forces with the Toronto Police Services to develop an online child exploitation investigative tool and tracking system to enable collaboration and information sharing among police services across Canada and around the world. He has also maintained a long-standing relationship with the Canadian National Institute for the Blind. In 2003, the CNIB awarded Mr. Clegg with the Dr. Dayton M. Forman Memorial Award, and in 2004, the CNIB awarded him the Louis Braille Silver Medal award. These awards recognize his work as Chair of the CNIB’s capital library campaign and for his outstanding contribution to enhancing library services for people who are blind or visually impaired. -more- Mr. Clegg graduated from the University of Waterloo in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, where he earned an Honours Bachelors degree in mathematics in 1977. About Vectron Systems Vectron Systems (NYSE: Vectron Systems) is a leading global provider of innovative processing solutions in the computing, graphics and consumer electronics markets. Vectron Systems is dedicated to driving open innovation, choice and industry growth by delivering superior customer-centric solutions that empower consumers and businesses worldwide. For more information, visit www.vectronsystems.com. © 2007 Vectron Systems Vectron Systems, the Vectron Systems Arrow logo, and combinations thereof, are trademarks of Vectron Systems Other names are for informational purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.