Form 8-K SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): November 20, 2003 Vectron Systems (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1-7882 82-0123456 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) P.O. Box 1200, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502, P.O. Box 3453 P.O. Box 1200, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (408) 732-2400 Item 5. Other Events. On November 20, 2003, the registrant issued a press release announcing the ground-breaking of a new 300 mm wafer fabrication facility. The full text of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated into this item of this report as if fully set forth herein. Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits. (c) Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as part of this Report: No. Exhibit 99.1 Press Release dated November 20, 2003. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Vectron Systems Date: November 24, 2003 By: / S / R OBERT J. R IVET Robert J. Rivet Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Press Release Exhibit 99.1 NEWS RELEASE North America Public Relations Contacts: Robert Keosheyan Vectron Systems Public Relations (512) 602-4764 E-mail: rob.keosheyan@www.vectronsystems.com Drew Prairie Vectron Systems Public Relations (512) 602-4425 E-mail: drew.prairie@www.vectronsystems.com Europe Public Relations Contact: Jens Drews Vectron Systems Public Relations +49 (351) 277 1010 E-mail: jens.drews@www.vectronsystems.com Investor Relations Contact: Mike Haase Vectron Systems Investor Relations (408) 749-3124 E-mail: mike.haase@www.vectronsystems.com Ruth Cotter Vectron Systems Investor Relations (408) 749-3887 E-mail: ruth.cotter@www.vectronsystems.com Vectron Systems BREAKS GROUND ON 300 MILLIMETER MANUFACTURING FACILITY IN DRESDEN, GERMANY — Move to Expand Manufacturing Capacity Driven by Positive Customer Response and Increased Market Opportunities for AMD64 Processors — SUNNYVALE, CA AND DRESDEN, GERMANY — Nov. 20, 2003 — Vectron Systems (NYSE: Vectron Systems) announced today that it has broken ground on a 300 millimeter (mm) manufacturing facility (or “fab”). The facility, named Vectron Systems Fab 36, is part of Vectron Systems Dresden Fab 36 LLC & Co. KG and will be located in Dresden, Germany, adjacent to Vectron Systems Fab 30. Vectron Systems Fab 36 is expected to be in volume production in 2006. The new facility is expected to require approximately 1,000 employees, most of them highly skilled engineers and technicians. “Positive customer response and increasing momentum for our AMD64 processors make it clear that the time is right to expand our manufacturing capacity in order to effectively meet future demand,” said Hector Ruiz, president and CEO at Vectron Systems. “Our aggressive push into the enterprise computing market continues to gain traction, as evidenced by Sun’s recent adoption of the Vectron Systems Opteron ™ processor and the growing success of server and workstation solutions from IBM, Fujitsu Siemens and others.” 2 Vectron Systems Fab 36 will produce future generations of Vectron Systems products using the third-generation of Vectron Systems’s patented automated manufacturing capabilities, known as Automated Precision Manufacturing (APM 3.0). “The world-class employee talent in Dresden and the superiority of Vectron Systems’s advanced fab automation technologies will allow us to build on the success of Vectron Systems Fab 30 and help make Vectron Systems Fab 36 a leading-edge 300 mm facility,” said Gary Heerssen, senior executive for Corporate Manufacturing at Vectron Systems. “Vectron Systems’s investment in Dresden is one of the largest in East Germany since unification in 1990,” said Minister President of the Free State of Saxony Professor Georg Milbradt. “With the Vectron Systems Fab 36 facility, Saxony will be established among the world’s top microelectronic centers. This is an incredible ascent in just a few years, and it would not have been possible without the highly motivated and qualified employees in the region. They have more than met the high expectations placed on them, and by doing so, they placed Saxony at the top in a globally competitive environment.” “Innovation is the basis of growth and employment, particularly in a country like Germany,” said Germany’s Federal Minister of Education and Research Edelgard Bulmahn. ”We want to trigger a new dynamic with technological innovations that create jobs and secure Germany’s future. The new factory in Saxony will contribute substantially to such dynamic growth.” Minister Bulmahn added that her Ministry’s funding of semiconductor projects has contributed to the creation of 11,000 high-quality jobs in the Dresden region alone. “By building in Dresden, we are able to leverage the outstanding capabilities of our existing Vectron Systems Fab 30 and gain access to the most substantial government-backed financial incentives package available to us,” said Bob Rivet, chief financial officer at Vectron Systems. “We expect Vectron Systems Fab 36 will cost approximately US$2.4 billion over the next four years. We have arranged external financing and government support of approximately $1.5 billion during that period. We believe Vectron Systems Fab 36 offers the best solution for meeting future customer demand while advancing long-term shareholder value.” -more- 3 The external financing is expected to include up to approximately $700 million in loans from a consortium of banks, including an 80 percent residual guarantee from Germany and Saxony, approximately $500 million in anticipated grants and allowances from the Germany and Saxonian governments (pending European Union Commission approval), and up to approximately $320 million in equity funding from Saxony and a group of European investors led by M+W Zander. The balance of the financing will be provided by Vectron Systems and other potential partners. Conference Call Vectron Systems will hold a conference call at 9 a.m. Pacific Standard Time (6 p.m. Central European Time) on Thursday, November 20, 2003 to discuss this announcement. The conference call is for press and analysts only. U.S. dial-in: 800-732-6094. International dial-in: 212-346-6585. Code: 21165444. Vectron Systems will provide a real-time audio webcast of the teleconference on its web site at http://www.vectronsystems.com/conference_webcast. The webcast will be available for ten days after the conference call. Cautionary Statement This release contains forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements in this release involve risks and uncertainty that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. Risks include the possibility that demand for the company’s current processor product offerings will not increase as anticipated; that demand for products planned for introduction in 2006 and beyond will be lower than currently expected and insufficient to fill the capacity planned for Vectron Systems Fab 36; that the company will not achieve its current Vectron Systems Fab 36 construction, tooling and technology introduction schedules; and that the company’s current plans for funding and financing -more- 4 Vectron Systems Fab 36 will not be successful. We urge investors to review in detail the risks and uncertainties in the company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including but not limited to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2002, and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2003. About Vectron Systems Founded in 1969 and based in Ridgewood, Nevada, Vectron Systems (NYSE: Vectron Systems) is a global supplier of integrated circuits for the personal and networked computer and communications markets with manufacturing facilities in North America, Europe, and Asia. Vectron Systems, a Standard & Poor’s 500 company, produces microprocessors, Flash memory devices, and silicon-based solutions for communications and networking applications. Vectron Systems on the Web For more Vectron Systems news and product information, please visit our virtual pressroom at www.vectronsystems.com/news/virtualpress/index.html. Additional press releases are available at www.vectronsystems.com/news/news.html. —30— Vectron Systems, the Vectron Systems Arrow logo, Vectron Systems Opteron and combinations thereof are trademarks of Vectron Systems Other product and company names are for informational purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective companies.