Form 10-K Table of Contents SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K [x] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003 OR [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number 1-13252 Apex Health Distribution A [COMPANY] I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 87-3207296 Apex Health Distribution Plaza One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Telephone (620) 555-8300 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: (Title of Each Class) Common Stock, $0.01 par value Preferred Stock Purchase Rights (Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered) New York Stock Exchange Pacific Exchange, Inc. New York Stock Exchange Pacific Exchange, Inc. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [x] No [ ] Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer. Yes [x] No [ ] The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, September 2002, was approximately $8,203,245,735. Number of shares of common stock outstanding on May 30, 2003: 289,526,926 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on July 30, 2003 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1. Business Item 2. Properties Item 3. Legal Proceedings Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters Item 6. [COMPANY] Data Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure PART III Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Item 14. Controls and Procedures PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule, and Reports on Form 8-K SIGNATURES CERTIFICATION CERTIFICATION Exhibit 10.2 Exhibit 10.5 Exhibit 10.6 Exhibit 10.18 Exhibit 10.19 Exhibit 10.23 Exhibit 10.30 Exhibit 10.31 Exhibit 10.39 Exhibit 10.40 Exhibit 10.41 Exhibit 10.42 Exhibit 21 Exhibit 23 Exhibit 24 Exhibit 99.1 Exhibit 99.2 Table of [COMPANY] TABLE OF CONTENTS Item Page PART I 1. Business 3 2. Properties 8 3. Legal Proceedings 8 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 16 Executive Officers of the Registrant 16 PART II 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters 17 6. [COMPANY] Data 17 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition 17 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 17 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 17 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 18 PART III 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 18 11. Executive Compensation 18 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 18 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 21 14. Controls and Procedures 21 PART IV 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K 22 Signatures 23 Certifications 24 2 Table of [COMPANY] PART I Item 1. [COMPANY] (“Apex Health Distribution,” the “Company,” the “Registrant,” or “we” and other similar pronouns), is a Fortune 20 corporation providing supply, information and care management products and services designed to reduce costs and improve quality across the healthcare industry. [COMPANY]’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references in this document to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available via our website (www.apexhealthdist.com under the “Investors – SEC Filings” caption) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC” or the “Commission”). Business Segments We conduct our business through three segments. Through our [COMPANY] segment, we are a leading distributor of ethical and proprietary drugs, and health and beauty care products throughout North America. We are also a leading provider of patient and payor services in the United States. Our Apex MedSupply segment distributes medical-surgical supplies and equipment, and provides logistics and related services within the [COMPANY] segment delivers enterprise-wide patient care, clinical, financial, supply chain, managed care and strategic management software solutions, as well as outsourcing and other services, to healthcare organizations throughout North America, certain European countries and the [COMPANY]’s strategy is to create strong, value-based relationships with customers, enabling us to sell additional products and services to these customers over time. Net revenues for our segments for the last three years were as follows: (Dollars in billions) 2003 2002 2001 [COMPANY] $ 53.2 93 % $ 46.3 93 % $ 38.4 92 % Apex MedSupply 2.8 5 2.7 5 2.7 6 [COMPANY] 1.1 2 1.0 2 0.9 2 Total $ 57.1 100 % $ 50.0 100 % $ 42.0 100 % [COMPANY] segment consists of the following businesses: [COMPANY], Automation, [COMPANY], Zee® Medical and [COMPANY]. We also have a 22% interest in Nadro, S.A. de C.V. (“Nadro”). [COMPANY]. Supplies pharmaceuticals and other healthcare related products to more than 40,000 customers in three primary customer segments: national and regional retail chains, institutional providers, and retail independent pharmacies. These three customer groups represented approximately 39%, 40%, and 21% of [COMPANY]’s revenues in 2003. [COMPANY] business operates through a network of 30 distribution centers, as well as a master distribution center and a repackaging facility, serving all 50 states. We invest in technology and other systems at all of our distribution centers to enhance safety, reliability and the best product availability for our customers. For example, in all of our distribution centers we use Acumax® Plus, a Smithsonian award-winning technology, which integrates and tracks all internal functions, such as receiving, put-away and order fulfillment. Acumax® Plus uses bar code technology, wrist-mounted computer hardware, and radio frequency signals to provide our customers with industry leading order quality and fulfillment at up to 99.9% accuracy. [COMPANY] SM , which integrates portable Palm technology with Acumax® Plus to give customers complete ordering and inventory control, and [COMPANY] Online SM , an Internet-based ordering, purchasing, third-party reconciliation and 3 Table of [COMPANY] account management system, help ensure that our customers have the right products at the right time for their facilities and patients. Our investment in operational excellence also includes Six Sigma – an analytical methodology that emphasizes setting high quality objectives, collecting data, and analyzing results to a fine degree in order to improve processes to reduce costs and errors. Further, we are implementing enterprise-wide information systems to help achieve greater consistency and accuracy both internally and for our customers. [COMPANY] business’ major value-added offerings, by customer group, include the following: Retail Chains (drug stores, food/drug combination, mail order pharmacies, and mass merchandisers) — Business solutions that help chains increase revenues: • Rx-Pak SM – Bulk repackaging leverages our purchasing power and supplier relationships, offers pharmaceuticals at reduced prices, helps increase inventory turns and reduces working capital investment; • Automated Refill Center – Improves pharmacy productivity and reduces costs by managing prescription refill volume remotely; • Apex Health Distribution Managed Inventory – Reduces inventory carrying costs through forecasting integrated with automated replenishment technologies; and • Re-Distribution Centers – Two large facilities which offer access to inventory for single source purchasing, including pharmaceuticals and biologicals. Retail Independent Pharmacies — Marketing, merchandising, operational efficiencies and industry leadership that help pharmacists focus on patient care while improving profitability: • Valu-Rite® and Health Mart® – Network of independent pharmacies that leverages group branding and purchasing power; • Apex Health Distribution Managed Care/Omnilink® – Saves time and costs through comprehensive managed care and reconciliation assistance services; • Apex Health Distribution OneStop Generics SM – Helps pharmacies maximize their cost savings with a broad selection of rebate-eligible generic drugs, lower up-front pricing and one-stop shopping; and • PharmaSim – Profitability analysis tool that helps pharmacists measure and compare results with their local and national competitors. Institutional Providers (hospitals and health systems, integrated delivery networks, clinics and other acute-care facilities, and long-term care providers) — Electronic ordering/purchasing and supply chain management systems that help improve efficiencies, save labor and improve capital: • Fulfill-Rx TM – Streamlines pharmacy inventory replenishing, automates inventory re-ordering, and optimizes medication cabinet inventory to easily value the pharmacy’s total inventory investment; • [COMPANY] – Comprehensive program designed to deliver improved inventory management controls; and • [COMPANY] – Complete pharmacy management focused on improving patient outcomes by increasing drug safety, developing pharmacy staff, and streamlining administrative processes. [COMPANY]. Consists of [COMPANY] (formerly Medis Health and [COMPANY], Inc.), a wholly-owned subsidiary, the largest pharmaceutical distributor in Canada. We also have a 22% equity interest in Nadro, the leading pharmaceutical distributor in Mexico. Automation. Manufactures and markets automated pharmacy systems and services to hospitals through its Apex Health Distribution Automated Healthcare unit and to retail pharmacies through its [COMPANY] unit. Key products and services include: Apex Health Distribution Automated Healthcare: • ROBOT-Rx™ system, a robotic pharmacy dispensing and utilization tracking system that enables hospitals to lower pharmacy costs while significantly improving the accuracy of pharmaceutical dispensing; • AcuDose-Rx™, a unit-based cabinet that automates the storage, dispensing and tracking of commonly used drugs in patient areas; • Admin-Rx™, a hand-held device that records, automates, and streamlines drug administration and medication information requirements through bar code scanning at the patient’s bedside; 4 Table of [COMPANY] • Fulfill-Rx™, software that streamlines pharmacy inventory replenishment; and • SupplyScan SM , a hand-held device that tracks consumption of medical supplies through bar-code scanning at point-of-use. [COMPANY]: • A wide range of pharmaceutical dispensing and productivity products including Baker Cells™ and Baker Cassettes™, modular units that provide pharmacists with quick and accurate counting capabilities combined with efficient space management; • Autoscript™, a robotic pharmacy dispensing system that enables retail pharmacies to lower pharmacy costs through high-volume dispensing while improving accuracy through the use of bar code technology; and • Pharmacy 2000® and Productivity Station™, interactive workstation systems that combine software and automation to improve productivity throughout the pharmacy prescription sales process. [COMPANY]. Uses our capabilities in pharmaceutical distribution, patient management, and information to create specialty pharmaceutical and medical management services for biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturers, payors, physicians and providers. This business is focused on two growing areas of healthcare: medical management and specialty pharmaceutical services. [COMPANY] —The following suite of services and software products are marketed to payors, employers and government organizations to help manage the cost and quality of care: • Disease management programs to improve overall healthcare of a patient; • Nurse triage services to direct patients to the appropriate level of care; • Clinical and analytical software to support utilization, case and disease management workflow; • Business intelligence tools for measuring, reporting and improving clinical and financial performance; and • InterQual® Criteria for clinical decision support. [COMPANY] —This business’ product-specific solutions are directed towards manufacturers, payors and physicians to enable delivery and administration of high-cost, often injectable bio-pharmaceutical drugs used to treat patients with chronic disease. The business facilitates patient and provider access to specialty pharmaceuticals across multiple delivery channels (direct-to-physician wholesale, patient-direct specialty pharmacy dispensing, and access to retail pharmacy), provides clinical support and treatment compliance programs that help patients stay on complex therapies, and offers reimbursement, data collection and analysis services. Zee® Medical. North America’s leading provider of first aid, safety, and training solutions, providing services to industrial and commercial customers. This business offers an extensive line of products and services aimed at maximizing headcount productivity and minimizing the liability and cost associated with workplace illnesses and injuries. Medical–[COMPANY] Our Apex MedSupply segment provides medical-surgical supply distribution, equipment, logistics and related services to healthcare providers that include hospitals, physicians’ offices, extended care facilities, and homecare sites through a network of 37 distribution centers within the U.S. This segment is the nation’s third largest distributor of medical-surgical supplies to hospitals (acute care) and is the leading provider of supplies to the full range of alternate-site healthcare facilities, including physicians’ offices, clinics and surgery centers (primary care), long-term care facilities and homecare sites (extended care). [COMPANY] On-Line SM , an electronic ordering system, provides an advanced way of ordering medical-surgical products over the Internet, and the segment’s Optipak® program allows physicians to customize ordering of supplies according to individual surgical procedure preferences. [COMPANY] segment provides a comprehensive portfolio of software, support and services to help healthcare organizations improve patient safety, reduce the cost and variability of care, and better manage their resources and revenue stream. [COMPANY] segment markets its products and services to integrated delivery networks, hospitals, physician group practices, home health providers, managed care providers and payors. Approximately sixty percent of hospital-based integrated delivery networks in the U.S. use one or more products from this segment. The segment also sells its solutions internationally through subsidiaries and/or distribution 5 Table of [COMPANY] agreements in Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Australia and New Zealand. The product portfolio for the [COMPANY] segment is organized into three major solutions sets – clinical management, revenue cycle management and resource management – with a variety of subsets of these solutions designed to address specific healthcare business issues (e.g., physician access, medication safety, etc.). To ensure that organizations achieve the maximum value for their information technology investment, the [COMPANY] segment also offers a wide range of services to support the implementation and use of solutions as well as assist with business and clinical re-design, process re-engineering and staffing (both information technology and back-office). Clinical management . The segment’s clinical solutions are designed to enable organizations to improve medication safety, accelerate physician utilization of healthcare information technology and reduce variability in healthcare quality and costs. The clinical management solution set, known as Horizon Clinicals TM , is built using architecture to facilitate integration and enable modular deployment of systems. It includes a clinical data repository, document imaging, medical imaging, real-time decision support, point-of-care nursing documentation, enterprise laboratory and pharmacy, an emergency department solution and an ambulatory medical record. Horizon Clinicals TM also includes solutions to facilitate physician access to patient information such as a Web-based physician portal and wireless devices that draw on information from the hospital’s information systems. Revenue cycle management . The segment’s revenue cycle solution is designed to reduce days in accounts receivable, prevent insurance claim denials, reduce costs and improve productivity for our customers. Examples of solutions include contract management, electronic claims processing and coding compliance checking. The segment’s hospital information systems also play a key role in revenue cycle management by working with these solutions to automate the operation of individual departments and their respective functions within the inpatient environment. Resource management . The segment’s resource management solutions consist of an integrated suite of applications that enhance an organization’s ability to forecast and optimize enterprisewide use of resources (labor, supplies, equipment and facilities) associated with the delivery of care. These solutions help automate and link resource requirements to care protocols designed to increase profitability, enhance decision-making, and improve business processes. In addition to the product offerings described above, the segment offers a comprehensive range of services to help organizations derive greater value from, and enhance satisfaction and return on investment throughout the life of the solutions implemented. The range of services includes: [COMPANY] . The segment has worked with numerous healthcare organizations to support the smooth operation of their information systems by providing the technical infrastructure designed to maximize application accessibility, availability, security and performance. [COMPANY] . Professional services help customers achieve business results from their software investment. The segment offers a wide array of quality service options including consulting for business process improvement and re-design, as well as implementation, project management, technical, and education services relating to all products in the [COMPANY] segment. [COMPANY] . The segment helps organizations focus their resources where needed while the segment manages their information technology or revenue cycle operations through outsourcing. Outsourcing service options include managing hospital data processing operations, as well as strategic information systems planning and management, revenue cycle processes, payroll processing, business office administration, and major system conversions. Acquisitions, Investments and Divestitures We have undertaken strategic initiatives in recent years designed to further focus on our core healthcare businesses and enhance our competitive position. These initiatives are detailed in Financial Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, “Acquisitions and Investments” and “Discontinued Operations and Other Divestitures,” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 6 Table of [COMPANY] Competition In every area of healthcare distribution operations, our [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments face strong competition, both in price and service, from national, regional and local full-line, short-line and specialty wholesalers, service merchandisers, self-warehousing chains, and manufacturers engaged in direct distribution. In addition, these segments face competition from various other service providers and from pharmaceutical and other healthcare manufacturers (as well as other potential customers of the segments) which may from time to time decide to develop, for their own internal needs, supply management capabilities which are provided by the segments and other competing service providers. Price, quality of service, and, in some cases, convenience to the customer are generally the principal competitive elements in these segments. [COMPANY] segment experiences substantial competition from many firms, including other computer services firms, consulting firms, shared service vendors, certain hospitals and hospital groups, hardware vendors and internet-based companies with technology applicable to the healthcare industry. Competition varies in size from small to large companies, in geographical coverage, and in scope and breadth of products and services offered. Intellectual Property The principal trademarks and service marks of the [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments include: ECONOLINK®, VALU-RITE®, Valu-Rite/CareMax®, OmniLink®, Apex Health Distribution OneStop Generics SM , Health Mart®, ASK-A-NURSE®, Episode Profiler®, InterQual®, coSource®, ROBOT-Rx™, Autoscript TM , Acumax® Plus, AcuDose-Rx™, AcuScan-Rx™, Admin-Rx™, Rx-Pak SM , Pak Plus-Rx™, SelfPace™, Baker Cells™, Baker Cassettes™, Baker Universal™, Autoscript™, Pharmacy 2000™, Productivity Station™, CRMS™, Patterns Profiler™, CareEnhance SM , [COMPANY] SM , .com [COMPANY]®, Fulfill-Rx™ , SupplyScan SM , [COMPANY] OnLine SM , and Optipak®. The substantial majority of technical concepts and codes embodied in our [COMPANY] segment’s computer programs and program documentation are not protected by patents or copyrights but constitute trade secrets that are proprietary to us. The principal trademarks and service marks for this segment are: HealthQuest®, Paragon®, Pathways 2000®, TRENDSTAR®, Horizon Clinicals™, Horizon WP ®, Series 2000™, STAR 2000™, Connect 2000®, and PracticePoint®. We also own other registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks and similar rights used by our business segments. All of the principal trademarks and service marks are registered in the United States, or registrations have been applied for with respect to such marks, in addition to certain other jurisdictions. The United States federal registrations of these trademarks have terms of ten or twenty years, depending on date of registration, and are subject to unlimited renewals. We believe we have taken all necessary steps to preserve the registration and duration of our trademarks and service marks, although no assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully enforce or protect our rights thereunder in the event that they are subject to third-party infringement claims. We do not, however, consider any particular patent, license, franchise or concession to be material to our business. Other Information About the Business Customers : In recent years, a significant portion of our revenue growth has been with a limited number of large customers. During 2003, sales to our largest customer, [COMPANY], and ten largest customers accounted for approximately 12% and 50% of our revenues. At March 31, 2003, accounts receivable from [COMPANY] and our ten largest customers were approximately 10% and 43% of total accounts receivable. The majority of these revenues and accounts receivable are included in our [COMPANY] segment. Research and Development: . Our research and development (“R&D”) expenditures primarily consists of our investment in software development held for sale. We expended $193.9 million, $183.1 million, and $186.9 million for R&D activities in 2003, 2002 and 2001 and of these amounts, we capitalized 23%, 26% and 21%. R&D expenditures are incurred by our [COMPANY] segment and our [COMPANY] and Automation businesses. [COMPANY] segment product development efforts apply computer technology and installation methodologies to specific information processing needs of hospitals. We believe a substantial and sustained commitment to such expenditures is important to the long-term success of this business. Additional 7 Table of [COMPANY] information regarding our R&D activities is included in Financial Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, “Significant Accounting Policies,” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Environmental Legislation : We sold our chemical distribution operations in 1987 and retained responsibility for certain environmental obligations. Agreements with the Environmental Protection Agency and certain states may require environmental assessments and cleanups at several closed sites. These matters are described further in “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other than any capital expenditures that may be required in connection with those legal matters, we do not anticipate making substantial capital expenditures either for environmental issues, or to comply with environmental laws and regulations in the future. The amount of our capital expenditures for environmental compliance was not material in 2003 and is not expected to be material in the next year. Employees : On March 31, 2003, we employed approximately 24,500 persons compared to 24,000 in 2002 and 23,000 in 2001. Financial Information About Foreign and Domestic Operations and Export Sales: Information as to foreign operations is included in Financial Notes 1 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements, “Significant Accounting Policies” and “Segments of Business,” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 2. Properties Because of the nature of our principal businesses, plant, warehousing, office and other facilities are operated in widely dispersed locations. The warehouses are typically owned or leased on a long-term basis. We consider our operating properties to be in satisfactory condition and adequate to meet our needs for the next several years without making capital expenditures materially higher than historical levels. Information as to material lease commitments is included in Financial Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, “Lease Obligations,” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 3. Legal Proceedings I. Accounting Litigation Since the announcements by Apex Health Distribution in April, May and July of 1999 that Apex Health Distribution had determined that certain software sales transactions in its [COMPANY] segment, formerly HBO & Company (“HBOC”) and now known as [COMPANY], Inc., were improperly recorded as revenue and reversed, as of April 29, 2003, ninety-one lawsuits have been filed against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain of Apex Health Distribution’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and other defendants, including Bear Stearns & [COMPANY]. (“Bear Stearns”) and [COMPANY] (“Arthur Andersen”). Federal Actions Sixty-seven of the above mentioned actions have been filed in Federal Court (the “Federal Actions”). All of the undismissed Federal Actions are pending before the Honorable Ronald M. Whyte of the United States District Court (the “Court”) for the Northern District of California. Federal Actions filed as class actions (excluding the ERISA actions discussed below) have been consolidated into a single action before Judge Whyte under the caption In re Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. Securities Litigation (Case No. C-99-20743 RMW) (the “Consolidated Action”). As discussed below, some individual Federal Actions are also pending before Judge Whyte. By order dated December 22, 1999, Judge Whyte appointed the New York State Common Retirement Fund as lead plaintiff (“Lead Plaintiff”) in the Consolidated Action and approved Lead Plaintiff’s choice of counsel. After the filing of three consolidated complaints and multiple motions by multiple defendants challenging the sufficiency of those complaints, the pleadings in the case have been set with respect to Apex Health Distribution and HBOC (motions for reconsideration of prior dismissal orders issued by Judge Whyte have been filed by Arthur Andersen and Bear Stearns and remain pending). The operative complaint in the Consolidated Action is Lead Plaintiff’s Third Amended and Consolidated Class Action Complaint (“TAC”), filed on February 15, 2002. The TAC asserts claims against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC under Sections 10(b) and 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) in connection with the events leading to Apex Health Distribution’s announcements in April, May and July 1999, 8 Table of [COMPANY] and names Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain of Apex Health Distribution’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, Arthur Andersen and Bear Stearns as defendants. The Section 10(b) claim alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC intentionally or with deliberate recklessness misstated the financial statements of HBOC or Apex Health Distribution during the class period. The Section 14(a) claim alleges that the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus issued in connection with a Apex Health Distribution subsidiary and HBOC merger (the “Merger”) contained material misstatements or omissions and that Apex Health Distribution was negligent in issuing the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus with those misstatements. On April 5, 2002, Apex Health Distribution filed a motion to dismiss Lead Plaintiff’s claim under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act to the extent that it is based on Apex Health Distribution’s pre-Merger conduct (Lead Plaintiff’s claim under Section 10(b) against Apex Health Distribution based on post-Merger conduct had already been sustained by Judge Whyte), and moved to dismiss the claim under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act in its entirety. By order dated January 6, 2003, Judge Whyte granted in part and denied in part the Company’s motion to dismiss the TAC. Specifically, Judge Whyte dismissed with prejudice the claim against the Company under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act to the extent that claim was based on Apex Health Distribution’s conduct or statements prior to the January 12, 1999 merger transaction with HBOC, denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the claim against the Company under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and ordered the Company to answer the TAC. Following the Court’s January 6, 2003 orders, the following claims remained against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC: (i) a claim against HBOC under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act; (ii) a claim against Apex Health Distribution under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act with respect to post-Merger conduct only; and (iii) a Section 14(a) claim against Apex Health Distribution, as described in the Court’s January 6, 2003 order. [COMPANY] and HBOC filed answers to the TAC on March 7, 2003, denying that the Company or HBOC had violated Section 10(b) or Section 14(a) or that they had any liability to the alleged plaintiff class. On March 7, 2003, Lead Plaintiff filed a motion for class certification seeking to certify a class consisting of (i) all persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded securities of HBOC during the period from January 20, 1997, through and including January 12, 1999, (ii) all persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded securities or call options, or who sold put options, of Apex Health Distribution during the period from October 18, 1998 through and including April 27, 1999, and (iii) all persons and entities who held Apex Health Distribution common stock on November 27, 1998 and still held those shares on January 12, 1999. Lead Plaintiff seeks an order appointing three representatives of this proposed class: (i) the Lead Plaintiff; (ii) City of Miami Beach General Employees Retirement Trust; and (iii) an individual investor named Donald Chiert. By agreement of the parties (subject to approval by the Court), the Company will be required to respond to Lead Plaintiff’s motion for class certification by August 22, 2003, and the motion will be scheduled to be heard on October 3, 2003. Apex Health Distribution and HBOC have commenced the production of documents in the Consolidated Action and, pursuant to pretrial orders, merits depositions may begin as early as mid-July 2003. No trial date has been set in the Consolidated Action. On January 11, 2001, Apex Health Distribution filed an action in the Court for the Northern District of California against the Lead Plaintiff in the Consolidated Action individually, and as a representative of a defendant class of former HBOC shareholders who exchanged HBOC shares for Company shares in the January 12, 1999 Merger, Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. v. New York State Common Retirement Fund, Inc. et al. (Case No. C01-20021 RMW) (the “Complaint and Counterclaim”). In the Complaint and Counterclaim, the Company alleges that the exchanged HBOC shares were artificially inflated due to undisclosed accounting improprieties, and that the exchange ratio therefore provided more shares to former HBOC shareholders than would have otherwise been the case. In this action, the Company seeks to recover the “unjust enrichment” received by those HBOC shareholders who exchanged more than 20,000 HBOC shares in the [COMPANY] does not allege any wrongdoing by these shareholders. On January 9, 2002, Judge Whyte dismissed the Complaint and Counterclaim with prejudice. [COMPANY] appealed this ruling to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (“Ninth Circuit”). [COMPANY]’s appeal was heard by the Ninth Circuit on April 8, 2003. The Ninth Circuit has not yet issued an opinion. By order dated February 7, 2000, Judge Whyte coordinated with the Consolidated Action a class action alleging claims under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (commonly known as “ERISA”), Chang v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. C-00-20030 RMW), and a shareholder derivative action that had been filed in the Northern District of California under the caption Cohen v. McCall et al. (Case No. C-99-20916 RMW) with the Consolidated Action. There has been no further significant activity in the Cohen action. By stipulated order dated April 30, 2003, no defendant or nominal defendant is required to respond to the complaint until notified by the plaintiff in writing with thirty days notice or upon further order of the Court. Recent developments in the Chang action are discussed below. 9 Table of [COMPANY] Several individual actions have also been filed in, or transferred to, the Northern District of California. On November 12, 1999, an individual shareholder action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Jacobs v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (C-99-21192 RMW). The Plaintiffs in Jacobs are former HBOC shareholders who acquired their HBOC shares pursuant to a registration statement issued by HBOC prior to the Merger, and then exchanged their HBOC shares for Apex Health Distribution shares in the Merger. Plaintiffs in Jacobs assert claims under federal and state securities laws and a claim for common law fraud. Plaintiffs seek unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. Judge Whyte’s December 22, 1999, order consolidated the Jacobs action with the Consolidated Action. With leave of court, the Jacobs plaintiffs amended their complaint, but the action remains stayed and there has been no discovery, motion practice or other activity in the case. On September 21, 2000 the plaintiffs in Jacobs v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. filed a new individual action entitled Jacobs v. HBO & Company (Case No. C-00-20974 RMW). The Jacobs complaint names only HBOC as a defendant and asserts claims under Sections 11 and 12(2) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and various state law causes of action. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. This action has been assigned to Judge Whyte and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. On December 16, 1999, an individual action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Bea v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al . (Case No. C-00-20072 RMW). Plaintiffs in Bea filed an Amended Complaint on March 9, 2000. Plaintiffs in Bea allege that they acquired the Company’s common stock prior to the Merger and sold that stock after the April 1999 announcement at a loss. The Bea complaint asserts claims under the federal and state securities laws, and a claim for fraud. Plaintiffs seek (i) unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and (ii) reasonable costs and expenses of suit, including attorneys’ fees. Bea is currently stayed and has been consolidated with the Consolidated Action. On January 7, 2000, an individual action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Cater v. Apex Health Distribution et al. (Case No. C-00-20327 RMW). The plaintiff is Terry Cater, a former employee of the Company who alleges that his options and restricted stock were substantially devalued as a result of the Merger and the subsequent drop in the Company’s stock price. Plaintiff in Cater asserts claims under the federal securities laws as well as claims for breach of good faith and fair dealing, fraud and negligent misrepresentation. Plaintiff seeks (i) unspecified special damages in excess of $50,000, (ii) unspecified general damages, (iii) prejudgment interest and (iv) reasonable attorneys’ fees. The case has been assigned to Judge Whyte and the parties have stipulated to a stay pending the outcome of the motions to dismiss in the Consolidated Action. On February 7, 2000, an action entitled Baker v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (Case No. CV 00-0188) was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana. The same plaintiffs then filed a virtually identical parallel action in Louisiana State Court, Rapides Parish, under the caption Baker v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al (filed as Case No. 199018; Case No. CV-00-0522 after removal to federal court). Plaintiffs, former shareholders of [COMPANY], allege claims under the federal securities laws, and claims for breach of fiduciary duty, misrepresentation and detrimental reliance. The state court action was removed to federal court and the two Baker cases have been transferred to the Northern District of California and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. On July 27, 2001, an action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California captioned Pacha, et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (Case No. C01-20713 PVT). The Pacha plaintiffs allege that they were individual stockholders of Apex Health Distribution stock on November 27, 1998, and assert that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC violated Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and that Apex Health Distribution, aided by HBOC, breached its fiduciary duties to plaintiffs by issuing a joint proxy statement in connection with the Merger which allegedly contained false and misleading statements or omissions. Plaintiffs name as defendants Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, Bear Stearns and Arthur Andersen. On November 13, 2001, Judge Whyte ordered Pacha consolidated with the Consolidated Action and stayed all further proceedings. Hess v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. an action filed in state court in Arizona (Case No. C-20003862) on behalf of former shareholders of [COMPANY] (“Ephrata”) who acquired Apex Health Distribution shares in exchange for their Ephrata stock when Apex Health Distribution acquired Ephrata in January 1999, was removed to federal court, transferred to the Northern District of California and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. Judge Whyte also stayed all further proceedings in Hess except for the filing of an amended complaint, which was filed on or about December 15, 2001 (the “Hess Amended Complaint”). The Hess Amended Complaint generally incorporates the allegations and claims asserted in the Consolidated Action and also includes various common law causes of action 10 Table of [COMPANY] relating to Apex Health Distribution’s acquisition of [COMPANY] is not currently required to respond to the Hess Amended Complaint. On June 28, 2001, the Chang plaintiffs filed an amended ERISA class action complaint against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, and The Chase Manhattan Bank (“Chase”). The amended complaint in Chang generally alleges that the defendants breached their ERISA fiduciary duties in connection with administering the Apex Health Distribution HBOC Profit Sharing Investment Plan (the “PSI Plan”) and the HBOC Profit Sharing and Savings Plan (the “HBOC Plan”). Plaintiffs in Chang are former employees of Apex Health Distribution and participants in the PSI Plan, and purportedly seek relief under sections 404-405, 409 and 502 of ERISA on behalf of a class defined to include participants in the PSI Plan, including participants under the HBOC Plan, who maintained an account balance under the PSI Plan as of April 27, 1999, who had not received a distribution from the PSI Plan as of April 27, 1999, and who suffered losses as a result of the alleged breaches of duty. On October 12, 2001, Apex Health Distribution, HBOC and Chase moved to dismiss the Chang action. The outcome of that motion is discussed below. On February 7, 2002, a related ERISA class action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California captioned Adams v. [COMPANY], Inc. et al. (Case No. C-02-06 85 JCS). Plaintiff in Adams filed a first amended complaint on March 15, 2002, against HBOC, Apex Health Distribution, the HBO & Company Board of Directors, HBO & Company Profit Sharing and Savings Plan Administrative Committee, HBO & Company Profit Sharing and Savings Plan Investment Committee, Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. Profit Sharing Investment Plan (as a nominal defendant only), and certain current or former officers, directors or employees of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC. Plaintiff alleges that he was a participant in the HBOC Plan and generally alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their ERISA fiduciary duties to the HBOC Plan and its participants or engaged in transactions prohibited by ERISA. Plaintiff asserts his claims on behalf of a putative class defined to include all participants in the HBOC Plan and their beneficiaries for whose benefit the HBOC Plan acquired HBOC stock from March 31, 1996 to April 1, 1999. Plaintiff seeks (i) a judgment that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their fiduciary duties, (ii) an order requiring defendants to restore to the plan all losses caused by these purported breaches of fiduciary duty, and (iii) reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses. On June 3, 2002, Judge Whyte consolidated the Adams ERISA class action with the Chang ERISA class action. By order dated September 30, 2002 Judge Whyte dismissed the First Amended Complaint in the Chang action. Judge Whyte granted plaintiffs in Chang and Adams 30 days leave to file a consolidated and amended complaint under the caption In re Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. ERISA Litigation (Northern District of California No. C-02-0685 RMW) (the “ERISA Action”). On December 31, 2002, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint (the “CAC”) in the ERISA Action. The CAC generally alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their fiduciary duties under ERISA, and that HBOC engaged in transactions prohibited by ERISA. Plaintiffs further allege that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC are liable under principles of respondeat superior and agency for alleged breaches of fiduciary duties by other defendants. The CAC seeks to have the defendants restore to the HBOC Plan and Apex Health Distribution Plan losses allegedly caused by their alleged breaches of fiduciary duty, equitable relief, attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses. On February 28, 2003, Apex Health Distribution filed a motion to dismiss the CAC and HBOC filed motions to dismiss portions of the CAC. The parties have agreed (subject to approval by the Court) that these motions will be heard on August 29, 2003. State Actions Twenty-four actions have also been filed in various state courts in California, Colorado, Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana and Pennsylvania (the “State Actions”). Like the Consolidated Action, the State Actions generally allege misconduct by Apex Health Distribution or HBOC (and others) in connection with the events leading to Apex Health Distribution’s decision to restate HBOC’s financial statements. Two of the State Actions are derivative actions: Ash, et al. v. McCall, et al. , (Case No. 17132), filed in the Delaware Chancery Court and Mitchell v. McCall et al. (Case. No. 304415), filed in California Superior Court, City and County of Midland, [COMPANY] moved to dismiss both of these actions and to stay the Mitchell action in favor of the earlier filed Ash and Cohen derivative actions. Plaintiffs in Mitchell agreed to defer any action by the court on Apex Health Distribution’s motions pending resolution of Apex Health Distribution’s dismissal motion in Ash. On September 15, 2000, in the Ash case, the Court of Chancery dismissed all causes of action with leave to re-plead certain of the dismissed claims, and on January 22, 2001, the Ash plaintiffs filed a Third Amended Complaint which is presently the subject of Apex Health Distribution’s motion to dismiss. 11 Table of [COMPANY] Five of the State Actions are class actions. Three of these were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery: Derdiger v. Tallman et al. (Civil Action No. 17276), Carroll v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 17454) and Kelly v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Civil Action No. 17282). Two additional actions were filed in the Delaware Superior Court: Edmondson v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 99-951) and Caravetta v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 00C-04-214 WTQ). The Carroll and Kelly actions have been voluntarily dismissed without prejudice. Apex Health Distribution removed Edmondson to federal court in Delaware and filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted by the federal court on March 5, 2002. Apex Health Distribution filed motions to stay the Derdiger and Caravetta actions in favor of proceedings in the federal Consolidated Action, which were granted. On December 20, 2001, the plaintiff in Derdiger moved to vacate the stay of that action. In a series of rulings dated September 9, 2002, October 11, 2002 and October 18, 2002, the court denied plaintiff’s motion to vacate the stay with respect to any class claims but granted plaintiff leave to proceed with his individual claims. Thereafter, the plaintiff filed a motion for partial summary judgment, and the former directors of Access Health, Inc., who are also defendants, filed a motion to dismiss the claims asserted against them. The parties have asked the court to defer consideration of those motions while they pursue settlement discussions. Several of the State Actions are individual actions which have been filed in various state courts. Five of these were filed in the California Superior Court, City and County of Midland, Kansas: Yurick v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 303857), The State of Oregon by and through the Oregon Public Employees Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 307619), Utah State Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311269), Minnesota State Board of Investment v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311747), and Merrill Lynch Fundamental Growth Fund et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. CGC-02-405792). Oregon, Utah, and Minnesota and Merrill Lynch have been consolidated before the Honorable Donald S. Mitchell under the Oregon caption. In Yurick, the trial court sustained Apex Health Distribution’s demurrer to the original complaint without leave to amend with respect to all causes of action except plaintiffs’ claims for common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation, which remain in the case. On December 27, 2002, the Yurick action was assigned to Judge Mitchell, the presiding judge in the Oregon, Minnesota, Utah and Merrill Lynch actions. The Oregon, Utah and Minnesota actions referenced above are individual securities actions filed in the California Superior Court for the City and County of Midland, Kansas by the out-of-state pension funds for each of those States and Colorado. On October 16, 2002, after motion practice to challenge the sufficiency of the complaints in Utah, Minnesota and Oregon, which resulted in the dismissal of a number of claims that had been asserted against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC, and the consolidation of those actions under the caption The State of Oregon Public Employees Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Master File No. 307619), plaintiffs in Oregon, Minnesota and Utah filed a consolidated and amended complaint (the “CAAC”) which consolidated the remaining claims in those actions. On October 11, 2002, plaintiffs in Merrill Lynch filed an amended complaint in the Merrill Lynch action. On March 13, 2003, Judge Mitchell overruled Apex Health Distribution’s and HBOC’s demurrers to and motions to strike the CAAC in Oregon, Minnesota and Utah. On the same date, Judge Mitchell sustained in part and overruled in part Apex Health Distribution and HBOC’s demurrers, and denied Apex Health Distribution and HBOC’s motions to strike the amended complaint in Merrill Lynch. Following those orders, the following claims remain against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC in the consolidated Oregon action: (i) under California law, for violation of California Corporations Code § 25000/25400, for violation of California Business and Professions Code § 17200 (against HBOC only), and for common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation, and (ii) under Georgia law, claims for conspiracy under Georgia’s RICO statute, and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy, and aiding and abetting. Following the Court’s March 13, 2003, orders, the following claims remain against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC in the Merrill Lynch action: (i) under California law, for violation of California Corporations Code § 25000/25400, for violation of California Business and Professions Code § 17200 (against HBOC only), and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy and aiding and abetting, (ii) under New Jersey law, for conspiracy to violate New Jersey’s RICO statute (HBOC only), and (iii) under Georgia law, for violation of Georgia’s securities laws. The Court’s March 13, 2003, orders also gave the Merrill Lynch plaintiffs leave to amend their previously-asserted claims against Apex Health Distribution for violation of New Jersey’s RICO statute and against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC for conspiracy to violate New Jersey’s and Georgia’s RICO statutes. On April 8, 2003, the Merrill Lynch plaintiffs moved for reconsideration of certain of Judge Mitchell’s March 13, 2003, orders, including certain orders sustaining demurrers by Apex Health Distribution and [COMPANY] nor HBOC is obligated to answer the CAAC or the complaint in the Merrill Lynch action until after the court rules on the Merrill Lynch plaintiffs’ motion for reconsideration. 12 Table of [COMPANY] Several individual actions have been filed in various state courts outside of California. Several of these cases have been filed in Georgia state courts. On December 9, 1999, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Gwinnett County, under the caption Adler v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 99-C-7980-3). Plaintiff in Adler, a former HBOC shareholder, asserted claims for common law fraud and fraudulent conveyance. The Adler action named as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. Plaintiff sought damages in excess of $43 million, as well as punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. The case was settled following discovery, and plaintiff filed a Dismissal with Prejudice on July 17, 2002. On October 24, 2000, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned [COMPANY] Limited Partnership et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 00VS010469A). Plaintiffs in the Suffolk action allegedly purchased the Company’s common stock after the Merger but before the April 1999 announcement. Plaintiffs assert claims under Georgia’s securities and racketeering laws, and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy, and aiding and abetting. The Suffolk action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, and certain of the Company’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and Arthur Andersen. Like the Consolidated Action, the claims in the Suffolk action generally arise out of the January 12, 1999 Merger, and the Company’s announcement of the need to restate its financial statements. Plaintiffs seek (i) compensatory damages of approximately $21.8 million, as well as general, rescissory, special, punitive, exemplary, and with respect to certain causes of action, treble damages, and (ii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees. [COMPANY] and HBOC separately answered the complaint on January 9, 2001. [COMPANY] and HBOC moved for an order staying the Suffolk action in favor of the Consolidated Action on January 10, 2001. On August 2, 2001, the Court granted the motions to stay. Subsequently, however, in May 2003, the Court lifted the stay and directed the parties to coordinate discovery with that in the Consolidated Action and several other actions. [COMPANY]’s motion for judgment on the pleadings is set for hearing on June 18, 2003. On November 1, 2000, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned [COMPANY], L.P. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 00 VS 010801). Plaintiff in the Curran action allegedly purchased the Company’s common stock after the Merger but before the April 1999 announcement. The claims in the Curran action are identical to the claims in the Suffolk action. Plaintiff seeks (i) compensatory damages of approximately $2.6 million, as well as general, rescissory, special, punitive, exemplary, and with respect to certain causes of action, treble damages, and (ii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees. The Curran action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, and certain of the Company’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and [COMPANY] and HBOC separately answered the Complaint on January 9, 2001. [COMPANY] and HBOC moved for an order staying the Curran action in favor of the Consolidated Action on January 10, 2001. The Court granted the motions to stay on August 22, 2001. On December 12, 2001, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned Drake v. [COMPANY]., et al. (Case No. 01VS026303A). Plaintiff in Drake is a former HBOC employee seeking lost commissions as well as asserting claims under Georgia’s securities and racketeering laws, and various common law causes of action. Plaintiff seeks (i) approximately $300,000 in unpaid commissions, (ii) unspecified compensatory, consequential, actual, exemplary, and punitive damages, and (iii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ fees. The Drake action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. The parties entered into a Consent Order for Partial Stay on February 27, 2002, which stayed Plaintiff’s Georgia securities law, fraud and RICO claims. On March 4, 2002, Apex Health Distribution and [COMPANY]. separately filed their answers. The case is in the discovery stage and is proceeding on the plaintiff’s claims for unpaid commissions. Two similar Georgia actions have been consolidated for purposes of discovery and may be consolidated for purposes of trial. On January 31, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia Superior Court, Fulton County, under the caption Holcombe T. Green and [COMPANY]. v. Apex Health Distribution, Inc. et al. (Case No. 2002-CV-48407). Plaintiffs in the Green action are former HBOC shareholders. Plaintiff Holcombe Green was also a former officer, chairman and director of HBOC. On February 6, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia Superior Court, Fulton County, under the caption [COMPANY], L.P. v. Apex Health Distribution, Inc. et al. (Case No. 2002-CV-48612). Plaintiff in the Hall action is a former HBOC shareholder. One of the limited partners of the Hall Plaintiff is Nancy Hall Green, the wife of Holcombe Green. The complaints in the Green and Hall actions are substantially identical. In each action, Plaintiffs asserted claims for common law fraud and fraudulent conveyance and named as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. In each action, plaintiffs seek compensatory damages in excess of $100 million, as well as unspecified general, special and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ 13 Table of [COMPANY] fees. [COMPANY] and HBOC filed their respective answers and counterclaims on April 22, 2002. HBOC also filed a third party complaint against Holcombe Green for indemnification. [COMPANY] and HBOC also filed motions to stay and dismiss. The court denied the motions to stay, and partially granted the motions to dismiss, dismissing Plaintiffs’ claims for fraudulent conveyance. Plaintiffs moved to dismiss the counterclaims filed by the Company and HBOC, and the Court denied those motions. Discovery is under way and will proceed for some time. On May 8, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, under the caption James Gilbert v. Apex Health Distribution, et al. (Case No. 02VS032502C). Plaintiff, formerly the general counsel of HBOC, alleges he was a holder of options to purchase shares of the Company’s stock. The action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. Plaintiff seeks compensatory damages of approximately $2 million, as well as unspecified general, special and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. On June 24, 2002, the Company and HBOC filed their respective answers, motions to stay, and motions to dismiss. On November 26, 2002, the court granted the motions to stay, and this case is stayed until final disposition of the Consolidated Action. On September 28, 1999, an action was filed in the Delaware Superior Court under the caption Kelly v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et. al. (Civil Action No. 99C-09-265 WCC). Plaintiffs in Kelly are former shareholders of KWS&P, Inc. and KWS&P/SFA, Inc., which companies were acquired by Apex Health Distribution in 1999. The plaintiffs assert claims under the federal securities laws as well as claims for breach of contract. On January 17, 2002, the court denied Apex Health Distribution’s motion to dismiss and denied the plaintiffs’ motion for partial summary judgment, while granting motions to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction that were filed by certain former officers and directors of Apex Health Distribution and HBOC. As of May 30, 2003, the parties have agreed to a settlement of this action, and the case will be dismissed with prejudice. The United States Attorney’s Office (“USAO”) and the SEC are conducting investigations into the matters leading to the restatement. On May 15, 2000, the USAO filed a one-count information against former HBOC officer, Dominick DeRosa, charging Mr. DeRosa with aiding and abetting securities fraud, and on May 15, 2000, Mr. DeRosa entered a guilty plea to that charge. On September 28, 2000, an indictment was unsealed in the Northern District of California against former HBOC officer, Jay P. Gilbertson, and former Company and HBOC officer, Albert J. Bergonzi, United States v. Bergonzi, et al. (Case No. CR-00-0505). On that same date, a civil complaint was filed by the SEC against [EXECUTIVE], [EXECUTIVE] and Mr. DeRosa Securities and Exchange Commission v. Gilbertson, et al. (Case No. C-00-3570). Mr. DeRosa has settled with the SEC without admitting or denying the substantive allegations of the complaint. On January 10, 2001, the grand jury returned a superseding indictment in the Northern District of California against Messrs. Gilbertson and Bergonzi United States v. Bergonzi, et al. (Case No. CR-00-0505) and on June 4, 2003, a second superseding indictment was unsealed which added new charges against [EXECUTIVE] and which also charged both former Chairman of the Board of HBOC and the Company, Charles W. McCall, and former HBOC General Counsel, Jay Lapine, with various securities law violations. Also on June 4, 2003, the USAO announced the filing of agreements with Messrs. Gilbertson, DeRosa and former Senior Vice President for Finance, Timothy Heyerdahl to plead guilty to various securities law violations (Case Nos. CR-00-0505, CR-00-0213 and CR-01-0002, respectively). On September 27, 2001, the SEC filed securities fraud charges against six former HBOC officers and employees including Messrs. Heyerdahl and Lapine. Simultaneous with the filing of the Commission’s civil complaints, four of the six defendants settled the claims brought against them by, among other things, consenting, without admitting or denying the allegations of the complaints, to entry of permanent injunctions against all of the alleged violations, and agreed to pay civil penalties in various amounts. On June 4, 2003, the SEC filed a civil complaint against Mr. McCall for various securities law violations (Case No. C-03-2603). On January 3, 2002, the Company was notified in writing by the SEC that its investigation has been terminated as to the Company, and that no enforcement action has been recommended to the Commission. We do not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of the accounting litigation proceedings, or to estimate the amounts of, or potential range of, loss with respect to those proceedings. In addition, the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company, which could have a material adverse impact on Apex Health Distribution’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. II. Other Litigation and Claims In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for product liability and other damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. These include: 14 Table of [COMPANY] Product Liability Litigation and Other Claims Our subsidiary, Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical, Inc., is one of many defendants in approximately 110 cases in which plaintiffs claim that they were injured due to exposure, over many years, to latex proteins in gloves manufactured by numerous manufacturers and distributed by a number of distributors, including Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical. Efforts to resolve tenders of defense to its suppliers are continuing and final agreements have been reached with two major suppliers. Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical, Inc.’s insurers are providing coverage for these cases, subject to applicable deductibles. We, along with more than 100 other companies, have been named in a lawsuit brought in 2000 by the Lemelson Medical, Educational & Research Foundation (“the Foundation”) alleging that we and our subsidiaries are infringing seven U.S. patents relating to common bar code scanning technology and its use for the automated management and control of product inventory, warehousing, distribution and point-of-sale transactions. Due to the pendency of earlier litigation brought against the Foundation by the manufacturers of bar code devices attacking the validity of the patents at issue, the court stayed the suit against us until the conclusion of the earlier case, including any appeals that may be taken. The trial in this earlier case concluded in January 2003 and the parties are awaiting the decision. An appeal is anticipated regardless of the outcome. While the suit against us was stayed, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office granted petitions for reexamination of three of the seven patents asserted by the Foundation against us. The reexamination will determine, among other things, whether these patents have expired. Each of the remaining four patents in the action has already expired by its own terms, or by the Foundation’s disclaiming the remaining portion of the patent’s life. We, through our former [COMPANY] division (the “Former Division”), have been named a defendant in 52 cases filed in state courts in Mississippi as a result of the Former Division’s alleged distribution of asbestos. These cases typically involve multiple plaintiffs claiming personal injuries and unspecified compensatory and punitive damages against numerous defendants arising from the plaintiffs’ alleged exposure to asbestos-containing materials. Pursuant to an indemnification agreement entered into at the time of the 1986 sale of [COMPANY] to what is now called [COMPANY]. (“Univar”), we have tendered each of these actions to Univar. Univar is currently defending us but has raised questions concerning the extent of its obligations under the indemnification agreement. Discussions with Univar on that subject are ongoing. Apex Health Distribution has not paid or incurred any costs or expenses in connection with these actions to date; and the Company continues to look to Univar for defense and full indemnification of these claims. In addition, Apex Health Distribution believes that, if necessary, a portion of these claims would be covered by insurance. The United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Illinois is conducting an industry-wide civil and criminal investigation into the marketing, sale and Medicare reimbursement of enteral nutritional products (“Products”) and has indicated that the Company and two of our employees are subjects of the investigation. The Products are sold, and the individuals are employed by the extended care business conducted by [COMPANY]., an indirect subsidiary of the Company. We are cooperating with the investigation and responding to subpoenas which have been issued to the Company. Environmental Matters Primarily as a result of the operation of our former chemical businesses, which were fully divested by 1987, we are involved in various matters pursuant to environmental laws and regulations. We have received claims and demands from governmental agencies relating to investigative and remedial action purportedly required to address environmental conditions alleged to exist at five sites where we, or entities acquired by us, formerly conducted operations; and we, by administrative order or otherwise, have agreed to take certain actions at those sites, including soil and groundwater remediation. Based on a determination by our environmental staff, in consultation with outside environmental specialists and counsel, the current estimate of reasonably possible remediation costs for these five sites is approximately $12 million, net of approximately $2 million that third parties have agreed to pay in settlement or we expect, based either on agreements or nonrefundable contributions which are ongoing, to be contributed by third parties. The $12 million is expected to be paid out between April 2003 and March 2028. Our liability for these environmental matters has been accrued in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we have been designated as a potentially responsible party, or PRP, under the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the “Superfund” law or its state law 15 Table of [COMPANY] equivalent) for environmental assessment and cleanup costs as the result of our alleged disposal of hazardous substances at 22 sites. With respect to each of these sites, numerous other PRPs have similarly been designated and, while the current state of the law potentially imposes joint and several liability upon PRPs, as a practical matter costs of these sites are typically shared with other PRPs. Our estimated liability at those 22 sites is approximately $1.3 million. The aggregate settlements and costs paid by us in Superfund matters to date have not been significant. The accompanying consolidated balance sheets include this environmental liability. The potential costs to us related to environmental matters are uncertain due to such factors as: the unknown magnitude of possible pollution and cleanup costs; the complexity and evolving nature of governmental laws and regulations and their interpretations; the timing, varying costs and effectiveness of alternative cleanup technologies; the determination of our liability in proportions to other PRPs; and the extent, if any, to which such costs are recoverable from insurance or other parties. While it is not possible at this time to determine with certainty the ultimate outcome of any of the litigation or governmental proceedings discussed under this section II, “Other Litigation and Claims,” we believe, based on current knowledge and the advice of our counsel that such litigation and proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the three months ended March 31, 2003. Executive Officers of the Registrant The following table sets forth information regarding the executive officers of the Company, including their principal occupations during the past five years. The number of years of service with the Company includes service with predecessor companies. There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers or directors of the Company. The executive officers are chosen annually to serve until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and have qualified, or until death, resignation or removal, whichever is sooner. Name Age Position with Registrant and Business Experience William Harrington 44 Chairman of the Board since July 31, 2002; President and Chief Executive Officer since April 1, 2001; Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer from July 1999 to April 1, 2001 and a director since July 1999. Formerly Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer of the [COMPANY] Business (January-July 1999); Group President, [COMPANY] (1997-1999) and Vice President of the Company since 1996. Service with the Company – 7 years. William R. Graber 60 Senior Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer since March 2000; Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer, [COMPANY] (1993-1999). Service with the Company – 3 years. Paul C. Julian 47 Senior Vice President since August 1999, and President of the [COMPANY] Business since March 2000; Group President, Apex Health Distribution General Medical (1997-2000); Executive Vice President, [COMPANY] (1996-1997). Service with the Company – 7 years. Graham O. King 63 Senior Vice President and President, [COMPANY] Business since July 1999. Group President, [COMPANY], HBOC (1998-1999); Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, U.S. Servis, Inc. (1994-1998). Service with the Company – 4 years. 16 Table of [COMPANY] Name Age Position with Registrant and Business Experience Paul E. Kirincic 52 Senior Vice President – Human Resources since January 2001; Vice President, Human Resources, Consumer Health Sector, Warner Lambert (1998-2001); Vice President, Human Resources, Whirlpool Europe, [COMPANY] (1996-1998). Service with the Company – 2 years. Ivan D. Meyerson 58 Corporate Secretary since April 1999, and Senior Vice President and General Counsel since January 1999; Vice President and General Counsel (1987-January 1999). Service with the Company – 25 years. Marc E. Owen 43 Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development since October 2001; consultant to the Company April 2001-September 2001, when he joined the Company; President and CEO, MindCrossing (April-November 2000); Senior Partner, McKinsey and Company (1987-2000). Service with the Company – 1 year, 7 months. Cheryl T. Smith 51 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer since October 2002; Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, [COMPANY] and President, [COMPANY], Inc. (1998-August 2002); Vice President, IS – [COMPANY], Verizon, Inc. (1994-1998). Service with the Company – 7 months. PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters (a) Market Information: The principal market on which the Company’s common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange. The Company’s common stock is also traded on the Pacific Exchange, Inc. High and low prices for the common stock by quarter are included in Financial Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, “[COMPANY] Information (Unaudited),” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (b) Holders: The number of record holders of the Company’s common stock at March 31, 2003 was approximately 12,800. (c) Dividends: Dividend information is included in Financial Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, “[COMPANY] Information (Unaudited),” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 6. [COMPANY] Data Selected financial data is presented in the Five-Year Highlights of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and [COMPANY]’s discussion and analysis of the Company’s results of operations and financial condition are presented in the Financial Review section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Information required by this item is included in the Financial Review section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 8. Financial Statements and [COMPANY] Statements and Supplementary Data are included as separate sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Item 15. 17 Table of [COMPANY] Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Information with respect to Directors of the Company is incorporated by reference from the Company’s 2003 Proxy Statement (the “Proxy Statement”). Certain information relating to Executive Officers of the Company appears in Item 4 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information with respect to this item required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information with respect to this item is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information about security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement. The following table sets forth information as of March 31, 2003 with respect to the plans under which the Company’s common stock is authorized for issuance: (a) (b) (c) Number of securities remaining available for Number of securities future issuance under to be issued upon Weighted-average equity compensation exercise of exercise price of plans (excluding outstanding options, outstanding options, securities reflected in Plan category warrants and rights warrants and rights column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 21,916,456 $ 48.80 14,491,250 (2) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (3),(4) 37,351,337 $ 34.35 14,730,117 Total 59,267,793 $ 39.69 29,221,367 (1) Includes the 1973 Stock Purchase Plan, the 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, the 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). (2) Includes 6,290,950 shares which remained available for purchase under the ESPP at March 31, 2003. On April 30, 2003 a purchase of shares occurred on behalf of participants reducing the number of shares available under the ESPP to 5,662,308. (3) Includes the broad-based 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, the 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan, the 1999 Executive Stock Purchase Plan, a small assumed sharesave scheme (similar to the ESPP) in the United Kingdom (the “U.K. Sharesave Scheme”) and two stock option plans. (4) As a result of acquisitions, the Company currently has 20 assumed option plans under which options are exercisable for 4,670,996 shares of Company common stock. No further awards will be made under any of the assumed plans and information regarding the assumed options is not included in the table above. 18 Table of [COMPANY] The following are descriptions of equity plans that have been approved by the Company’s stockholders. The plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, except for the Directors’ Plan (defined below) which is administered by the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance. 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the “1994 Plan”) : The 1994 Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors in 1994 and provides for the grant of approximately 41.2 million shares, which includes awards granted under predecessor plans, in the form of nonqualified stock options or incentive stock options (“ISOs”), as defined under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (“the Code”), with or without tandem stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), or restricted stock. Options granted under the 1994 Plan are generally subject to the same terms and conditions as those granted under the 1999 Plan, discussed below, except that under the 1994 Plan only executive officers of the Company are eligible to receive option grants. 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan (the “Directors’ Plan”) : The Directors’ Plan was adopted in 1997 and provides for the grant of approximately 1.3 million shares in the form of nonqualified stock options or restricted stock units to non-employee directors of the Company. Shares subject to option grants which cease to be exercisable shall not be counted against the number of shares available under the Directors’ Plan. Restricted stock units (described below), whether or not distributed in the form of restricted stock, will be counted against the number of shares available. Under the Director’s Plan, each director receives an annual stock option grant (“Annual Grants”) of 7,500 option shares. In addition, each director is required to defer 50% of his or her annual retainer into either Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) or nonqualified stock options (“Retainer Options”), and may also elect to defer the remaining 50% of the annual retainer into RSUs or Retainer Options or the Company’s deferred compensation administration plan (DCAP II), or may elect to receive cash. Meeting fees and Committee Chair annual retainers may be deferred into RSUs or DCAP II or may be paid in cash. Both Annual Grants and Retainer Options are granted at not less than fair market value on the date of grant. The number of Retainer Options granted or RSU’s credited is determined based on defined formulas. Both Annual Grants and Retainer Options have a term of ten years. Retainer Options granted prior to May 29, 2002 and all Annual Grants fully vest one year from date of grant. Retainer Options granted on or after May 29, 2002 are immediately vested upon grant. Each RSU entitles the holder, upon distribution, to receive one share of common stock or a cash payment equal to either the fair market value of one share of common stock. RSUs terminate upon the occurrence of a change of control, whereby common stock to be issued in respect of all RSUs will be immediately distributed. 1973 Stock Purchase Plan (the “SPP”): The SPP was adopted by the stockholders of the Company’s predecessor in 1973. [COMPANY]’s stockholders approved an additional 2.5 million shares to be issued under the SPP in 1999, which remain available for issuance under the SPP. Rights to purchase shares are granted under the SPP to key employees of the Company as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board. Members of the Committee are not eligible to receive awards under the SPP. The purchase price to be paid in cash or using promissory notes of the Company common stock subject to rights granted under the SPP is the fair market value of such stock on the date the right is exercised. 2000 ESPP: The ESPP is intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” within the meaning of Section 423 of the Code. In March 2002, the Board amended the ESPP to allow for participation in the plan by employees of certain of the Company’s international and other subsidiaries. As to those employees, the ESPP does not so qualify. Currently, 11.1 million shares have been authorized for issuance under the ESPP. The ESPP is implemented through a continuous series of 24-month offerings beginning on the first trading day on or after each May 1 and November 1 (the “Offering Dates”) and ending on the last trading day of the month which is 24 months later (the “Offering Periods”) and six-month periods beginning on each May 1 and November 1 and ending on the following October 31 and April 30, during which contributions may be made toward the purchase of common stock under the plan (“Purchase Periods”). Each eligible employee may elect, at least ten days prior to any Offering Date, to authorize regular payroll deductions during the next succeeding Purchase Period, the amount of which may not exceed 15% of a participant’s compensation. At the end of each Purchase Period, the funds withheld by each participant will be used to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock. The purchase price of each share of the Company’s common stock will be the lesser of (i) 85% of the fair market value of such share on the first day of the Offering Period; or (ii) 85% of the fair market value of such share on the last day of the applicable Purchase Period. In general, the maximum number 19 Table of [COMPANY] of shares of common stock that may be purchased by a participant for each Purchase Period is determined by dividing $12,500 by the fair market value of one share of common stock on the Offering Date. The following are descriptions of equity plans that have not been submitted for approval by the Company’s stockholders: 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the “Plan ”): The Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors in 1999. The Plan provides for the grant of 45.2 million shares in the form of nonqualified stock options, with or without SARs or restricted stock. Shares subject to option grants which cease to be exercisable continue to be available for subsequent option grants. Options may be granted under the Plan to eligible employees of the Company. No executive officers or directors participate in this Plan. Options are granted at not less than fair market value and have a term of ten years. Options generally become exercisable in four equal annual installments beginning one year after the grant date, or after four years from the date of grant. Restricted stock granted under the Plan contains certain restrictions on transferability and may not be transferred until such restrictions lapse. Such shares will be forfeited if the grantee’s continuous employment with the Company is terminated (except as provided in the Plan or in the agreement evidencing the restricted stock award) prior to the lapsing of the restrictions (generally two to four years) or if performance goals set forth as a condition to the lapsing of restrictions has not been attained. Grantees may elect to use stock to satisfy any withholding tax obligation upon the lapsing of restrictions on restricted stock awards. Both options and restricted stock awards are subject to special rules regarding forfeiture in situations when a participant engages in actions specified as being detrimental to the Company. The Plan also provides that outstanding options become immediately exercisable and the restrictions on restricted stock awards immediately lapse upon the occurrence of a change of control of the Company. 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan (the “Canadian Plan”): The Canadian Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors in January 1998, following the Company’s acquisition of a Canadian company, to provide nonqualified stock options, with or without tandem SARs, to eligible employees of the Canadian company. The Canadian Plan has subsequently been amended to allow for the grant of stock options to employees of any of the Company’s Canadian subsidiaries. A total of 0.9 million shares have been authorized for issuance under the Canadian Plan. Options granted under the Canadian Plan are generally subject to the same terms and conditions as those granted under the 1999 Plan, discussed above, except that (i) options may be granted for less than the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant, and (ii) all options will become immediately exercisable upon an employee’s disability or death and must be exercised within three years of such date. Stock Option Plans Adopted in January 1999 and August 1999 : On January 27, 1999 and August 25, 1999 the Board of Directors adopted certain stock option plans (the “January 1999 Plan” and the “August 1999 Plan”, or together the “Plans”) to provide stock options to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock to eligible employees of the Company. A maximum of 5.2 million and 5.8 million shares of common stock were authorized for issuance under the January 1999 and August 1999 Plans. In each case the Plans state that: (i) under each of the Plans no single officer or director of the Company or any subsidiary could acquire more than 1% of the Company’s common stock outstanding at the time the Plans were adopted, and (ii) each of the Plans, together with all stock option or purchase plans, or any other arrangements pursuant to which officers or directors of the Company may acquire common stock (other than stock plans for which stockholder approval is not required under Section 312.03 of the NYSE Rules), does not authorize the issuance of more than 5% of the Company’s common stock outstanding at the time the Plans were adopted (collectively the “NYSE Limits”). Options were granted under each of the Plans to eligible employees of the Company. No further grants will be made from either of the Plans. Options are granted at not less than fair market value and have a term of ten years. Under the January 1999 Plan, the option generally becomes exercisable over four years, with the first 50% occurring two years following grant, and 25% each vesting on the third and fourth anniversary of the grant date. Under the August 1999 Plan, options generally become exercisable in four equal annual installments beginning one year after the grant date, or after four years from the date of grant. The Plans provide that outstanding options become fully vested and immediately exercisable upon the occurrence of the optionee’s death, long-term disability, retirement (subject to certain conditions) or a change of control of the Company. In addition, awards made under the Plans are subject to special rules regarding forfeiture in situations when a participant engages in actions deemed to be detrimental to the Company, as specified in the Statement of Terms & Conditions for the Plans. 20 Table of [COMPANY] Restricted Stock Plan Adopted in January 2000 (the “January 2000 Plan”) : On January 31, 2000 the Board of Directors adopted the January 2000 Plan, a restricted stock plan, to make grants of restricted stock to eligible employees of the Company. A maximum of 0.5 million shares of common stock was authorized for issuance under the January 2000 Plan. No further grants will be made from the January 2000 Plan. Restricted stock granted under the January 2000 Plan contain certain restrictions on transferability and may not be transferred until such restrictions lapse (generally four years). Such shares will be forfeited if the grantee’s continuous employment with the Company is terminated, except as provided in the Plan or in the agreement evidencing the restricted stock, prior to the lapsing of the restrictions. If a grantee’s employment with the Company terminates as a result of his or her death, disability or retirement (subject to certain conditions), the restrictions on restricted stock awards shall lapse upon the date of such termination. In addition, awards under the January 2000 Plan are subject to special rules regarding forfeiture in situations when a participant engages in actions specified as being detrimental to the Company. 1999 Executive Stock Purchase Plan (the “1999 SPP”): The 1999 SPP was adopted by the Board of Directors in February 1999. The 1999 SPP provided for the grant of rights to purchase a maximum of 0.7 million shares of common stock subject to the NYSE Limits. No further grants will be made from the 1999 SPP. Rights to purchase shares were granted under the 1999 SPP to eligible employees of the Company. Non-employee directors were not permitted to participate in the Plan. The purchase price to be paid in cash or using promissory notes of the Company common stock subject to rights granted under the 1999 SPP was equal to the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date the right was exercised (which was the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the NYSE). Purchases were evidenced by written stock purchase agreements which provide for the payment of the purchase price by (i) payment in cash, or (ii) a promissory note payable on a repayment schedule determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, or (iii) a combination of (i) and (ii). HBOC 1994 UK Sharesave Scheme (the “1994 Scheme”): In connection with the acquisition by the Company of HBOC, we assumed the HBOC 1994 Scheme which is similar to the ESPP, under which 228,108 shares remain available for issuance. Employees and previous directors of HBOC and its subsidiaries, who are residents of the United Kingdom, are eligible to receive options under the 1994 Scheme. The exercise price of the stock covered by each option shall not be less than 85% of the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date the option is granted. Participants under the 1994 Scheme pay for options through monthly contributions, subject to minimum and maximum monthly limits. If, after three years from the date an option was granted to a participant, the participant is terminated by reason of his or her death, disability, retirement, change of control or any other reason other than for cause, the participant may exercise the option for a period of three years. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Information with respect to certain transactions with management is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement. Additional information regarding related party transactions is included in the Financial Review section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Financial Note 20, “Related Party Balances and Transactions,” to the consolidated financial statements. Item 14. Controls and Procedures Within the 90-day period prior to the filing of this report, the Company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and [COMPANY] Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures. [COMPANY]’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that it records, processes, summarizes and reports in a timely manner the information the Company must disclose in its reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and [COMPANY] Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the date of that evaluation. In addition, there have been no significant changes in the Company’s internal controls, or in factors that could significantly affect internal controls, subsequent to the date the Company’s management completed their evaluation. It should be noted that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. As a result, there can be no assurance that a control system will succeed in preventing all possible instances of error and fraud. 21 Table of [COMPANY] PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule, and Reports on Form 8-K (a) Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedule and [COMPANY] Statements and Independent Auditors’ Report: See “Index to [COMPANY] Information” 31 [COMPANY] Statement Schedule— Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 26 Financial statements and schedules not included have been omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information, where material, is shown in the financial statements, financial notes or supplementary financial information. Exhibits: Exhibits submitted with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC and those incorporated by reference to other filings are listed on the Exhibit Index 27 (b) Reports on Form 8-K There were no reports on Form 8-K filed during the three months ended March 31, 2003. The following report on Form 8-K was filed during the period between April 1, 2003 and the date of this filing: Form 8-K dated and filed April 29, 2003 relating to a press release announcing the Company’s preliminary results for its fourth quarter and fiscal year ended March 31, 2003. 22 Table of [COMPANY] SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant had duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Apex Health Distribution Dated: June 5, 2003 By /s/ William R. Graber William R. Graber Senior Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer Pursuant on behalf of the Registrant and to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated: * William Harrington Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) * Marie L. Knowles, Director * William R. Graber Senior Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer ([COMPANY] Officer) * Robert W. Matschullat, Director * Nigel A. Rees Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) * James V. Napier, Director * Tully M. Friedman, Director * Carl E. Reichardt, Director * Alton F. Irby III, Director * Jane E. Shaw, Director * M. Christine Jacobs, Director * Richard F. Syron, Director /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson Ivan D. Meyerson Attorney-in-Fact Dated: June 5, 2003 23 Table of [COMPANY] CERTIFICATION I, William Harrington, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apex Health Distribution (the “Registrant”); 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. The Registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a — 14 and 15d — 14) for the Registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; (b) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this annual report (the “Evaluation Date”); and (c) presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date; 5. The Registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the Registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant’s board of directors: (a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the Registrant’s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant’s internal controls; and 6. The Registrant’s other certifying officer and I have indicated in this annual report whether there were significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. Date: June 5, 2003 /s/ William Harrington William Harrington Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 24 Table of [COMPANY] CERTIFICATION I, William R. Graber, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apex Health Distribution (the “Registrant”); 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. The Registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a — 14 and 15d — 14) for the Registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; (b) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this annual report (the “Evaluation Date”); and (c) presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date; 5. The Registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the Registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant’s board of directors: (a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the Registrant’s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant’s internal controls; and 6. The Registrant’s other certifying officer and I have indicated in this annual report whether there were significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. Date: June 5, 2003 /s/ William R. Graber William R. Graber Senior Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer 25 Table of [COMPANY] SCHEDULE II SUPPLEMENTARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS For the Years Ended March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 (In millions) Additions Balance at Charged to Deductions Beginning of Costs and Charged to From Allowance Balance at End Description Year Expenses Other Accounts Accounts (1) of Year (2) Year Ended March 31, 2003 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 289.3 $ 68.7 $ 4.2 $ (101.1 ) (3) $ 261.1 Other allowances 30.0 13.4 0.2 (14.6 ) 29.0 $ 319.3 $ 82.1 $ 4.4 $ (115.7 ) $ 290.1 Year Ended March 31, 2002 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 384.1 $ 61.7 $ 3.6 $ (160.1 ) $ 289.3 Other allowances 36.6 4.8 — (11.4 ) 30.0 $ 420.7 $ 66.5 $ 3.6 $ (171.5 ) $ 319.3 Year Ended March 31, 2001 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 236.5 $ 240.0 (3) $ 9.1 $ (101.5 ) $ 384.1 Other allowances 39.0 8.4 — (10.8 ) 36.6 $ 275.5 $ 248.4 $ 9.1 $ (112.3 ) $ 420.7 2003 2002 2001 (1) Deductions: Written off $ 88.1 $ 171.5 $ 108.7 Credited to other accounts 27.6 — 3.6 Total $ 115.7 $ 171.5 $ 112.3 (2) Amounts shown as deductions from: Current receivables $ 285.4 $ 319.3 $ 420.1 Notes receivable and other assets 4.7 — 0.6 Total $ 290.1 $ 319.3 $ 420.7 (3) Includes $22.3 million reversal of the allowance to income in 2003 and charges of $161.1 million in 2001 for customer settlements within our [COMPANY] segment. 26 Table of [COMPANY] EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibits identified in parentheses below are on file with the Commission and are incorporated by reference as exhibits hereto. Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 17, 1998, by and among the Company, Apex Health Distribution Merger Sub, Inc. (“Merger Sub”) and HBOC (“Merger Agreement”) (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4, No. 333-67299, filed on November 27, 1998). 2.2 Amendment Agreement dated as of November 9, 1998, to Merger Agreement (Exhibit 2.2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4, No. 333-67299 filed on November 27, 1998). 2.3 Second Amendment Agreement to Merger Agreement dated as of November 9, 1998 (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 14, 1999). 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on August 1, 2002 (Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, File No. 1-13252). 3.2 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 9, 2001 (Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, File No. 1-13252). 3.3 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company dated as of July 31, 2002 (Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2002, File No. 1-13252). 4.1 Rights Agreement dated as of October 21, 1994 between the Company and [COMPANY] of New York, as Rights Agent (Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on October 27, 1994). 4.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Rights Agreement dated as of October 19, 1998 (Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998, File No. 1-13252). 4.3 Indenture, dated as of March 11, 1997, between the Company, as Issuer, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1997, File No. 1-13252). 4.4 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Apex Health Distribution Financing Trust, dated as of February 20, 1997, among the Company, The First National Bank of Chicago, as Institutional Trustee, First Chicago, Inc., as Delaware Trustee and the Regular Trustees (Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No. 333-26433, filed on June 18, 1997). 4.5 Apex Health Distribution Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement, dated as of February 20, 1997, between the Company, as Guarantor, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Preferred Guarantor (Exhibit 4.7 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration No. 333-26433, filed on May 2, 1997). 4.6 Indenture, dated as of January 29, 2002, between the Company, as Issuer and the Bank of New York, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.6 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, File No. 1-3252). 4.7 7.75% Notes due 2012 (Exhibit 4.7 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, File No 1-3252). 10.1 Apex Health Distribution 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, as amended through July 31, 2001 (Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, File No 1-13252). 10.2 Apex Health Distribution 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, as amended through July 31, 2002. 10.3 Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to certain Stock Options granted on August 16, 1999 (Exhibit 10.38 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.4 Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to certain Restricted Stock granted on January 31, 2000 (Exhibit 10.39 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 27 Table of [COMPANY] Exhibit Number Description 10.5 Apex Health Distribution 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan, as amended through October 25, 2002. 10.6 Apex Health Distribution Restated Supplemental PSIP. 10.7 Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan, amended as of January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.8 Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.9 Apex Health Distribution 1994 Option Gain Deferral Plan, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.10 Apex Health Distribution Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.11 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.11 Apex Health Distribution 1985 Executives’ Elective Deferred Compensation Plan, amended as of January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.12 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.12 [COMPANY] Deferred Compensation Plan, amended as of January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.13 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.13 Apex Health Distribution 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan, as amended through January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.14 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.14 Apex Health Distribution 1988 Executive Survivor Benefits Plan, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.15 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.15 Apex Health Distribution Executive Medical Plan Summary (Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.16 Apex Health Distribution Severance Policy for Executive Employees, as amended through January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.17 [COMPANY] Incentive Plan, as amended through July 26, 2000 (Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, File No 1-13252). 10.18 Apex Health Distribution Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan. 10.19 Apex Health Distribution Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through July 31, 2002. 10.20 Apex Health Distribution 1999 Executive Stock Purchase Plan (Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement No. 333-71917 filed on February 5, 1999). 10.21 Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to Certain Stock Options Granted on January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.28 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.22 Apex Health Distribution 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan, as amended through October 26, 2001 (Exhibit 10.43 to the Company’s Annual Report on From 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, File No 1-13252). 10.23 Apex Health Distribution 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through July 31, 2002. 10.25 Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999 among the Company, as servicer, [COMPANY], as seller, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] and [COMPANY], as conduits, The First National Bank of Chicago and Wachovia Bank, N.A., as managing agents, the several financial institutions from time to time party to the Agreement, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as collateral agent (Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 28 Table of [COMPANY] Exhibit Number Description 10.26 First Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 29, 1999 (Exhibit 10.36 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.27 Second Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 6, 1999 (Exhibit 10.37 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.28 Third Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 16, 2000 (Exhibit 10.26 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001, File No 1-13252). 10.29 Fourth Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2001 (Exhibit 10.42 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2001, File No. 1-13252). 10.30 Fifth Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2002. 10.31 Sixth Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2002. 10.32 Credit Agreement dated as of November 10, 1998 among the Company, Medis Health and [COMPANY]., Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, as Agent, Bank of America Canada, as Canadian Administrative Agent, The Chase Manhattan Bank, as documentation agent, First Union National Bank, as documentation agent, The First National Bank of Chicago, as documentation agent, and the other financial institutions party thereto (Exhibit 10.29 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.33 First Amendment to November 10, 1998 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 28, 1999 (Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.34 Second Amendment to November 10, 1998 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 1, 1999 (Exhibit 10.34 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.35 Syndicated Revolving Promissory Note dated as of May 28, 1999 among the Company, Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, as Agent, and the other noteholders’ signatures to the Note, Banc of [COMPANY]. as Sole Lead Arranger (Exhibit 10.40 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.36 Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1999 among the Company and the several financial institutions from time to time party to the Agreement (“Banks”), The Chase Manhattan Bank, First Union National Bank, [COMPANY] as documentation agents for Banks and Bank of America N.A. as administrative agent for Banks (Exhibit 10.32 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.37 First Amendment to October 22, 1999 Credit Agreement dated as of October 10, 2000 (Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001, File No. 1-13252). 10.38 Second Amendment to October 5, 2001 Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1999 (Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Annual Report on From 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, File No 1-13252). 10.39 Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2002 among the Company, [COMPANY], and a syndicate of financial institutions. 10.40 Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2002 between the Company and a syndicate of financial institutions. 10.41 Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2002 between [COMPANY]. and [COMPANY]. 10.42 Services Agreement dated as of December 31, 2002 between [COMPANY]. and [COMPANY]. 10.43 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2000, by and among the Company, Danone International Brands, Inc. and Groupe Danone SA (Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 1, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 29 Table of [COMPANY] Exhibit Number Description 10.44 First Amendment to January 10, 2000 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2000 (Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.45 Form of Termination Agreement by and between the Company and certain designated Corporate Officers (Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995, File No. 1-13252). 10.46 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of June 21, 1999, by and between the Company and its Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.47 Employment Agreement, dated as of June 21, 1999 by and between the Company and its Senior Vice President, President, [COMPANY] Business (Exhibit 10.41 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.48 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 1, 1999 by and between the Company and its Senior Vice President, President, [COMPANY] Business (Exhibit 10.42 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 21 List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 23 Consent of Deloitte & [COMPANY]. 24 Power of Attorney. 99.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 99.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request a copy of each instrument defining the rights of security holders with respect to issues of long-term debt of the Registrant, the authorized principal amount of which does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Registrant 30 Table of [COMPANY] INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION Page Five-Year Highlights 32 Financial Review 33 Independent Auditors’ Report 53 [COMPANY] Statements: Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 54 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 55 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 56 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 57 Financial Notes 58 31 Table of [COMPANY] FIVE-YEAR HIGHLIGHTS As of and for the Years Ended March 31, (1) (In millions, except per share amounts and ratios) 2003 (2) 2002 (2) 2001 2000 1999 Operating Results Revenues $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 $ 42,000.1 $ 36,685.9 $ 29,979.8 Percent change 14.3 % 19.0 % 14.5 % 22.4 % 35.9 % Gross profit 3,102.5 2,788.5 2,417.0 2,210.9 2,312.8 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 861.6 612.3 14.8 310.9 167.1 Income (loss) from continuing operations 562.1 421.8 (43.3 ) 183.3 60.1 Income (loss) from discontinued operations (6.7 ) (3.2 ) (5.0 ) 540.4 24.8 Net income (loss) 555.4 418.6 (48.3 ) 723.7 84.9 Financial Position Working capital 3,279.2 3,112.8 2,611.5 2,839.0 1,700.4 Days sales outstanding for: (3) Customer receivables 26 26 26 28 30 Inventories 39 44 43 43 41 Drafts and accounts payable 43 47 45 40 42 Total assets 14,353.4 13,325.9 11,532.0 10,375.4 9,084.3 Total debt, including capital lease obligations 1,300.9 1,430.0 1,230.0 1,259.9 1,151.2 Stockholders’ equity 4,528.5 3,940.1 3,492.9 3,565.8 2,881.8 Property acquisitions 116.0 130.8 158.0 144.1 198.3 Common Share Information Common shares outstanding at year-end 291.2 287.9 284.0 283.4 280.6 Shares on which earnings per common share were based Diluted 298.8 298.1 283.1 284.2 284.4 Basic 289.3 285.2 283.1 281.3 275.2 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share Continuing operations 1.90 1.44 (0.15 ) 0.65 0.21 Discontinued operations (0.02 ) (0.01 ) (0.02 ) 1.90 0.09 Total 1.88 1.43 (0.17 ) 2.55 0.30 Cash dividends declared (4) 69.7 68.5 68.3 67.5 84.9 Cash dividends declared per common share (4) 0.24 0.24 0.24 0.24 0.44 Book value per common share (5) 15.55 13.68 12.30 12.58 10.27 Market value per common share – year end 24.93 37.43 26.75 21.00 66.00 [COMPANY] employed (6) 6,025.7 5,566.2 4,918.8 5,021.5 4,228.5 Debt to capital ratio (7) 21.6 % 25.7 % 25.0 % 25.1 % 27.2 % Net debt to net capital employed (8) 14.0 % 17.3 % 17.5 % 14.8 % 22.4 % Average stockholders’ equity (9) 4,219.4 3,704.8 3,611.8 3,117.9 2,773.3 Return on stockholders’ equity (10) 13.3 % 11.4 % (1.2 )% 5.9 % 2.2 % Footnotes to Five Year Highlights: (1) In 2003, a marketing fulfillment business was sold; financial results for this business have been presented as a discontinued operation and accordingly, all prior years have been reclassified. (2) Fiscal 2003 and 2002 results exclude goodwill amortization in accordance with our adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.” (3) Based on year-end balances and sales or cost of sales for the last 90 days of the year. Days sales outstanding for customer receivables are adjusted to include accounts receivable sold. (4) Cash dividends declared and dividends per common share amounts do not reflect the effects of pooling of interests transactions prior to the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 141, “Business Combinations,” in 2002. (5) Represents stockholders’ equity divided by year-end common shares outstanding. (6) Consists of total debt, convertible preferred securities of subsidiary trust and stockholders’ equity. (7) Ratio is computed as debt divided by capital employed. (8) Ratio is computed as total debt, net of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities (“net debt”), divided by net debt plus convertible preferred securities and stockholders’ equity. (9) Represents a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. (10) Ratio is computed as income (loss) from continuing operations, divided by a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. 32 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and [COMPANY]’s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition, referred to as the Financial Review, is intended to assist in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of the Company together with its subsidiaries. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying financial notes. [COMPANY]’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references in this document to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. We conduct our business through three operating segments: [COMPANY], Apex MedSupply and [COMPANY] Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, “Significant Accounting Policies,” for a description of these segments. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2003 2002 2001 Revenues Excluding Sales to Customers’ Warehouses $ 42,287.9 $ 36,803.2 $ 31,270.3 Sales to Customers’ Warehouses 14,832.9 13,184.9 10,729.8 Total $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 $ 42,000.1 Segment Operating Profit (1) $ 1,147.7 $ 888.7 $ 368.6 Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Dividends on Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Trust 861.6 612.3 14.8 Net Income (Loss) 555.4 418.6 (48.3 ) Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share $ 1.88 $ 1.43 $ (0.17 ) (1) Segment operating profit includes gross profit, net of operating expenses, other income and gain (loss) on investments for our three business segments. Revenues increased 14% to $57.1 billion in 2003 and 19% to $50.0 billion in 2002. Net income increased $136.8 million to $555.4 million in 2003 and $466.9 million to $418.6 million in 2002. Diluted earnings per share increased $0.45 to $1.88 in 2003 and $1.60 to $1.43 in 2002. Excluding the items noted below which were included in income from continuing operations, increases in operating profit, net income and earnings per share over the past two years primarily reflect revenue growth and operating margin expansion in our [COMPANY] segment and improved operating profit in our [COMPANY] segment. The increases were partially offset by a decline in operating profit in our Apex MedSupply segment in 2002. Results from continuing operations included the following significant items: — In 2003, we recorded a $51.0 million provision for expected losses on five multi-year international contracts and a $22.3 million credit for the reversal of a portion of customer settlement reserves within our [COMPANY] segment. — In 2002, we recorded restructuring charges of $39.8 million associated with various consolidation plans and $22.0 million in pre-tax losses ($22.0 million after-tax gain) on the sale of three businesses. — In 2001, we recorded $97.8 million of other-than-temporary investment losses primarily related to the decline in fair value of our [COMPANY]. (“WebMD”) warrants, a $161.1 million charge for estimated customer settlements, and $194.8 million in restructuring charges primarily related to the discontinuance of our former iMcKesson segment. Results for 2001 also include $49.4 million of goodwill amortization. In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board (“SFAS”) No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,” we discontinued amortizing goodwill commencing in 2002. 33 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) In 2003, we sold a marketing fulfillment business which was previously included in our [COMPANY] segment. Financial results for this business have been reclassified and presented as a discontinued operation. Net losses from this discontinued operation as well as adjustments relating to the 2000 divestiture of our Water Products business amounted to $6.7 million ($0.02 per diluted share) in 2003, $3.2 million ($0.01 per diluted share) in 2002, and $5.0 million ($0.02 per diluted share) in 2001. Revenues: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2003 2002 2001 [COMPANY] & Services U.S. Healthcare $ 34,982.5 $ 30,188.4 $ 24,968.0 U.S. Healthcare Sales to Customers’ Warehouses 14,832.9 13,184.9 10,729.8 Total U.S. Healthcare 49,815.4 43,373.3 35,697.8 Canada 3,423.0 2,884.8 2,644.7 [COMPANY] 53,238.4 46,258.1 38,342.5 Apex MedSupply 2,743.4 2,726.0 2,715.8 [COMPANY] Software 238.2 182.6 133.6 Services 799.8 736.1 723.6 Hardware 101.0 85.3 84.6 [COMPANY] 1,139.0 1,004.0 941.8 Total Revenues $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 $ 42,000.1 Revenues, Excluding Sales to Customers’ Warehouses: [COMPANY] $ 38,405.5 $ 33,073.2 $ 27,612.7 Apex MedSupply 2,743.4 2,726.0 2,715.8 [COMPANY] 1,139.0 1,004.0 941.8 Total $ 42,287.9 $ 36,803.2 $ 31,270.3 Revenues increased 14% in 2003 and 19% in 2002. Excluding sales to customers’ warehouses, revenues increased 15% in 2003 and 18% in 2002. The growth in revenues was primarily driven by the [COMPANY] segment, which accounted for more than 90% of revenues. Excluding sales to customers’ warehouses, [COMPANY] segment revenues increased 16% in 2003 compared to 20% in 2002. Revenues were not materially impacted by business acquisitions. We believe that we have achieved this increase in sales volume due in large part to the wide range of products and services that we offer our customers from across the company using our [COMPANY] approach. Our retail customers have benefited from our service offerings and programs that focus on broad product selection, service levels, inventory carrying cost reductions, connectivity and automation technologies. Institutional customers have benefited from our focus on reducing both their product cost and internal labor and logistics costs, as well as automation and information technologies that are designed to improve the quality of care. Services available include pharmaceutical distribution, medical-surgical supply distribution, pharmaceutical dispensing automation, pharmacy outsourcing, clinical software and utilization reviews. In addition, our ability to provide patient-assistance programs and the distribution of specialty products has also contributed to our increase in revenues. These retail chain and institutional capabilities have resulted in the execution and implementation of significant long-term, multi-business unit contracts with major customers. Increases in U.S. Healthcare pharmaceutical distribution revenues, excluding sales to customers’ warehouses, reflect market growth rates as well as new customers in our pharmaceutical distribution business, new business that was previously direct or outside the distribution channel and growth in our automation, specialty pharmaceutical products, and pharmacy outsourcing services businesses. Market growth rates reflect growing drug utilization and price increases, which are offset in part by the increased use of lower priced generics. 34 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) The customer mix of our U.S. pharmaceutical distribution revenues, excluding sales to customers’ warehouses, was as follows: 2003 2002 2001 Independents 21 % 22 % 24 % Retail Chains 39 41 42 Institutions 40 37 34 Total 100 % 100 % 100 % U.S. pharmaceutical distribution sales to customers’ warehouses increased 12% in 2003 and 23% in 2002, as a result of growth from existing customers as well as, in 2002, the addition of a few significant retail chain customers. Sales to customers’ warehouses represent large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to major self-warehousing drugstore chains whereby we act as an intermediary in the order and subsequent delivery of products directly from the manufacturer to the customers’ warehouses. These sales provide a benefit to our customers in that they can use one source for both their direct store-to-store business and their warehouse business. We also provide a significant benefit to manufacturers, since all incoming products for direct store-to-store deliveries are shipped to a single Apex Health Distribution location. Canadian pharmaceutical distribution revenues increased 19% in 2003 and 9% in 2002, reflecting market growth rates and greater sales to existing customers. Revenues for 2003 also benefited from increased sales of product that previously went direct from manufacturers, and to a lesser extent, favorable foreign exchange rates. Apex MedSupply segment distribution revenues increased nominally over the past two years. Increases in our primary and extended care sectors were almost fully offset by a decline in revenues in the acute care sector. The segment’s decline in its acute care business reflects the competitive environment in which it operates and the continued self-warehousing strategy of a major customer. Increases in revenues for our [COMPANY] segment were primarily due to our July 2001 introduction of new products from our Horizon Clinicals TM offerings as well as other new product offerings in 2003, including Horizon Medical Imaging TM , which was the result of our July 2002 purchase of [COMPANY]. (“A.L.I.”). As of March 31, 2003, backlog for our [COMPANY] segment, which includes firm contracts for maintenance fees, implementation and software contracts, and outsourcing agreements, increased to $2.22 billion from $2.06 billion a year ago and from $1.60 billion two years ago. The increase in backlog from 2001 to 2002 resulted primarily from a new ten-year, $480 million outsourcing contract to provide a standardized, fully automated human resources and payroll system for the National Health Service of England and Wales, covering approximately one million employees. Gross Profit: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2003 2002 2001 [COMPANY] $ 2,047.2 $ 1,788.4 $ 1,502.1 Apex MedSupply 523.1 524.2 520.9 [COMPANY] 532.2 475.9 394.0 Total $ 3,102.5 $ 2,788.5 $ 2,417.0 [COMPANY] 3.85 % 3.87 % 3.92 % Apex MedSupply 19.07 19.23 19.18 [COMPANY] 46.73 47.40 41.83 Total 5.43 5.58 5.75 Gross Profit Margin, Excluding Sales to Customers’ [COMPANY] 5.33 % 5.41 % 5.44 % Total 7.34 7.58 7.73 35 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Gross profit increased by 11% in 2003 and 15% in 2002. As a percentage of revenues, excluding sales to customers’ warehouses, gross profit margin decreased 24 basis points in 2003 and 15 basis points in 2002, primarily reflecting: — a higher proportion of revenues attributable to our [COMPANY] segment, which has lower margins relative to our other segments, — a decline in the [COMPANY] segment gross margin reflecting a decrease in selling margin to customers in the U.S. Pharmaceutical distribution business, that were partially offset by greater product sourcing profits on branded pharmaceuticals and the benefit of increased sales of generic drugs with higher margins. In addition, the segment benefited from the growth in higher margin products and services, and — in 2003, a $51.0 million provision for expected losses on five multi-year contracts in our [COMPANY] segment international business. Partially offsetting the decreases were greater software revenues with higher margins from this segment in 2003 and 2002. We provide financial ratios (gross margins, operating expenses, and segment operating profit margins as a percentage of revenues) which exclude sales to customers’ warehouses as these revenues from bulk shipments to warehouses have a significantly lower gross margin compared to traditional direct store delivery sales because of their low cost-to-serve model. These sales do, however, contribute positively to our cash flows due to favorable timing between the customer payment to us and our payment to the supplier. [COMPANY] segment uses the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method of accounting for the majority of its inventories, which results in cost of sales that more closely reflects replacement cost than do other accounting methods, thereby mitigating the effects of inflation and deflation on operating profit. The practice in the [COMPANY] distribution businesses is to pass on to customers published price changes from suppliers. Manufacturers generally provide us with price protection, which prevents inventory losses. Price declines on many generic pharmaceutical products in this segment over the last few years have moderated the effects of inflation in other product categories, which resulted in minimal overall price changes in those fiscal years. Operating Expenses: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2003 2002 2001 [COMPANY] $ 1,107.0 $ 1,023.5 $ 971.6 Apex MedSupply 459.8 461.2 429.3 [COMPANY] 439.8 455.5 689.3 Corporate 166.0 149.8 121.9 Total $ 2,172.6 $ 2,090.0 $ 2,212.1 Operating Expenses as a Percentage of [COMPANY] 2.08 % 2.21 % 2.53 % Apex MedSupply 16.76 16.92 15.81 [COMPANY] 38.61 45.37 73.19 Total 3.80 4.18 5.27 Operating Expenses, Excluding Sales to Customers’ Warehouses, as a Percentage of [COMPANY] 2.88 % 3.09 % 3.52 % Total 5.14 5.68 7.07 Operating expenses increased 4% in 2003 and decreased 6% in 2002. Excluding the items noted below, operating expenses increased over the last two years primarily reflecting additional expenses incurred to support our sales volume growth. — In 2003, 2002 and 2001, we incurred restructuring and related asset impairment charges of a credit of $4.8 million, and expenses of $39.8 million and $171.7 million. We also recorded reserves for customer settlements of $161.1 million in 2001 and reversed $22.3 million of the reserve to income in 2003. Further discussions regarding these activities are included in “Restructuring and Related Asset Impairments” appearing within this Financial Review. 36 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) — In 2002, we sold three businesses for a pre-tax loss of $22.0 million. — In accordance with our adoption of SFAS No. 142 in 2002, we discontinued amortizing goodwill. Operating expenses in 2001 included goodwill amortization of $49.4 million. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenues, excluding sales to customers’ warehouses and the above noted items, have declined over the last two years, mainly due to productivity improvements in back-office and field operations. Operating expenses in 2003 include U.S. defined benefit pension plan expense of $1.9 million compared with pension income of $9.9 million in 2002 and $6.1 million in 2001. The pension expense in 2003 is principally the result of negative plan asset returns over the past two years. In 2003, we reduced the assumed long-term rate of asset return for our U.S. defined benefit pension plans by 150 basis points to 8.25% to better reflect current long-term expectations for the plans’ portfolios. We also lowered our assumption for the discount rate by 50 basis points to 6.75% on these plans to better reflect current rates for high-quality corporate long term bonds. As a result of these changes, we anticipate pension expense to increase by approximately $12 million in 2004. The decline in asset performance coupled with the lower interest rates resulted in the recognition of a $7.2 million pre-tax charge to equity in 2003. This charge increased the accrued pension plan liability and accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders’ equity by $5.1 million after-tax. This charge will vary based on changes in interest rates or market performance and plan returns. We expect contributions for our U.S. defined benefit pension plans in 2004 to approximate that of 2003. We use a discount rate that is based on a point-in-time estimate as of the pension plan’s December 31st measurement date. Although future changes to the discount rate are unknown, had the discount rate increased or decreased 100 basis points, the U.S. defined benefit pension liability would have decreased $28.7 million or increased $36.9 million. Similarly, a 100 basis point increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets would decrease or increase defined benefit pension expense for the U.S. plans by approximately $3.4 million. Other Income and Gain (Loss) on Investments, net: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2003 2002 2001 Other Income, net $ 45.1 $ 40.4 $ 42.0 Gain (Loss) on Investments, net 1.4 (13.7 ) (120.9 ) Total $ 46.5 $ 26.7 $ (78.9 ) [COMPANY] $ 47.7 $ 37.4 $ 41.5 Apex MedSupply 2.1 1.7 0.1 [COMPANY] 2.0 1.3 0.2 Corporate (5.3 ) (13.7 ) (120.7 ) Total $ 46.5 $ 26.7 $ (78.9 ) Other income increased in 2003 and decreased nominally in 2002. The increase in 2003 was primarily attributable to a $5.3 million gain on the sale of notes receivable within our [COMPANY] segment. Gain (loss) on investments changed significantly in 2003 and 2002, primarily reflecting: — in 2003, our [COMPANY] segment recognized $9.9 million in gains on sales of venture investments, — a decrease in Corporate investment losses associated with other-than-temporary impairment losses on equity and joint venture investments, and — in 2001, we recorded other-than-temporary losses of $93.1 million on our WebMD warrants and $12.5 million on other equity and venture capital investments as a result of significant declines in the market values of these investments, partially offset by a $7.8 million gain on the liquidation of another investment. We also recorded an other-than-temporary impairment loss of $23.1 million on equity investments as a result of significant declines in the market value of these investments in connection with the restructuring of our former iMcKesson segment. 37 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Segment Operating Profit and Corporate Expenses: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2003 2002 2001 [COMPANY] $ 987.9 $ 802.3 $ 572.0 Apex MedSupply 65.4 64.7 91.7 [COMPANY] 94.4 21.7 (295.1 ) Total 1,147.7 888.7 368.6 Corporate Expenses (171.3 ) (163.5 ) (242.6 ) Interest Expense (114.8 ) (112.9 ) (111.2 ) Income from Continuing Operations, Before Income Taxes and Dividends on Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Trust $ 861.6 $ 612.3 $ 14.8 [COMPANY] 1.86 % 1.73 % 1.49 % Apex MedSupply 2.38 2.37 3.38 [COMPANY] 8.29 2.16 (31.33 ) Segment Operating Profit Margin for [COMPANY], Excluding Sales to Customers’ Warehouses 2.57 % 2.43 % 2.07 % Segment operating profit includes gross margin, net of operating expenses, other income and gain (loss) on investments for our three business segments. In addition to the items noted below, increases in segment operating profit primarily reflect revenue growth and increased operating margin in our [COMPANY] segment, combined with improved operating profits in our [COMPANY] segment. The 2002 increase was partially offset by a decline in operating profit in our Apex MedSupply segment. Excluding sales to customers’ warehouses, operating profit as a percentage of revenues increased over the past two years for our [COMPANY] segment reflecting productivity improvements in operations offset in part by a decline in gross margins. In addition, operating profit in 2003 benefited from a $5.3 million gain on sale of notes receivables and $9.9 million of gains on sales of venture investments in 2003, lower restructuring charges, and the discontinuance of goodwill amortization commencing in 2002. Operating profit for 2001 included $8.0 million in goodwill amortization. Apex MedSupply segment’s operating profit as a percentage of revenues stabilized in 2003 after decreasing in 2002. The decrease in 2002 operating profit reflects the competitive environment in which the segment operates, the commencement of a self-warehousing strategy by a major customer, and the start of the segment’s distribution center network consolidation plan which resulted in $29.6 million of restructuring and related asset impairment charges. These decreases were partially offset by the benefit of excluding goodwill amortization which amounted to $19.0 million in 2001. Results for 2002 and 2003 also include duplicate operating expenses associated with the segment’s restructuring activities and replacement of information systems. Additional operating expenses incurred include duplicate payroll, transportation and warehouse costs as the segment consolidated distribution centers. In addition, 2003 operating profit benefited from $12.0 million in reversals of prior year’s accrued restructuring charges as a result of a modification to the segment’s distribution center network consolidation plan, partially offset by an increase in bad debt expense of approximately $11.0 million. This segment’s distribution center network consolidation program was completed in the fourth quarter of 2003 and we expect to complete the information systems consolidation plan in 2005. As a result of these consolidation plans, we anticipate realizing benefits of more efficient operations in this business beginning in late 2004. [COMPANY] segment’s operating profit as a percentage of revenues increased over the past two years reflecting increases in higher margin software revenue, more efficient operations resulting from improved customer support activities and control of expenses, a decrease in restructuring and related asset impairment charges, and the benefit of eliminating goodwill amortization commencing in 2002. Operating profit for 2001 included $22.4 million in goodwill amortization. Operating profit also reflects the following items: a $51.0 million provision for expected losses on five multi-year contracts within the segment’s international business and a $22.3 million credit for the 38 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) reversal of a portion of customer settlement reserves in 2003, $19.3 million of losses on sales of businesses in 2002, and $161.1 million loss for customer settlements in 2001. Corporate expenses increased by 5% in 2003 and decreased by 33% in 2002. The increase in expenses for 2003 was principally due to higher benefit and insurance costs and lower pension income, partially offset by lower venture investment impairment losses, lower expenses associated with the use of our accounts receivable sales facility and a decrease in expenses associated with our investment in The Global Health Exchange (“GHE”), formerly Health Nexis, LLC (“Health Nexis”). In the second quarter of 2003, we lowered our pension plan assets earnings assumption to 8.25% from 9.75%. The 2002 decrease in expenses reflect lower restructuring charges and venture investment impairment losses, partially offset by higher benefit costs and expenses associated with the use of our accounts receivable sales facility, increased losses in our investment in GHE and a litigation settlement. In the third quarter of 2002, Health Nexis merged with GHE, which significantly diluted our percentage ownership in the combined organization. As a result, we changed from the equity to the cost method of accounting for this investment. Interest Expense: Interest expense increased nominally in 2003 and 2002 primarily due to higher average borrowings. Interest expense reflects the issuance of $400.0 million 7.75% notes in January 2002 partially offset by the retirement of $175.0 million 6.875% notes in March 2002, and $125.0 million 6.55% notes in November 2002. In addition, we also used our accounts receivable sales facility more in 2002 compared to 2003 and 2001 in order to meet our financing needs. The costs associated with this facility are recorded in Corporate expenses. In order to better balance fixed and variable rate borrowings, we entered into two interest rate swap agreements in 2003. The first agreement exchanges a fixed interest rate of 8.91% per annum to the London Inter Bank Offering Rate (“LIBOR”) plus 4.155%, on a notional amount of $100 million and matures in February 2005. The second agreement exchanges a fixed interest rate of 6.30% per annum to LIBOR plus 1.575%, on a notional amount of $150 million and matures in March 2005. These agreements are designated as fair value hedges and are intended to manage our ratio of variable to fixed interest rates. Income Taxes: Excluding the items discussed below, the Company’s effective income tax rate was 34.0%, 36.0% and 39.0% in 2003, 2002 and 2001. The reduction in our effective income tax rate was the result of a higher proportion of income attributable to foreign countries that have lower income tax rates and the discontinuance of goodwill amortization commencing in 2002, which was generally non tax-deductible. In 2002, we sold three businesses for a pre-tax loss of $22.0 million and an after-tax gain of $22.0 million. For accounting purposes, the net assets of one of these businesses were written down in 2001 in connection with the restructuring of our former iMcKesson segment. The tax benefit could not be recognized until 2002 when the sale of the business was completed. Discontinued Operations: Net loss from discontinued operations was $6.7 million ($0.02 per diluted share) in 2003, $3.2 million ($0.01 per diluted share) in 2002, and $5.0 million ($0.02 per diluted share) in 2001. Results from discontinued operations include those of a marketing fulfillment business which we sold in 2003 as well as adjustments made in 2003 and 2001 relating to the 2000 divestiture of our Water Products business. Weighted Average Diluted Shares Outstanding: Diluted earnings per share were calculated based on an average number of shares outstanding of 298.8 million, 298.1 million and 283.1 million for 2003, 2002 and 2001. The increase in weighted average number of shares outstanding in 2002 was due to the inclusion of 5.4 million share equivalents relating to our convertible preferred securities and 7.5 million of dilutive securities issued under employee benefit plans, which were excluded in 2001 as they were anti-dilutive. 39 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) International Operations International operations accounted for 6.3%, 6.0% and 6.6% of 2003, 2002 and 2001 of consolidated revenues. International operations are subject to certain opportunities and risks, including currency fluctuations. We monitor our operations and adopt strategies responsive to changes in the economic and political environment in each of the countries in which we operate. Additional information regarding our international operations is also included in Financial Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements. Restructuring and Related Asset Impairments With the exception of our customer settlement process, we have completed the restructuring programs described below. Net charges (credits) from restructuring activities over the last three years were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 By Expense Type: Severance $ (5.8 ) $ 14.0 $ 36.6 Exit-related costs (0.3 ) 18.2 10.1 Write-down of assets 1.3 7.6 148.1 Subtotal (4.8 ) 39.8 194.8 Customer settlement reserves (22.3 ) — 161.1 Total $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 $ 355.9 By Statement of Operations Classification: Operating expenses $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 $ 332.8 Other income — — 23.1 Total $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 $ 355.9 By Segment: [COMPANY] $ 7.7 $ 2.6 $ 28.2 Apex MedSupply (11.7 ) 26.0 0.7 [COMPANY] (22.3 ) 12.0 293.1 Corporate (0.8 ) (0.8 ) 33.9 Total $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 $ 355.9 In 2003, we recorded net credits for restructuring activities of $4.8 million primarily related to the following: — Net reversals of $5.5 million and $6.5 million for severance and exit-related accruals pertaining to our 2002 Apex MedSupply segment distribution center network consolidation plan. The reversals were the result of our re-evaluation of this segment’s distribution center strategy. The original consolidation plan included a net reduction of 20 distribution centers, from 51, compared to a net reduction of 14 under the revised plan. This revised consolidation plan resulted in the termination of 261 employees, primarily in distribution delivery and associated back-office functions. — We recorded restructuring charges of $2.9 million for severance, exit-related costs and asset impairments pertaining to the closure of a [COMPANY]’ distribution center. The closure resulted in the termination of 65 employees. — We recorded $5.1 million in charges for additional facility closure costs, reflecting a change in estimated costs associated with prior year restructuring plans in our [COMPANY] segment. 40 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) In 2002, we recorded net charges for restructuring activities of $39.8 million as follows: — We recorded severance charges of $19.8 million, exit-related charges of $19.5 million and asset impairment charges of $7.6 million primarily related to a plan to reduce the number of distribution centers in our Apex MedSupply segment from 51 to 31, restructuring activities in our European and U.S. businesses in our [COMPANY] segment, and closures of a distribution center and a facility for a service business in our [COMPANY] segment. Excluding the Apex MedSupply segment restructuring initiatives, which were later revised in 2003, 295 employees, primarily in distribution, delivery and associated back-office functions, were terminated as a result of these activities. — We also reassessed restructuring plans initiated prior to 2002, and reversed a total of $7.1 million in severance and exit-related reserves due to a change in estimated costs to complete these activities. In 2001, we recorded net charges for restructuring activities of $194.8 million. These charges were for several initiatives, the most significant of which were: — We restructured our former iMcKesson segment. Responsibility for iMcKesson’s medical management business was transferred to our [COMPANY] segment and the physician services business to our [COMPANY] segment. The iMcKesson segment was created in the first quarter of 2001 with the intention of focusing on healthcare applications using the Internet and other emerging technologies, and included selected net assets from our former e-Health, [COMPANY] and [COMPANY] segments as well as other 2001 acquisitions and investments. In connection with the assessment of these businesses, we shut down certain iMcKesson operations. We wrote down goodwill and intangibles totaling $116.2 million arising from the acquisitions of Abaton.com and MediVation, Inc., based upon an updated analysis of discounted cash flows. We also recorded $29.8 million in asset impairments, including $23.1 million for the write–down of equity investments whose market values had significantly declined and $5.2 million in capitalized software costs. In addition, we recorded $9.1 million in exit-related costs, including $6.0 million for non-cancelable obligations directly related to discontinued products. In connection with the above restructuring, we incurred $29.0 million in severance charges relating to the termination of 220 employees, primarily in sales, service and administration functions. — We recorded $10.0 million in restructuring and asset related impairment charges ($5.6 million in severance, $2.3 million in exit costs and $2.1 million in asset impairments) related to workforce reductions in our [COMPANY] segment associated with the closure of a pharmaceutical distribution center, closure of a medical management call center, closures of facilities in the pharmaceutical services business and staff reductions in the pharmacy management business. In connection with these restructurings, 240 employees were terminated who were primarily in sales, service, administration and distribution center functions. In addition to the above restructuring activities, we are still managing a 2001/2000 restructuring plan associated with customer settlements for our discontinuance of overlapping or nonstrategic products and other product development projects within our [COMPANY] segment. Details regarding this restructuring plan are as follows: Subsequent to the January 1999 merger with HBO and Company (“HBOC”) and the events surrounding our announcements in April, May and June of 1999 concerning the improper recording of revenue at HBOC, we restructured our [COMPANY] segment, which included the required assembly of a new senior management team and a restructuring of the segment’s sales and customer service organizations, which had experienced significant attrition. The restructuring plan also included a strategic rationalizing of the segment’s product lines, which was carried out in three phases: Phase I-assessment and preliminary planning (October 1999 to January 2000); Phase II-detailed planning and announcement; and Phase III-implementation. The products impacted by this initiative were primarily in the areas of repositories for clinical and administrative data in a healthcare enterprise, surgery scheduling, financial and materials management, mobile clinical documentation and enterprise solutions for small and mid-sized hospitals. The process required a review of contracts related to approximately 400 affected customers and other information available at that time. During Phase II, which began in February 2000 and extended through March 31, 2000, we conducted detailed business reviews, and finalized and announced product rationalization decisions. Rationalization decisions 41 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) involved either the sunset of certain products or product development projects to redesign or stabilize several go-forward products. At the same time, we undertook an assessment of probable customer impact and concluded that the product rationalization decisions would trigger the assertion of certain customer claims for breach of contract. Based on information available at that time, we estimated that it would require $74.1 million above then existing allowances to settle probable customer claims. As a result, a charge in that amount was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2000. Phase III, which began in 2001, involved a comprehensive, company-wide implementation of Phase II decisions, including an intensive and detailed customer communication process. By the fourth quarter of 2001, we had developed substantially more information on customers’ legal positions as a result of extensive customer interactions and communications. Based upon this newly acquired information about customer demands and expectations, we recognized that we would not be able to settle probable contractual exposures within the previously recorded estimates, and we therefore concluded that additional allowances should be established for customers’ settlements. Accordingly, during the fourth quarter of 2001, an additional customer settlement charge of $161.1 million was recorded. These customer settlement charges were reflected as operating expenses rather than a reduction of revenues as the charges primarily related to product strategy decisions that triggered claims for breach of contract. In 2003, we reversed $22.3 million of these customer settlement reserves. The reversal was the result of favorable settlements and continued negotiations with affected customers. As of March 31, 2003, customer settlement allowances amounted to $86.9 million. Total cash and non-cash settlements of $43.2 million and $82.8 million have been incurred since the inception of the restructuring plan. Although the final outcome of remaining customer settlements cannot be determined, we believe that any additional liability and related expenditures would not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Refer to Financial Note 4, “Restructuring and Related Asset Impairments,” of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our restructuring activities. Acquisitions, Investments and Divestitures We made the following acquisitions, investments and divestitures over the last three years: — In September 2002, we sold the net assets of a marketing fulfillment business which was previously included in our [COMPANY] segment. Net proceeds from the sale of this business were $4.5 million. The disposition resulted in an after-tax loss of $3.7 million or $0.01 per diluted share. The net assets and results of operations of this business have been presented as a discontinued operation and, as a result, prior year amounts have been reclassified. — In July and September of 2002, we acquired the outstanding stock of A.L.I. by means of a cash tender offer. A.L.I., which is based in British Columbia, Canada, provides digital medical imaging solutions which are designed to streamline access to diagnostic information, automate clinical workflow and eliminate the need for film purchase and storage. The acquisition of A.L.I. complements our Horizon Clinicals TM offering by incorporating medical images into a computerized patient record. The aggregate purchase price for A.L.I. was $347.0 million and was financed through cash and short-term borrowings. The results of A.L.I.’s operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements within our [COMPANY] segment since the July acquisition date. — In May 2002, the Company and [COMPANY] formed a joint venture, Verispan, L.L.C. (“Verispan”). Verispan is a provider of patient-level data delivered in near real time as well as a supplier of other healthcare information. We have an approximate 45% equity interest in the joint venture. The initial contribution to the joint venture of $12.1 million consisted of $7.7 million in net assets from a [COMPANY]’ business and $4.4 million in cash. Additional cash contributions of $1.9 million have been made subsequent to formation. As of March 31, 2003, we have committed to provide additional aggregate cash contributions of up to $8.5 million and to purchase a total of $12.0 million in services from the joint venture through 2007. No gain or loss was recognized as a result of this transaction. Financial results for this joint 42 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) venture are recognized on the equity basis of accounting and are included in Other Income, net in the consolidated statements of operations, within our [COMPANY] segment. — In February 2002, our [COMPANY] segment acquired, for approximately $62 million in cash, the net assets of PMO, Inc., a national specialty pharmacy business (having done business as VitaRx), that provides mail order pharmaceutical prescription services to managed care patients. — In 2002, we sold three businesses, Abaton.com, Inc., [COMPANY], Inc. and [COMPANY]. Two of these businesses were from our [COMPANY] segment and one was from our [COMPANY] segment. Net proceeds from the sale of these businesses were $0.2 million, resulting in a pre-tax loss of $22.0 million and an after-tax gain of $22.0 million. For accounting purposes, the net assets of one of these businesses were written down in 2001 in connection with the restructuring of our former iMcKesson segment. The tax benefit could not be recognized until 2002 when the sale of the business was completed. — In July 2000, we acquired MediVation, Inc., a provider of an automated web-based system for physicians to communicate with patients online, for approximately $24 million in cash, $14 million in our common stock and the assumption of $6 million of employee stock incentives. — In April 2000, the Company and three other healthcare product distributors announced an agreement to form the New Health Exchange (subsequently renamed Health Nexis). In the third quarter of 2002, Health Nexis merged with GHE, which significantly diluted our percentage ownership in the combined organization. As a result, we changed from the equity to the cost method of accounting for this investment. In 2002 and 2001, we invested $7.0 million and $10.8 million in GHE. — During the last three years we have also made several small acquisitions and investments within our [COMPANY] segment. In 2003, we purchased a remaining interest in an investment for approximately $31.5 million, retained a small portion of the business and subsequently sold the balance for approximately $40.0 million, the proceeds of which consisted of an interest bearing ten-year note receivable, resulting in a nominal loss. Pro forma results of operations for these business acquisitions have not been presented because the effects were not material to the consolidated financial statements on either an individual or aggregate basis. Refer to Financial Notes 2 and 3, “Acquisitions and Investments” and “Discontinued Operations and Other Divestitures,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussions regarding these activities. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if the estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and if different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results from operations. Below are the estimates that we believe are critical to the understanding of our operating results and financial condition. Other accounting policies are described in Financial Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies,” of our consolidated financial statements. Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates. Valuation of Receivables: We provide short-term credit and other customer financing arrangements to customers who purchase our products and services. Other customer financing relates to guarantees provided to our customers, or their creditors, regarding the repurchase of inventories, and lease and credit financing. We estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and specific knowledge regarding the current creditworthiness of our customers. An allowance is recorded in our consolidated financial statement for these amounts . If the frequency and severity of customer defaults due to our customers’ financial condition or general economic conditions change, our allowance for uncollectible accounts may require adjustment. As a result, we 43 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) continuously monitor outstanding receivables and other customer financing and adjust allowances for accounts where collection may be in doubt. At March 31, 2003, trade and notes receivable was $4,581.8 million, and other customer financing was $216.9 million, both prior to allowances of $265.8 million. In addition, at March 31, 2003, we had $84.4 million of notes receivable from certain of our current and former officers and senior managers related to purchases of common stock under our various employee stock purchase plans. These notes were issued for amounts equal to the market value of the stock on the date of the purchase, are full recourse to the borrower and are due at various dates through February 2004. As of March 31, 2003, the value of the underlying stock collateral was $36.5 million. We evaluate the collectability of these notes on an ongoing basis; however, notwithstanding their full recourse nature, there can be no assurance that we will recover the full amounts due under the notes. Customer Settlement Reserves: In 2001 and 2000, we announced plans to discontinue overlapping and nonstrategic products or product development projects and to redesign or stabilize several go-forward projects within our [COMPANY] segment. As a result of our decision, we recorded a total of $235.2 million for estimated customer settlements. These estimates were developed using a customer and product specific approach, based on numerous interactions with our customers. The determination and quantification of our customer settlement liabilities along with the assessment of an appropriate reserve for uncollectible accounts is an on-going process, and we are still actively engaged in settlement discussions with affected customers. Factors that could change our estimated settlement amounts include, but are not limited to, our success in amending contract terms to provide new or different products and services or negotiating settlements with affected customers, and our ability to complete projects where re-design or stabilization was required. In 2003, due to favorable settlements and continued negotiations with affected customers, we reversed $22.3 million of the accrued customer settlement reserve as a credit to operating expenses. As of March 31, 2003, customer settlement allowances amounted to $86.9 million. Total cash and non-cash settlements of $43.2 million and $82.8 million have been incurred since the inception of the restructuring plan. Although the final outcome of remaining customer settlement issues cannot be determined, we believe that any additional liability and related expenditures would not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Valuation of Inventories: We state inventories at the lower of cost or market. Inventories for our [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments consist of merchandise held for resale with the majority of the cost of domestic inventories determined on the last-in, first-out method and international inventories are stated at average cost. [COMPANY] segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost determined either by the specific identification or first-in, first-out method. Total inventories before the LIFO cost adjustment, which approximates replacement cost, were $6,241.0 million at March 31, 2003. In determining whether inventory valuation issues exist, we consider various factors including estimated quantities of slow-moving inventory by reviewing on-hand quantities, outstanding purchase obligations and forecasted sales. Shifts in market trends and conditions, changes in customer preferences due to the introduction of generic drugs or new pharmaceutical products, or the loss of one or more significant customers are factors that could affect the value of our inventories. Valuation of Goodwill: We have significant goodwill assets as a result of acquiring businesses. We account for goodwill under SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,” which requires us to maintain goodwill assets on our books unless the assets are deemed to be impaired. We perform an impairment test on goodwill balances annually or when indicators of impairment exist. Such impairment tests require that we first compare the carrying value of net assets to the estimated fair value of net assets for the operations in which goodwill is assigned. If carrying value exceeds fair value, a second step would be performed to calculate the amount of impairment. Fair values can be determined using income, market or cost approaches. We predominately use a discounted cash flow model derived from internal budgets in assessing fair values for our goodwill impairment testing. Factors that could change the result of our goodwill impairment test include, but are not limited to, different assumptions used to forecast future revenues, expenses, capital expenditures and working capital requirements used in our cash flow models. In addition, selection of a risk-adjusted discount rate on the estimated undiscounted cash flows is susceptible to future changes in market conditions, and when unfavorable, can adversely affect our original estimates of fair values. At March 31, 2003, we concluded that there was no impairment in our goodwill. Contract Accounting: We use the percentage of completion method of accounting to recognize certain revenues and costs, primarily for long-term software contracts within our [COMPANY] segment. This method of accounting requires us to estimate the timing and amounts of total revenue to be earned and total costs to be incurred over the life of a contract. Revenue estimates are derived primarily from negotiated contract prices modified by assumptions regarding change orders and assumptions regarding penalty provisions associated with technical performance. Cost estimates are based primarily on the expected amount of resources and materials required to 44 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) complete project requirements. Based on the relationship of total estimated revenues to total estimated costs, a gross margin and cost of sales percentage is developed. The amount reported as cost of sales is determined by applying the estimated cost of sales percentage to the amount of revenue recognized each period. The estimated revenue to be earned and costs to complete a project can change significantly throughout the period of a contract. Factors that could change estimates include, but are not limited to, the ability to successfully complete milestones, the timing of milestones, and modifications in the amount of resources or other costs required to complete the project. Changes in estimates to complete, and revisions in overall profit estimates on percentage of completion contracts, are recognized in the period in which they are determined. We accrue for contract losses if and when the current estimate of total contract costs exceeds total contract revenue. Such a provision is subject to change as additional information is obtained and as contracts progress toward completion. Stock Options: We account for employee-based stock compensation in accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion (“APB”) No. 25, “Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.” Under APB No. 25, compensation expense is recorded based on a stock option’s intrinsic value, which is the difference between the market value of a company’s stock and the exercise price at the date of grant. As we generally grant stock options to employees at market value at the date of grant, compensation expense as a result of option grants has been nominal. An alternative to APB No. 25 in accounting for stock options is SFAS No. 123, “Stock-Based Compensation.” SFAS No. 123 utilizes the fair value method in valuing stock options and requires expensing of such values. Fair value is determined based on an option pricing model with the Black-Scholes model being the most widely available and used model. Such models require the use of several estimates including expected life of the option, volatility of our common stock, dividend yields (which includes estimates of future dividends and market values of our common stock), risk-free interest rates and employee turnover. In December 2002, the FASB issued statement No. 148, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation – Transition and Disclosure,” which provides alternatives to implementing SFAS No. 123, with one of the alternatives, being the prospective method of expensing current year and future options, available only up to our fourth quarter of 2004. In addition, in April 2003, the FASB concluded at their public board meeting that all companies will be required to expense the fair value of employee stock options, although the timing for this requirement is not yet known. Had we accounted for employee stock options in accordance with SFAS No. 123 and had we utilized the following transitional methods per SFAS No. 148, net income and earnings per share for 2003 would have been: (In millions, except per share amounts) Net Income Earnings per Share As reported $ 555.4 $ 1.88 Prospective method 542.7 1.84 Modified prospective and retrospective restatement methods 399.1 1.36 The prospective method includes stock-based compensation expense for those options granted commencing only in the year of adopting SFAS No. 123, whereas the modified prospective and retrospective restatement methods includes compensation expense for all awards that vest in the current year (see also Financial Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies,” of our consolidated financial statements). Awards under our stock option plans generally vest over four years. Therefore, the cost related to stock-based compensation under the prospective method in the first few years of adoption would be less than the modified prospective and retrospective restatement methods. With respect to the potential adoption of SFAS No. 123, we would most likely utilize the prospective transitional method. Securities Litigation: We are involved in a number of lawsuits regarding the restatement of our 1999 historical financial statements. Our directors and officers’ liability insurance policy covers some of our restatement litigation costs up to a specified aggregate limit. For costs not covered under our insurance policy, we accrue for litigation defense and settlement costs when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. We expensed approximately $2 million to $4 million in each of the last three years in connection with these matters. We do not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of these proceedings, or to estimate the amount of, or potential range of, loss with respect to these proceedings, and therefore, no accrual for legal settlement is recorded in our consolidated financial statements. In addition, the timing of the final resolution of these legal proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments 45 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) against us or settlements that could require substantial payments by us that could cause us to incur material losses which could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY, AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Net cash flow from operating activities was $695.5 million in 2003, compared with $326.2 million in 2002 and $325.2 million in 2001. Net cash flow from operating activities improved in 2003 reflecting greater revenues and earnings, offset in part with net increases in working capital required to support our revenue growth. In 2002, working capital reflected the build up associated with the implementation of new pharmaceutical distribution business as well as purchasing opportunities. The working capital increase in 2001 reflects the timing of vendor payments, partially offset by the payment of income taxes on the gain on sale of the Water Products business that was sold in late 2000. Net cash used by investing activities was $576.1 million in 2003, compared with $383.6 million in 2002 and $315.1 million in 2001. Investing activities for 2003 include $385.8 million for acquisitions of businesses (primarily the purchase of A.L.I.) and an increase in software expenditures. These investments were partially offset by $117.9 million of proceeds from the sale of notes receivable. Expenditures for capitalized software increased in both 2003 and 2002 reflecting our investment in software developed for internal use and for resale. Net cash derived by financing activities was a use of cash of $155.2 million in 2003, a source of cash of $181.7 million in 2002, and a use of cash of $125.5 million in 2001. Fiscal 2003 financing activities include the repayment of $125.0 million of term debt that had matured. Financing activities for 2002 reflect our public offering of $400.0 million of 7.75% unsecured notes, due in 2012. These notes are redeemable at any time, in whole or in part, at our option. Net proceeds from the issuance of these notes were used to repay $175.0 million of term debt in March 2002 and for other general corporate purposes. Financing activities also include our stock repurchase program that commenced in 2001 which allows us to purchase up to $250 million of shares of our common stock in open market or private transactions. In 2003, 2002 and 2001, we repurchased approximately 0.9 million, 1.3 million and 2.2 million shares of our common stock for $25.0 million, $44.2 million and $65.6 million. Selected Measures of Liquidity and Capital Resources: March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2003 2002 2001 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 533.5 $ 562.9 $ 445.4 Working capital 3,279.2 3,112.8 2,611.5 Debt net of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 767.4 867.1 784.6 Debt to capital ratio (1) 21.6 % 25.7 % 25.0 % Net debt to net capital employed (2) 14.0 % 17.3 % 17.5 % Return on stockholders’ equity (3) 13.3 % 11.4 % (1.2 %) (1) Ratio is computed as debt divided by debt plus preferred securities and stockholders’ equity. (2) Ratio is computed as debt, net of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities (“net debt”), divided by net debt plus convertible preferred securities and stockholders’ equity. (3) Ratio is computed as income (loss) from continuing operations, divided by a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. Working capital primarily includes receivables and inventories, net of drafts and accounts payable and deferred revenue. [COMPANY] segment requires a substantial investment in working capital which is susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. Inventory purchase activity is a function of sales activity, new customer build-up requirements and the desired level of investment inventory. Consolidated working capital has increased over the past two years primarily as a result of our higher sales volume. We reduced our ratio of net debt to net capital employed and increased our return on equity during the past two years. Improvements reflect a growth in our operating profit in excess of the growth in working capital and other investments needed to fund the increase in revenue. Return on equity also reflects a decrease in impairments on equity and venture investments as well as restructuring and related asset impairment charges. 46 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Financial Obligations and Commitments: The table below presents our significant financial obligations and commitments at March 31, 2003: (In millions) 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 Thereafter Total Long-term debt $ 7.6 $ 277.9 $ 7.9 $ 28.5 $ 159.2 $ 814.4 $ 1,295.5 Capital lease obligations 2.7 0.9 0.9 0.3 0.2 0.9 5.9 Convertible preferred securities — — — — — 196.3 196.3 Operating leases 91.0 78.4 66.8 48.9 28.1 80.3 393.5 Total financial obligations $ 101.3 $ 357.2 $ 75.6 $ 77.7 $ 187.5 $ 1,091.9 $ 1,891.2 Customer guarantees $ 23.7 $ 21.1 $ 3.3 $ 60.4 $ 2.4 $ 106.0 $ 216.9 Cash contributions to investments 8.0 0.5 — — — 3.2 11.7 Other 4.2 3.0 3.0 3.0 — — 13.2 Total commitments $ 35.9 $ 24.6 $ 6.3 $ 63.4 $ 2.4 $ 109.2 $ 241.8 We have agreements with certain of our customers’ financial institutions under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of inventory at a discount in the event these customers are unable to meet certain obligations to those financial institutions. Among other limitations, these inventories must be in resalable condition. We have also guaranteed loans, credit facilities and the payment of leases for some customers; and we are a secured lender for substantially all of these guarantees. Customer guarantees range from one to ten years and were primarily provided to facilitate financing for certain strategic customers. At March 31, 2003, the maximum amounts of inventory repurchase guarantees and other customer guarantees were approximately $150.4 million and $66.5 million. We consider it unlikely that we would make significant payments under these guarantees, and accordingly, amounts accrued for these guarantees were nominal. At March 31, 2003, we had commitments to provide $11.7 million of cash contributions to Verispan and other equity-held investments and other commitments of $13.2 million, of which no amounts had been accrued for. In addition, our banks and insurance companies have issued $46.4 million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds on our behalf in order to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations, and our workers’ compensation and automotive liability programs. Credit Resources: We fund our working capital requirements primarily with cash, short-term borrowings and our receivables sale facility. We have a $550.0 million 364-day revolving credit agreement that expires in September 2003 and a $550.0 million three-year revolving credit facility that expires in September 2005. These facilities, which were entered into in September 2002, are primarily intended to support our commercial paper borrowings, and the terms of which are substantially similar to those previously in place. We also have a $950.0 million (2002-$850.0 million) revolving receivables sale facility, which expires in June 2003. We anticipate renewing the receivable sales facility prior to its expiration. No amounts were utilized under any of these facilities at March 31, 2003. Our senior debt credit ratings from S&P, Fitch, and Moody’s are currently BBB, BBB and Baa2, and our commercial paper ratings are currently A-2, F-2, and P-2. Our ratings are on a negative credit outlook. Our various borrowing facilities and certain long-term debt instruments are subject to covenants. Our principal debt covenant is our debt to capital ratio, which cannot exceed 56.5%. If we exceed this ratio, repayment of debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility and $335 million of term debt could be accelerated. At March 31, 2003, this ratio was 21.6% and we were in compliance with all other covenants. A reduction in our credit ratings or the lack of compliance with our covenants could result in a negative impact on our ability to finance our operations through our credit facilities, as well as the issuance of additional debt at the interest rates then currently available. Funds necessary for future debt maturities and our other cash requirements are expected to be met by existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, existing credit sources and other capital market transactions. 47 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) MARKET RISKS Our long-term debt bears interest predominately at fixed rates, whereas our short-term borrowings are at variable interest rates. If the underlying weighted average interest rate on our variable rate debt were to have changed by 50 basis points in 2003, interest expense would not have been materially different from that reported. As of March 31, 2003, the aggregate fair values of our long-term debt and convertible preferred securities were $1,482.6 million and $189.5 million. Each preferred security is convertible at the rate of 1.3418 shares of our stock, subject to certain circumstances. Fair values were estimated on the basis of quoted market prices, although trading in these debt securities is limited and may not reflect fair value. Fair values are subject to fluctuations based on our performance, our credit ratings, changes in the value of our stock and changes in interest rates for debt securities with similar terms. We derive revenues from Canada, France, Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. We also have a 22% equity interest in a pharmaceutical distributor in Mexico. We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk on cash flows related to sales, expenses, financing and investment transactions. If exchange rates on such currencies were to fluctuate 10%, we believe that our results from operations and cash flows would not be materially affected. Aggregate foreign exchange translation gains and losses included in operations, comprehensive income and stockholders’ equity are discussed in Financial Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, “Significant Accounting Policies.” RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS Information regarding our related party balances and transactions is included in “Critical Accounting Policies” appearing within this Financial Review and Financial Note 20, “Related Party Balances and Transactions,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS There are a number of new accounting pronouncements that may impact our financial results. These new pronouncements are described in Financial Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. FACTORS AFFECTING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS In addition to historical information, management’s discussion and analysis includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by use of forward-looking words such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “intends,” “plans,” or “estimates,” or the negative of these words, or other comparable terminology. The discussion of financial trends, strategy, plans or intentions may also include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Although it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks and uncertainties, they may include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed under “Additional Factors That May Affect Future Results.” The reader should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. These and other risks and uncertainties are described herein or in our other public documents. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 48 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) ADDITIONAL FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS The following additional factors may affect our future results: Adverse resolution of pending litigation regarding the restatement of our historical financial statements may cause us to incur material losses. Subsequent to our April 28, 1999 restatement of financial results announcement, and as of April 29, 2003, ninety-one lawsuits have been filed against us, certain of our current or former officers or directors, or those of HBOC, and other defendants. In addition, the United States Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of California and the Midland, Kansas District Office of the SEC also have ongoing investigations in connection with the matters relating to the restatement of previously reported amounts. We do not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of these proceedings, or to estimate the amount of, or potential range of, loss with respect to these proceedings. In addition, the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against us or settlements that could require substantial payments by us, which could cause us to incur material losses. Changes in the United States healthcare environment could have a material negative impact on our revenues and net income. Our products and services are primarily intended to function within the structure of the healthcare financing and reimbursement system currently being used in the United States. In recent years, the healthcare industry has changed significantly in an effort to reduce costs. These changes include increased use of managed care, cuts in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement levels, consolidation of pharmaceutical and medical-surgical supply distributors, and the development of large, sophisticated purchasing groups. We expect the healthcare industry to continue to change significantly in the future. Some of these changes, such as a reduction in governmental funding of healthcare services or adverse changes in legislation or regulations governing the privacy of patient information, or the delivery or pricing of pharmaceuticals and healthcare services or mandated benefits, may cause healthcare industry participants to greatly reduce the amount of our products and services they purchase or the price they are willing to pay for our products and services. Changes in pharmaceutical and medical-surgical manufacturers’ pricing, selling, inventory or distribution policies or practices, or changes in our customer mix could also significantly reduce our revenues and net income. Due to the diverse range of healthcare supply management and healthcare information technology products and services that we offer, such changes may adversely impact us, while not affecting some of our competitors who offer a narrower range of products and services. Healthcare and public policy trends indicate that the number of generic drugs will increase over the next few years as a result of the expiration of certain drug patents. In recent years, our revenues and gross margins have increased from our generic drug offering programs. An increase or a decrease in the availability of these generic drugs could have a material impact on our net income. Substantial defaults in payment or a material reduction in purchases of our products by large customers could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations and liquidity. In recent years, a significant portion of our revenue growth has been with a limited number of large customers. During the year ended March 31, 2003, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 50% of our total revenues. Sales to our largest customer, [COMPANY], represented approximately 12% of our 2003 revenues. At March 31, 2003, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers and [COMPANY] were approximately 43% and 10% of total accounts receivable. As a result, our sales and credit concentration have significantly increased. Any defaults in payment or a material reduction in purchases from this large customer could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 49 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments are dependent upon sophisticated information systems. The implementation delay, malfunction or failure of these systems for any extended period of time could adversely affect our business. We rely on sophisticated information systems in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze and manage data to: facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis, manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers and process payments to suppliers. Our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected if these systems are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen events, or fail for any extended period of time. We could become subject to liability claims that are not adequately covered by our insurance, and may have to pay damages and other expenses which could have a material adverse effect on us. Our business exposes us to risks that are inherent in the distribution and dispensing of pharmaceuticals, the provision of ancillary services (such as our pharmacy management business) and the conduct of our medical management businesses (which include disease management programs and our nurse triage services). A successful product or professional liability claim not fully covered by our insurance or any applicable contractual indemnity could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The ability of our [COMPANY] business to attract and retain customers due to challenges in software product integration and technological advances may significantly reduce our revenues or increase our expenses. [COMPANY] business delivers enterprise-wide patient care, clinical, financial, managed care, payor and strategic management software solutions, as well as networking technologies, electronic commerce, outsourcing and other services to healthcare organizations throughout the United States and certain foreign countries. Challenges in integrating [COMPANY] software products could impair our ability to attract and retain customers and may reduce our revenues or increase our expenses. Future advances in the healthcare information systems industry could lead to new technologies, products or services that are competitive with the products and services offered by our [COMPANY] business. Such technological advances could also lower the cost of such products and services or otherwise result in competitive pricing pressure. The success of our [COMPANY] business will depend, in part, on its ability to be responsive to technological developments, pricing pressures and changing business models. To remain competitive in the evolving healthcare information systems marketplace, our [COMPANY] business must develop new products on a timely basis. The failure to develop competitive products and to introduce new products on a timely basis could curtail the ability of our [COMPANY] business to attract and retain customers and thereby significantly reduce our net income. [COMPANY] segment utilizes licenses from third parties. We license the rights to use certain technologies from third-party vendors to incorporate in or complement our [COMPANY] segment products and solutions. These licenses are generally nonexclusive, must be renewed periodically by mutual consent, and may be terminated if we breach the terms of the license. As a result, we may have to discontinue, delay or reduce product shipments until we obtain equivalent technology, which could hurt our business. Our competitors may obtain the right to use any of the technology covered by these licenses and use the technology to compete directly with us. In addition, if our vendors choose to discontinue support of the licensed technology in the future, we may not be able to modify or adapt our own products. Proprietary technology protections may not be adequate and proprietary rights may infringe on the rights of third parties. We rely on a combination of trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our proprietary rights to our products. There can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology. Although we believe that our products and other proprietary rights do not infringe upon the proprietary rights of third parties, from time to time third parties have asserted infringement claims against us and there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us in the future. If we were found to be infringing on other’s rights, we may be required to pay substantial damage awards and forced to develop non-infringing technology, obtain a license or cease selling the products that contain the infringing property. Additionally, we may find it necessary to initiate litigation to protect our trade secrets, to enforce our patent, copyright and trademark rights, and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. These types of litigation can be costly and time consuming. These litigation expenses, damage payments, or cessation of use of infringing technology and development of respective replacement technology could be significant and result in material losses to us. 50 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Potential product liability claims arising from healthcare information technology business products could result in material losses to us. We provide products that assist clinical decision-making and relate to patient medical histories and treatment plans. If these products fail to provide accurate and timely information, customers could assert liability claims against us. Litigation with respect to liability claims, regardless of the outcome, could result in substantial cost to us, divert management’s attention from operations and decrease market acceptance of our products. We attempt to limit, by contract, our liability for damages from negligence, errors or mistakes. Despite this precaution, the limitations of liability set forth in the contracts may not be enforceable or may not otherwise protect us from liability for damages. We maintain general liability insurance coverage, including coverage for errors and omissions. However, this coverage may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims against us. In addition, the insurer might disclaim coverage as to any future claim. System errors and warranties in [COMPANY] segment’s products could cause unforeseen liabilities. [COMPANY] segment’s systems are very complex. As with complex systems offered by others, our systems may contain errors, especially when first introduced. [COMPANY] business systems are intended to provide information for healthcare providers in providing patient care. Therefore, users of our products have a greater sensitivity to system errors than the general market for software products. Failure of a client’s system to perform in accordance with our documentation could constitute a breach of warranty and could require us to incur additional expense in order to make the system comply with the documentation. If such failure is not remedied in a timely manner, it could constitute a material breach under a contract, allowing the client to cancel the contract, obtain refunds of amounts previously paid, or assert claims for significant damages. Potential regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, of [COMPANY] products as medical devices could impose increased costs, delay the introduction of new products and negatively impact our business. The FDA is likely to become increasingly active in regulating computer software intended for use in the healthcare industry. The FDA has increasingly focused on the regulation of computer products and computer-assisted products as medical devices under the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. If the FDA chooses to regulate any of our products as medical devices, it can impose extensive requirements upon us. If we fail to comply with the applicable requirements, the FDA could respond by imposing fines, injunctions or civil penalties, requiring recalls or product corrections, suspending production, refusing to grant pre-market clearance of products, withdrawing clearances and initiating criminal prosecution. Any final FDA policy governing computer products, once issued, may increase the cost and time to market new or existing products or may prevent us from marketing our products. New and potential federal regulations relating to patient confidentiality could depress the demand for our [COMPANY] products and impose significant product redesign costs on us. State and federal laws regulate the confidentiality of patient records and the circumstances under which those records may be released. These regulations govern both the disclosure and use of confidential patient medical record information and will require the users of such information to implement specified security measures. Regulations currently in place governing electronic health data transmissions continue to evolve and are often unclear and difficult to apply. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, requires national standards for some types of electronic health information transactions and the data elements used in those transactions, security standards to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of health information and standards to protect the privacy of individually identifiable health information. In December 2000, final health data privacy regulations were published that required healthcare organizations to be in compliance by April 2003. Such organizations must also be in compliance with additional transaction regulations by October 2003 and security regulations by April 2005. Evolving HIPAA-related laws or regulations could restrict the ability of our customers to obtain, use or disseminate patient information. This could adversely affect demand for our products if they are not re-designed in 51 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Concluded) a timely manner in order to meet the requirements of any new regulations that seek to protect the privacy and security of patient data or enable our customers to execute new or modified healthcare transactions. We may need to expend additional capital, research and development and other resources to modify our products to address these evolving data security and privacy issues. Due to the length of our sales and implementation cycles for our [COMPANY] segment, our future operating results may be impacted. [COMPANY] segment has long sales and implementation cycles, which could range from several months to over two years or more from initial contact with the customer to completion of implementation. How and when to implement, replace, or expand an information system, or modify or add business processes, are major decisions for healthcare organizations. The solutions we provide typically require significant capital expenditures and time commitments by the customer. Any decision by our customers to delay implementation may adversely affect our revenues. Furthermore, delays or failures to meet milestones established in our agreements may result in a breach of contract, termination of the agreement, damages and/or penalties as well as a reduction in our margins or a delay in our ability to recognize revenue. Reduced capacity in the commercial property insurance market exposes us to potential loss. In order to provide prompt and complete service to our major [COMPANY] customers, we maintain significant product inventory at certain of our distribution centers. While we seek to maintain property insurance coverage in amounts sufficient for our business, there can be no assurance that our property insurance will be adequate or available on acceptable terms. One or more large casualty losses caused by fire, earthquake or other natural disaster in excess of our coverage limits could materially harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our business could be hindered if we are unable to complete and integrate acquisitions successfully. An element of our strategy is to identify, pursue and consummate acquisitions that either expand or complement our business. Integration of acquisitions involves a number of risks, including the diversion of management’s attention to the assimilation of the operations of businesses we have acquired; difficulties in the integration of operations and systems and the realization of potential operating synergies; the assimilation and retention of the personnel of the acquired companies; challenges in retaining the customers of the combined businesses; and potential adverse effects on operating results. In addition, we may potentially require additional financing in order to fund future acquisitions, which may or may not be attainable. If we are unable to successfully complete and integrate strategic acquisitions in a timely manner, our business and our growth strategies could be negatively affected. In addition to the above, the following factors could effect future results: timing and amounts of ongoing customer settlements within our [COMPANY] segment; changes in generally accepted accounting principles, including the requirement by accounting setting standards boards to expense stock options; and general economic conditions. 52 Table of [COMPANY] INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT The Stockholders and Board of Directors of Apex Health Distribution: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apex Health Distribution and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended March 31, 2003. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Apex Health Distribution and subsidiaries at March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2003, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects, the information set forth therein. As discussed in Financial Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is involved in certain shareholder litigation related to HBO & Company and subsidiaries. As discussed in Financial Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, in fiscal 2002 the Company changed its method of accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets to conform to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . As discussed in Financial Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, in fiscal 2003 the Company changed its method of accounting for discontinued operations to conform to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . Deloitte & [COMPANY] Midland, Kansas April 29, 2003, except for paragraphs 25, 30, 31 and 32 of Financial Note 18, as to which the date is June 4, 2003 53 Table of [COMPANY] CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In millions, except per share amounts) Years Ended March 31, 2003 2002 2001 Revenues $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 $ 42,000.1 Cost of Sales 54,018.3 47,199.6 39,583.1 Gross Profit 3,102.5 2,788.5 2,417.0 Operating Expenses Selling 499.0 425.6 379.7 Distribution 571.7 502.7 509.2 Research and development 149.4 135.1 147.6 Administrative 952.5 1,004.6 1,175.6 Loss on sales of businesses, net — 22.0 — Total 2,172.6 2,090.0 2,212.1 Operating Income 929.9 698.5 204.9 Interest Expense (114.8 ) (112.9 ) (111.2 ) Gain (Loss) on Investments, Net 1.4 (13.7 ) (120.9 ) Other Income, Net 45.1 40.4 42.0 Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Dividends on Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Trust 861.6 612.3 14.8 Income Taxes 293.3 184.3 51.9 Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations Before Dividends on Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Trust 568.3 428.0 (37.1 ) Dividends on Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Trust, Net of Tax Benefit of $4.0 per year (6.2 ) (6.2 ) (6.2 ) Income (Loss) After Income Taxes Continuing operations 562.1 421.8 (43.3 ) Discontinued operations (3.0 ) (3.2 ) (5.0 ) Discontinued operations — loss on sale (3.7 ) — — Net Income (Loss) $ 555.4 $ 418.6 $ (48.3 ) Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share Diluted Continuing operations $ 1.90 $ 1.44 $ (0.15 ) Discontinued operations (0.01 ) (0.01 ) (0.02 ) Discontinued operations — loss on sale (0.01 ) — — Total $ 1.88 $ 1.43 $ (0.17 ) Basic Continuing operations $ 1.94 $ 1.48 $ (0.15 ) Discontinued operations (0.01 ) (0.01 ) (0.02 ) Discontinued operations — loss on sale (0.01 ) — — Total $ 1.92 $ 1.47 $ (0.17 ) Weighted Average Shares Diluted 298.8 298.1 283.1 Basic 289.3 285.2 283.1 [COMPANY] Notes 54 Table of [COMPANY] CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except per share amounts) March 31, 2003 2002 2001 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 522.0 $ 557.8 $ 433.5 Marketable securities available for sale 11.5 5.1 11.9 Receivables, net 4,594.7 3,998.1 3,439.4 Inventories 6,022.5 6,011.5 5,116.4 Prepaid expenses 102.9 128.6 157.3 Total 11,253.6 10,701.1 9,158.5 Property, Plant and Equipment, net 593.7 593.5 594.2 Capitalized Software Held for Sale 126.2 118.4 103.7 Notes Receivable 248.6 237.7 131.3 Goodwill and Other Intangibles 1,449.5 1,115.7 1,064.4 Other Assets 681.8 559.5 479.9 Total Assets $ 14,353.4 $ 13,325.9 $ 11,532.0 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current Liabilities Drafts and accounts payable $ 6,630.7 $ 6,318.3 $ 5,338.3 Deferred revenue 459.7 404.1 399.8 Current portion of long-term debt 10.2 141.3 194.1 Salaries and wages 217.2 181.3 141.7 Taxes 221.3 121.7 79.6 Other 435.3 421.6 393.5 Total 7,974.4 7,588.3 6,547.0 Postretirement Obligations and Other Noncurrent Liabilities 363.5 312.7 260.3 Long-Term Debt 1,290.7 1,288.7 1,035.9 Apex Health Distribution-Obligated Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Grantor Trust Whose Sole Assets are Junior Subordinated Debentures of Apex Health Distribution 196.3 196.1 195.9 Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 18) Stockholders’ Equity Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 100.0 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding — — — Common stock, $0.01 par value Shares authorized: 2003 – 800.0, 2002 and 2001 – 400.0 Shares issued: 2003 – 292.3, 2002 – 287.9, 2001 – 286.3 2.9 2.9 2.9 Additional paid-in capital 1,921.2 1,831.0 1,828.7 Other capital (89.5 ) (94.9 ) (108.4 ) Retained earnings 2,843.3 2,357.2 2,006.6 Accumulated other comprehensive losses (59.1 ) (81.6 ) (75.0 ) ESOP notes and guarantees (61.7 ) (74.5 ) (89.0 ) Treasury shares, at cost, 2003 – 1.1, 2001 – 2.3 (28.6 ) — (72.9 ) Total Stockholders’ Equity 4,528.5 3,940.1 3,492.9 Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity $ 14,353.4 $ 13,325.9 $ 11,532.0 [COMPANY] Notes 55 Table of [COMPANY] CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Years Ended March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 (Shares in thousands, dollars in millions) Common Accumulated Treasury Stock Additional Other ESOP Notes Paid-in Other Retained Comprehensive and Common Stockholders’ [COMPANY] Earnings Losses Guarantees Shares Amount Equity Income (Loss) Balances, March 31, 2000 283,868 $ 2.8 $ 1,791.1 $ (126.1 ) $ 2,122.3 $ (97.1 ) $ (99.9 ) (515 ) $ (27.3 ) $ 3,565.8 Issuance of shares under employee plans 1,811 0.1 17.6 17.7 429 20.0 55.4 Employee Stock Ownership Plan (“ESOP”) note payments 10.9 10.9 Translation adjustment (15.4 ) (15.4 ) $ (15.4 ) Additional minimum pension liability, net of tax of $(0.8) 1.1 1.1 1.1 Net loss (48.3 ) (48.3 ) (48.3 ) Acquisition of MediVation.com 625 20.0 20.0 Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax of $(23.3) 36.4 36.4 36.4 Repurchase of shares (2,235 ) (65.6 ) (65.6 ) Other 0.9 0.9 Cash dividends declared, $0.24 per common share (68.3 ) (68.3 ) Balances, March 31, 2001 286,304 2.9 1,828.7 (108.4 ) 2,006.6 (75.0 ) (89.0 ) (2,321 ) (72.9 ) 3,492.9 $ (26.2 ) Issuance of shares under employee plans 1,624 5.3 13.5 3,564 117.1 135.9 ESOP note payments 14.5 14.5 Translation adjustment (4.2 ) (4.2 ) $ (4.2 ) Additional minimum pension liability, net of tax of $(1.9) (3.3 ) (3.3 ) (3.3 ) Net income 418.6 418.6 418.6 Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax of $(0.1) 0.1 0.1 0.1 Repurchase of shares (1,243 ) (44.2 ) (44.2 ) Other (3.0 ) 0.5 0.8 (1.7 ) 0.8 Cash dividends declared, $0.24 per common share (68.5 ) (68.5 ) Balances, March 31, 2002 287,928 2.9 1,831.0 (94.9 ) 2,357.2 (81.6 ) (74.5 ) — — 3,940.1 $ 412.0 Issuance of shares under employee plans 4,352 90.2 5.4 95.6 ESOP note payments 12.8 12.8 Translation adjustment 29.7 29.7 $ 29.7 Additional minimum pension liability, net of tax of $(2.1) (5.1 ) (5.1 ) (5.1 ) Net income 555.4 555.4 555.4 Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax benefit of $0.7 (1.3 ) (1.3 ) (1.3 ) Repurchase of shares (1,113 ) (28.6 ) (28.6 ) Other 0.4 (0.8 ) (0.4 ) (0.8 ) Cash dividends declared, $0.24 per common share (69.7 ) (69.7 ) Balances, March 31, 2003 292,280 $ 2.9 $ 1,921.2 $ (89.5 ) $ 2,843.3 $ (59.1 ) $ (61.7 ) (1,113 ) $ (28.6 ) $ 4,528.5 $ 577.9 [COMPANY] Notes 56 Table of [COMPANY] CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions) Years Ended March 31, 2003 2002 2001 Operating Activities Income (loss) from continuing operations $ 562.1 $ 421.8 $ (43.3 ) Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 101.2 117.2 114.9 Amortization 102.5 89.3 130.5 Provision for bad debts 68.5 61.7 237.9 Deferred taxes on income 126.6 76.8 (21.4 ) Loss on sales of businesses, net — 22.0 — Other non-cash items 9.1 45.4 282.7 Total 970.0 834.2 701.3 Effects of changes in: Receivables (641.6 ) (736.1 ) (628.5 ) Inventories 13.4 (901.5 ) (985.0 ) Drafts and accounts payable 286.5 978.9 1,483.1 Deferred revenue 50.7 7.9 34.7 Taxes 16.6 150.9 (296.7 ) Other 0.4 (5.7 ) 22.1 Total (274.0 ) (505.6 ) (370.3 ) Net cash provided by continuing operations 696.0 328.6 331.0 Discontinued operations (0.5 ) (2.4 ) (5.8 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 695.5 326.2 325.2 Investing Activities Property acquisitions (116.0 ) (130.8 ) (158.0 ) Capitalized software expenditures (183.7 ) (125.1 ) (97.5 ) Acquisitions of businesses, less cash and cash equivalents acquired (385.8 ) (73.1 ) (51.9 ) Notes receivable issuances, net (55.7 ) (58.6 ) (30.9 ) Proceeds from sale of notes receivable 117.9 — — Other 47.2 4.0 23.2 Net cash used by investing activities (576.1 ) (383.6 ) (315.1 ) Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of debt — 397.3 9.3 Repayment of debt (142.5 ) (200.7 ) (42.1 ) Dividends paid on convertible preferred securities of subsidiary trust (10.0 ) (10.0 ) (10.0 ) Capital stock transactions: Issuances 78.8 88.1 38.6 Share repurchases (25.0 ) (44.2 ) (65.6 ) ESOP notes and guarantees 12.8 14.5 10.9 Dividends paid (69.7 ) (68.5 ) (68.3 ) Other 0.4 5.2 1.7 Net cash provided (used) by financing activities (155.2 ) 181.7 (125.5 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (35.8 ) 124.3 (115.4 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 557.8 433.5 548.9 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 522.0 $ 557.8 $ 433.5 Supplemental Information: Cash paid (received) for: Interest $ 122.0 $ 108.9 $ 114.5 Income taxes 139.2 (45.7 ) 330.5 [COMPANY] Notes 57 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES 1. Significant Accounting Policies Nature of Operations. The consolidated financial statements of Apex Health Distribution (“Apex Health Distribution,” the “Company,” or “we” and other similar pronouns) include the financial statements of all majority-owned companies. Significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. [COMPANY]’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. We conduct our business through three segments: [COMPANY], Apex MedSupply and [COMPANY] segment includes our U.S. and Canadian pharmaceutical and healthcare products distribution businesses and a 22% equity interest in a pharmaceutical distributor in Mexico (Nadro S.A. de C.V., “Nadro”). [COMPANY] business also includes the manufacture and sale of automated pharmaceutical dispensing systems for hospitals and retail pharmacists, medical management and specialty pharmaceutical solutions for biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturers, patient and payor services, consulting and outsourcing services to pharmacies, and distribution of first-aid products to industrial and commercial customers. The Apex MedSupply segment distributes medical-surgical supplies and equipment, and provides logistics and related services within the [COMPANY] segment delivers enterprise-wide clinical, revenue cycle and resource management software solutions, as well as technology, outsourcing and other professional services, to healthcare organizations throughout North America, certain European countries and the United Kingdom. Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents include all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition. Marketable Securities Available for Sale are carried at fair value and the net unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, computed in marking these securities to market have been reported within stockholders’ equity. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Inventories for the [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments consist of merchandise held for resale with the majority of the cost of domestic inventories determined on the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method and international inventories stated at average cost. [COMPANY] segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost determined either by the specific identification or first-in, first-out method. The LIFO method was used to value approximately 90% of our inventories at March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001. Total inventories before the LIFO cost adjustment, which approximates replacement cost, were $6,241.0 million, $6,243.5 million and $5,358.4 million at March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001. Property, Plant and Equipment is stated at cost and depreciated on the straight-line method at rates designed to distribute the cost of properties over estimated service lives ranging from one to 50 years. Capitalized Software Held for Sale consists of development costs for software held for sale primarily for our [COMPANY] segment. Such costs are capitalized once a project has reached the point of technological feasibility. Completed projects are amortized after reaching the point of general availability using the straight-line method based on an estimated useful life of approximately three years. We monitor the net realizable value of capitalized software held for sale to ensure that the investment will be recovered through future sales. Additional information regarding our capitalized software expenditures is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Amounts capitalized $ 44.5 $ 48.0 $ 39.3 Amortization expense 44.3 37.2 31.8 Third-party royalty fees paid 24.9 20.8 17.9 58 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Long-lived Assets. We assess the recoverability of goodwill on an annual basis and other long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Measurement of impairment losses for long-lived assets, including goodwill, that we expect to hold and use is based on estimated fair values of the assets. Estimates of fair values are based on quoted market prices, when available, the results of valuation techniques utilizing discounted cash flows (using the lowest level of identifiable cash flows) or fundamental analysis. Long-lived assets to be disposed of, either by sale or abandonment, are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Capitalized Software Held for Internal Use is amortized over estimated useful lives ranging from one to 10 years and is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. As of March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, capitalized software held for internal use was $327.6 million, $224.3 million and $139.8 million, net of accumulated amortization of $127.7 million, $99.0 million, and $90.3 million. Insurance Programs. Under our insurance programs, we seek to obtain coverage for catastrophic exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. It is our policy to retain a significant portion of certain losses primarily related to workers’ compensation and comprehensive general, product, and vehicle liability. Provisions for losses expected under these programs are recorded based upon our estimate of the aggregate liability for claims incurred. Such estimates utilize certain actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry. Revenue Recognition . Revenues for our [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments are recognized when products are shipped or services are provided to customers. Included in our [COMPANY] segment revenues are large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to major self-warehousing drugstore chains whereby we act as an intermediary in the order and subsequent delivery of products directly from the manufacturer to the customers’ warehouses. These sales totaled $14.8 billion in 2003, $13.2 billion in 2002, and $10.7 billion in 2001. Revenues for our [COMPANY] segment are generated primarily by licensing software systems (consisting of software, hardware and maintenance support), and providing outsourcing and professional services. Software systems are marketed under information systems agreements as well as service agreements. Perpetual software arrangements are recognized at the time of delivery or under the percentage-of-completion contract method in accordance with Statement of Position (“SOP”) 97-2, “Software Revenue Recognition” and SOP 81-1 “Accounting for Performance of Construction-Type and Certain Production-Type Contracts,” based on the terms and conditions in the contract. Changes in estimates to complete and revisions in overall profit estimates on percentage of completion contracts are recognized in the period in which they are determined. We accrue for contract losses if and when the current estimate of total contract costs exceeds total contract revenue. In 2003, a contract loss provision of $51.0 million was included in cost of sales, reflecting expected losses for certain multi-year contracts within this segment’s international business. This provision is subject to change as additional information is obtained and as the contracts progress towards completion. Hardware is generally recognized upon delivery. Multi-year software license agreements are recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. Software implementation fees are recognized as the work is performed or under the percentage-of-completion contract method. Maintenance and support agreements are marketed under annual or multiyear agreements and are recognized ratably over the period covered by the agreements. Remote processing services are recognized monthly as the service is performed. Outsourcing services are recognized as the service is performed. We also offer our products on an application service provider (“ASP”) basis, making available our software functionality on a remote hosting basis from our data centers. The data centers provide system and administrative support as well as hosting services. Revenue on products sold on an ASP basis is recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the contract starting when the hosting services begin. Income Taxes . We account for income taxes under the liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. 59 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Foreign Currency Translation. Assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates, and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year. Cumulative currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive losses in the stockholders’ equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. Realized gains and losses from currency exchange transactions are recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and were not material to our consolidated results of operations in 2003, 2002 or 2001. [COMPANY] Instruments . Derivative financial instruments are used principally in the management of our foreign currency and interest rate exposures and are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive losses and are recognized in the consolidated statement of earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. Derivative instruments not designated as hedges are marked-to-market at the end of each accounting period with the results included in earnings. Concentrations of Credit Risk. Trade receivables subject us to a concentration of credit risk with customers primarily in our [COMPANY] segment. A significant proportion of the increase in revenues has been to a limited number of large customers and as a result, our credit concentration has increased. Accordingly, any defaults in payment by or a reduction in purchases from these large customers could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. At March 31, 2003, revenues and accounts receivables from our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 50% and 43% of total revenues and accounts receivables. Fiscal 2003 revenues to, and March 31, 2003 receivables from, our largest customer, [COMPANY], represented approximately 12% of total revenues and 10% of accounts receivable. We have also provided financing arrangements to certain of our customers within our [COMPANY] segment, some of which are on a revolving basis. At March 31, 2003, these arrangements totaled $275.9 million and we have a security interest in the customers’ assets. Accounts Receivable Sales. At March 31, 2003, we had a $950 million committed receivables sales facility which was fully available. The program qualifies for sale treatment under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 140, “Accounting For Transfers and [COMPANY] Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities.” Sales are recorded at the estimated fair values of the receivables sold, reflecting discounts for the time value of money based on U.S. commercial paper rates and estimated loss provisions. Discounts are recorded in administration expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Employee Stock Options . We account for our employee stock-based compensation plans using the intrinsic value method under Accounting Principles Board (“APB”) Opinion No. 25, “Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.” Had compensation cost for our employee stock-based compensation been recognized based on the fair value method, consistent with the provisions of SFAS No. 123, “Stock-Based Compensation,” net income (loss) and earnings (loss) per share would have been as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2003 2002 2001 Net income (loss), as reported $ 555.4 $ 418.6 $ (48.3 ) Compensation expense, net of tax: APB Opinion No. 25 expense included in net income 3.2 6.9 3.0 SFAS No. 123 expense (159.5 ) (168.6 ) (139.7 ) Pro forma net income (loss) $ 399.1 $ 256.9 $ (185.0 ) Earnings per common share: Diluted — as reported $ 1.88 $ 1.43 $ (0.17 ) Diluted — pro forma 1.36 0.88 (0.65 ) Basic — as reported 1.92 1.47 (0.17 ) Basic — pro forma 1.38 0.90 (0.65 ) 60 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) New Accounting Pronouncements . On April 1, 2001, we adopted SFAS No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,” as amended in June 2000 by SFAS No. 138, “Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities,” which establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments and for hedging activities. These statements require that we recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and measure these instruments at fair value. The adoption of this accounting standard did not materially impact our consolidated financial statements. In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued SFAS No. 141, “Business Combinations,” which eliminated the pooling method of accounting for all business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001 and addresses the initial recognition and measurement of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired in a business combination. We adopted this accounting standard for business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001. In June 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,” which addresses the financial accounting and reporting standards for the acquisition of intangible assets outside of a business combination and for goodwill and other intangible assets subsequent to their acquisition. This accounting standard requires that goodwill be separately disclosed from other intangible assets in the consolidated balance sheets, and no longer be amortized but tested for impairment at least annually. We adopted SFAS No. 142 on April 1, 2001 and in accordance with this standard, we discontinued the amortization of goodwill effective on this date. Had goodwill not been amortized in 2001, net loss would have been $46.1 million lower than reported, to $2.2 million, from $48.3 million. Similarly, diluted and basic loss per share would have been $0.16 lower than reported, to $0.01 from $0.17. Also in June 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 143, “Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations,” which addresses financial accounting requirements for retirement obligations associated with tangible long-lived assets. In May 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 145, “Rescission of FASB Statements 4, 44, 64, Amendment to FASB Statement No. 13, and Technical Corrections as of April 2002.” SFAS No. 145 amends other existing authoritative pronouncements to make various technical corrections, clarify meanings, or describe their applicability under changed conditions. SFAS Nos. 143 and 145 will become effective for 2004. These statements are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets,” that replaces SFAS No. 121, “Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of.” SFAS No. 144 requires that long-lived assets to be disposed of by sale, including those of discontinued operations, be measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Discontinued operations are no longer measured at net realizable value or include amounts for operating losses that have not yet been incurred. SFAS No. 144 also broadens the reporting of discontinued operations to include all components of an entity with operations that can be distinguished from the rest of the entity and that will be eliminated from the ongoing operations in a disposal transaction. We adopted SFAS No. 144 as of April 1, 2002. As a result of this new standard, in 2003, the Company reclassified a disposition of a business as a discontinued operation (see Financial Note 3). In July 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 146, “Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities,” which replaces Emerging Issues Task Force (“EITF”) Issue No. 94-3, “Liability Recognition for Certain Employee Termination Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an Activity.” SFAS No. 146 requires that liabilities associated with exit or disposal activities be recognized when they are incurred. Under EITF Issue No. 94-3, a liability for exit costs is recognized at the date of a commitment to an exit plan. SFAS No. 146 also requires that the liability be measured and recorded at fair value. Accordingly, this standard may affect the timing of recognizing future restructuring costs as well as the amounts recognized. The provisions of SFAS No. 146 are required to be adopted for restructuring activities initiated after December 31, 2002 on a prospective basis. Liabilities recognized prior to the initial application of SFAS No. 146 are continued to be accounted for in accordance with preexisting guidance. We adopted this standard as of January 1, 2003. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In November 2002, the FASB issued Interpretation (“FIN”) No. 45, “Guarantor’s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others.” This interpretation elaborates on the disclosures to be made by a guarantor in its interim and annual financial statements about obligations under certain guarantees that it has issued. It also clarifies that a guarantor is required to recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a liability for the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. The disclosure requirements of FIN No. 45 are effective for interim and annual periods ending after December 15, 2002, 61 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) and we have adopted those requirements in the accompanying Financial Note 16. The initial recognition and measurement requirements of FIN No. 45 are effective prospectively for guarantees issued or modified after December 31, 2002. FIN No. 45 is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In November 2002, the FASB reached a consensus regarding EITF Issue No. 00-21, “Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables.” EITF Issue No. 00-21 addresses accounting for arrangements that may involve the delivery or performance of multiple products, services, and/or rights to use assets. The guidance provided by EITF Issue No. 00-21 is effective for us on contracts entered into on or after July 1, 2003. We do not believe the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Also in November 2002, the FASB reached a consensus on EITF Issue No. 02-16, “Accounting by a Customer (Including a Reseller) for Certain Consideration Received from a Vendor.” EITF Issue No. 02-16 provides that cash consideration received from a vendor is presumed to be a reduction of the prices of the vendor’s products or services and should, therefore, be characterized as a reduction in cost of sales unless it is a payment for assets or services delivered to the vendor, in which case the cash consideration should be characterized as revenue, or it is a reimbursement of costs incurred to sell the vendor’s products, in which case the cash consideration should be characterized as a reduction of that cost. This consensus is generally effective for new or modified agreements subsequent to November 2002. We were previously accounting for rebates in accordance with this consensus, and as a result, the adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation — Transition and Disclosure.” This statement amends SFAS No. 123, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation,” to provide alternative methods of transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation. In addition, SFAS No. 148 amends the disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 123 to require prominent disclosures in both annual and interim financial statements about the method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation and the effect of the method used on reported results. As required, we adopted the disclosure provisions of this standard. We are currently assessing the fair value approach under SFAS No. 123 and the transitional provisions of SFAS No. 148. In January 2003, the FASB issued FIN No. 46, “Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities.” This interpretation clarifies the application of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51, “[COMPANY] Statements,” in determining whether a reporting entity should consolidate certain legal entities, including partnerships, limited liability companies, or trusts, among others, collectively defined as variable interest entities (“VIEs”). This interpretation applies to VIEs created or obtained after January 31, 2003, and as of July 1, 2003, to VIEs in which an enterprise holds a variable interest that it acquired before February 1, 2003. We are currently assessing the impact of FIN No. 46 on our consolidated financial statements; however, we do not believe that the adoption of such standard will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In April 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 149, “Amendment of Statement 133 on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.” SFAS No. 149 amends SFAS No. 133 for decisions made as part of the FASB’s [COMPANY] process, other FASB projects dealing with financial instruments, and in connection with implementation issues raised in relation to the application of the definition of a derivative. This statement is generally effective for contracts entered into or modified after June 30, 2003 and for hedging relationships designated after June 30, 2003. We are currently assessing the impact of SFAS No. 149 on our consolidated financial statements. 62 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 2. Acquisitions and Investments We made the following acquisitions and investments over the last three years: — In July and September 2002, we acquired the outstanding stock of [COMPANY]. (“A.L.I.”) by means of a cash tender offer. A.L.I., which is based in British Columbia, Canada, provides digital medical imaging solutions which are designed to streamline access to diagnostic information, automate clinical workflow and eliminate the need for film purchase and storage. The acquisition of A.L.I. complements our Horizon Clinicals™ offering by incorporating medical images into a computerized patient record. The results of A.L.I.’s operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements within our [COMPANY] segment since the July acquisition date. The aggregate purchase price for A.L.I. was $347.0 million and was financed through cash and short-term borrowings. The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition: (In millions) Current assets $ 21.3 Long-term assets: Goodwill 328.1 Other (primarily intangibles) 19.1 Liabilities (21.5 ) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 347.0 The acquired intangibles represent technology assets and have a weighted-average useful life of five years. None of the amount assigned to goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. — In May 2002, the Company and [COMPANY] formed a joint venture, Verispan, L.L.C. (“Verispan”). Verispan is a provider of patient-level data delivered in near real time as well as a supplier of other healthcare information. We have an approximate 45% equity interest in the joint venture. The initial contribution to the joint venture of $12.1 million consisted of $7.7 million in net assets from a [COMPANY]’ business and $4.4 million in cash. Additional cash contributions of $1.9 million have been made subsequent to formation. As of March 31, 2003, we have committed to provide additional aggregate cash contributions of up to $8.5 million and to purchase a total of $12.0 million in services from the joint venture through 2007. No gain or loss was recognized as a result of this transaction. — In February 2002, our [COMPANY] segment acquired, for approximately $62 million in cash, the net assets of PMO, Inc., a national specialty pharmacy business (having previously done business as VitaRx), that provides mail order pharmaceutical prescription services to managed care patients. — In July 2000, we acquired MediVation, Inc., a provider of an automated web-based system for physicians to communicate with patients online, for approximately $24 million in cash, $14 million in our common stock and the assumption of $6 million of employee stock incentives. — In April 2000, the Company and three other healthcare product distributors announced an agreement to form the New Health Exchange (subsequently renamed Health Nexis). In the third quarter of 2002, Health Nexis merged with The Global Health Exchange (“GHE”), which significantly diluted our percentage ownership in the combined organization. As a result, we changed from the equity to the cost method of accounting for this investment. In 2002 and 2001, we invested $7.0 million and $10.8 million in GHE. — During the last three years we have also made several small acquisitions and investments within our [COMPANY] segment. In 2003, we purchased a remaining interest in an investment for approximately $31.5 million, retained a small portion of the business and subsequently sold the balance for approximately $40.0 million, the proceeds of which consisted of an interest bearing ten-year note receivable, resulting in a nominal loss. Pro forma results of operations for these business acquisitions have not been presented because the effects were not material to the consolidated financial statements on either an individual or aggregate basis. 63 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 3. Discontinued Operations and Other Divestitures In September 2002, we sold the net assets of a marketing fulfillment business which was previously included in our [COMPANY] segment. Net proceeds from the sale of this business were $4.5 million. The disposition resulted in an after-tax loss of $3.7 million or $0.01 per diluted share. The net assets and results of operations of this business have been presented as a discontinued operation and, as a result, prior year amounts have been reclassified. In 2000, we sold our wholly-owned subsidiary, [COMPANY] (the “Water Products business”), to Groupe Danone for approximately $1.1 billion in cash. Fiscal 2003 and 2001 results include adjustments to the gain on discontinued operations for the Water Products business. Results of discontinued operations were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Revenues $ 8.4 $ 17.9 $ 19.0 Discontinued operations before income taxes $ (4.5 ) $ (4.9 ) $ (8.2 ) Income taxes 1.5 1.7 3.2 Discontinued operations (3.0 ) (3.2 ) (5.0 ) Loss on sale of business, net of tax of $2.3 (3.7 ) — — Loss on discontinued operations $ (6.7 ) $ (3.2 ) $ (5.0 ) Assets and liabilities of our discontinued operations were $7.3 million and $3.6 million at March 31, 2002, and $8.0 million and $3.4 million at March 31, 2001. In 2002, we sold three businesses, Abaton.com, Inc., [COMPANY], Inc. and [COMPANY]. Two of these businesses were from our [COMPANY] segment and one was from our [COMPANY] segment. Net proceeds from the sale of these businesses were $0.2 million, resulting in a pre-tax loss of $22.0 million and an after-tax gain of $22.0 million. For accounting purposes, the net assets of one of these businesses were written down in 2001 in connection with the restructuring of our former iMcKesson segment. The tax benefit could not be recognized until 2002 when the sale of the business was completed. In addition, as SFAS No. 144 was not effective until 2003, the dispositions of these businesses were not treated as discontinued operations. 4. Restructuring and Related Asset Impairments With the exception of our customer settlement process, we have completed the restructuring programs described below. Net charges (credits) from restructuring activities over the last three years were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 By Expense Type: Severance $ (5.8 ) $ 14.0 $ 36.6 Exit-related costs (0.3 ) 18.2 10.1 Write-down of assets 1.3 7.6 148.1 Subtotal (4.8 ) 39.8 194.8 Customer settlement reserves (22.3 ) — 161.1 Total $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 $ 355.9 By Statement of Operations Classification: Operating expenses $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 $ 332.8 Other income — — 23.1 Total $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 $ 355.9 By Segment: [COMPANY] $ 7.7 $ 2.6 $ 28.2 Apex MedSupply (11.7 ) 26.0 0.7 [COMPANY] (22.3 ) 12.0 293.1 Corporate (0.8 ) (0.8 ) 33.9 Total $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 $ 355.9 64 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) In 2003, we recorded net credits for restructuring activities of $4.8 million primarily related to the following: — Net reversals of $5.5 million and $6.5 million for severance and exit-related accruals pertaining to our 2002 Apex MedSupply segment distribution center network consolidation plan. The reversals were the result of our re-evaluation of this segment’s distribution center strategy. The original consolidation plan included a net reduction of 20 distribution centers, from 51, compared to a net reduction of 14 under the revised plan. This revised consolidation plan resulted in the termination of 261 employees, primarily in distribution delivery and associated back-office functions. — We recorded restructuring charges of $2.9 million for severance, exit-related costs and asset impairments pertaining to the closure of a [COMPANY]’ distribution center. The closure resulted in the termination of 65 employees. — We recorded $5.1 million in charges for additional facility closure costs, reflecting a change in estimated costs associated with prior year restructuring plans in our [COMPANY] segment. In 2002, we recorded net charges for restructuring activities of $39.8 million as follows: — We recorded severance charges of $19.8 million, exit-related charges of $19.5 million and asset solutions impairment charges of $7.6 million primarily related to a plan to reduce the number of distribution centers in our Apex MedSupply segment from 51 to 31, restructuring activities in our European and U.S. businesses in our Information segment, and closures of a distribution center and a facility for a service business in our [COMPANY] segment. Excluding the Apex MedSupply segment restructuring initiatives, which were later revised in 2003, 295 employees, primarily in distribution, delivery and associated back-office functions, were terminated as a result of these activities. — We also reassessed restructuring plans initiated prior to 2002, and reversed a total of $7.1 million in severance and exit-related reserves due to a change in estimated costs to complete these activities. In 2001, we recorded net charges for restructuring activities of $194.8 million. These charges were for several initiatives, the most significant of which were: — We restructured our former iMcKesson segment. Responsibility for iMcKesson’s medical management business was transferred to our [COMPANY] segment and the physician services business to our [COMPANY] segment. The iMcKesson segment was created in the first quarter of 2001 with the intention of focusing on healthcare applications using the Internet and other emerging technologies, and included selected net assets from our former e-Health, [COMPANY] and [COMPANY] segments as well as other 2001 acquisitions and investments. In connection with the assessment of these businesses, we shut down certain iMcKesson operations. We wrote down goodwill and intangibles totaling $116.2 million arising from the acquisitions of Abaton.com and MediVation, Inc., based upon an updated analysis of discounted cash flows. We also recorded $29.8 million in asset impairments, including $23.1 million for the write — down of equity investments whose market values had significantly declined and $5.2 million in capitalized software costs. In addition, we recorded $9.1 million in exit-related costs, including $6.0 million for non-cancelable obligations directly related to discontinued products. In connection with the above restructuring, we incurred $29.0 million in severance charges relating to the termination of 220 employees, primarily in sales, service and administration functions. — We recorded $10.0 million in restructuring and asset related impairment charges ($5.6 million in severance, $2.3 million in exit costs and $2.1 million in asset impairments) related to workforce reductions in our [COMPANY] segment associated with the closure of a pharmaceutical distribution center, closure of a medical management call center, closures of facilities in the pharmaceutical services business and staff reductions in the pharmacy management business. In connection with these restructurings, 240 employees were terminated who were primarily in sales, service, administration and distribution center functions. 65 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The following table summarizes the activity related to the restructuring liabilities for the three years ending March 31, 2003: [COMPANY] Corporate Exit- Exit- Exit- Exit- (In millions) Severance Related Severance Related Severance Related Severance Related Total Balance, March 31, 2000 $ 3.4 $ 3.5 $ 3.8 $ 6.6 $ 4.9 $ 0.7 $ — $ — $ 22.9 Current year expenses 6.6 2.6 2.9 — 3.3 8.5 24.7 0.3 48.9 Adjustments to prior years’ expenses — — (0.9 ) (1.3 ) — — — — (2.2 ) Net expense for the period 6.6 2.6 2.0 (1.3 ) 3.3 8.5 24.7 0.3 46.7 Cash expenditures (4.0 ) (2.5 ) (1.8 ) (1.4 ) (4.7 ) (0.2 ) — — (14.6 ) Balance, March 31, 2001 6.0 3.6 4.0 3.9 3.5 9.0 24.7 0.3 55.0 Current year expenses 0.7 2.4 11.4 15.7 7.5 1.1 0.2 0.3 39.3 Adjustments to prior years’ expenses (2.0 ) (0.6 ) (0.9 ) (2.7 ) (1.6 ) 2.0 (1.3 ) — (7.1 ) Net expense for the period (1.3 ) 1.8 10.5 13.0 5.9 3.1 (1.1 ) 0.3 32.2 Cash expenditures (3.5 ) (1.0 ) (3.6 ) (2.6 ) (3.8 ) (7.6 ) (6.8 ) (0.3 ) (29.2 ) Balance, March 31, 2002 1.2 4.4 10.9 14.3 5.6 4.5 16.8 0.3 58.0 Current year expenses 0.8 1.1 — — — — — — 1.9 Adjustments to prior years’ expenses (0.3 ) 5.1 (5.5 ) (6.5 ) — — (0.8 ) — (8.0 ) Net expense for the period 0.5 6.2 (5.5 ) (6.5 ) — — (0.8 ) — (6.1 ) Cash expenditures (1.7 ) (2.5 ) (3.7 ) (3.8 ) (4.7 ) (1.5 ) (2.0 ) (0.3 ) (20.2 ) Balance, March 31, 2003 $ — $ 8.1 $ 1.7 $ 4.0 $ 0.9 $ 3.0 $ 14.0 $ — $ 31.7 Accrued restructuring liabilities are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The remaining balances at March 31, 2003 for the [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments relate primarily to on-going lease obligations. Corporate accrued severance primarily pertains to retirement costs which are expected to be paid in 2004 and 2005. Restructuring liabilities for the [COMPANY] segment primarily represent accrued severance and contract liabilities anticipated to be paid in 2004. In addition to the above restructuring activities, we are still managing a 2001/2000 restructuring plan associated with customer settlements for our discontinuance of overlapping or nonstrategic products and other product development projects within our [COMPANY] segment. Details regarding this restructuring plan are as follows: Subsequent to the January 1999 merger with HBO and Company (“HBOC”) and the events surrounding our announcements in April, May and June of 1999 concerning the improper recording of revenue at HBOC, we restructured our [COMPANY] segment, which included the required assembly of a new senior management team and a restructuring of the segment’s sales and customer service organizations, which had experienced significant attrition. The restructuring plan also included a strategic rationalizing of the segment’s product lines, which was carried out in three phases: Phase I-assessment and preliminary planning (October 1999 to January 2000); Phase II-detailed planning and announcement; and Phase III-implementation. The products impacted by this initiative were primarily in the areas of repositories for clinical and administrative data in a healthcare enterprise, surgery scheduling, financial and materials management, mobile clinical documentation and enterprise solutions for small and mid-sized hospitals. The process required a review of contracts related to approximately 400 affected customers and other information available at that time. During Phase II, which began in February 2000 and extended through March 31, 2000, we conducted detailed business reviews, and finalized and announced product rationalization decisions. Rationalization decisions involved either the sunset of certain products or product development projects to redesign or stabilize several go-forward products. At the same time, we undertook an assessment of probable customer impact and concluded that the product rationalization decisions would trigger the assertion of certain customer claims for 66 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) breach of contract. Based on information available at that time, we estimated that it would require $74.1 million above then existing allowances to settle probable customer claims. As a result, a charge in that amount was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2000. Phase III, which began in 2001, involved a comprehensive, company-wide implementation of Phase II decisions, including an intensive and detailed customer communication process. By the fourth quarter of 2001, we had developed substantially more information on customers’ legal positions as a result of extensive customer interactions and communications. Based upon this newly acquired information about customer demands and expectations, we recognized that we would not be able to settle probable contractual exposures within the previously recorded estimates, and we therefore concluded that additional allowances should be established for customers’ settlements. Accordingly, during the fourth quarter of 2001, an additional customer settlement charge of $161.1 million was recorded. These customer settlement charges were reflected as operating expenses rather than a reduction of revenues as the charges primarily related to product strategy decisions that triggered claims for breach of contract. In 2003, we reversed $22.3 million of these customer settlement reserves. The reversal was the result of favorable settlements and continued negotiations with affected customers. As of March 31, 2003, customer settlement allowances amounted to $86.9 million and are included in accounts receivable, net in the consolidated balance sheets. Total cash and non-cash settlements of $43.2 million and $82.8 million have been incurred since the inception of the restructuring plan. Although the final outcome of remaining customer settlements cannot be determined, we believe that any additional liability and related expenditures would not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 5. Gain (Loss) on Investments, Net Gain (loss) on investments includes gains and losses from the sale or liquidation of investments and other-than-temporary impairment losses. We recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses of $8.5 million, $14.6 million, and $128.7 million in 2003, 2002 and 2001 on equity and joint venture investments as a result of significant declines in the market values of these investments. We used quoted market prices, if available, to determine the fair value of our investments. For investments that do not trade regularly, we estimated fair value using a variety of pricing techniques including discounted cash flow analyses and market transactions. In 2001, the other-than-temporary investment losses included $93.1 million on our [COMPANY]. warrants, $23.1 million on equity investments in connection with the restructuring of our former iMcKesson segment, and $12.5 million on other equity and venture capital investments. 6. Other Income, Net Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Interest income $ 24.4 $ 23.8 $ 29.1 Equity in earnings, net 12.2 6.3 5.9 Gain on sale of notes receivable 5.3 — — Other, net 3.2 10.3 7.0 Total $ 45.1 $ 40.4 $ 42.0 Equity in earnings, net includes our interest in Nadro and a real estate venture, and in 2002 and 2001 in GHE, and in 2003 Verispan. In 2003, we sold certain sales-type lease receivables to a third party for $117.9 million. A gain on sale of $5.3 million was recognized from this sale. 67 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 7. Earnings (Loss) Per Share Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed similar to basic earnings (loss) per share except that it reflects the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities or other obligations to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. The computations for basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations are as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2003 2002 2001 Income (loss) from continuing operations $ 562.1 $ 421.8 $ (43.3 ) Dividends on preferred securities of subsidiary trust 6.2 6.2 — Income (loss) from continuing operations — diluted $ 568.3 $ 428.0 $ (43.3 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 289.3 285.2 283.1 Effect of dilutive securities: Options to purchase common stock 3.5 7.0 — Trust convertible preferred securities 5.4 5.4 — Restricted stock 0.6 0.5 — Diluted 298.8 298.1 283.1 Earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations: Basic $ 1.94 $ 1.48 $ (0.15 ) Diluted 1.90 1.44 (0.15 ) Approximately 33.3 million and 27.4 million stock options were excluded from the computations of diluted net earnings per share in 2003 and 2002 as their exercise price was higher than the Company’s average stock price. For 2001, the calculation of diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excluded stock options, convertible preferred securities and restricted stock as they were antidilutive. 8. Receivables, net March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Customer accounts $ 4,305.9 $ 3,806.1 $ 3,294.7 Other 574.2 511.3 564.8 Total 4,880.1 4,317.4 3,859.5 Allowances (285.4 ) (319.3 ) (420.1 ) Net $ 4,594.7 $ 3,998.1 $ 3,439.4 The allowances are for uncollectible accounts, discounts, returns, refunds, customer settlements and other adjustments. 9. Property, Plant and Equipment, net March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Land $ 34.3 $ 34.2 $ 34.3 Building, machinery and equipment 1,196.8 1,144.6 1,223.3 Total property, plant and equipment 1,231.1 1,178.8 1,257.6 Accumulated depreciation (637.4 ) (585.3 ) (663.4 ) Property, plant and equipment, net $ 593.7 $ 593.5 $ 594.2 68 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 10. Goodwill and Other Intangibles Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the three years ended March 31, 2003 were as follows: Pharmaceutical Medical-Surgical Information (In millions) [COMPANY] Total Balance, March 31, 2000 $ 240.7 $ 709.8 $ 114.5 $ 1,065.0 Goodwill acquired, net of purchase price adjustments, and other 12.3 (1.4 ) 44.8 55.7 Amortization (8.0 ) (19.0 ) (22.4 ) (49.4 ) Asset write-downs (Financial Note 4) — — (107.9 ) (107.9 ) Balance, March 31, 2001 245.0 689.4 29.0 963.4 Goodwill acquired, net of purchase price adjustments and other 58.9 — — 58.9 Balance, March 31, 2002 303.9 689.4 29.0 1,022.3 Goodwill acquired, net of purchase price adjustments and other 41.8 (2.9 ) 331.6 370.5 Sale of business (38.6 ) — — (38.6 ) Balance, March 31, 2003 $ 307.1 $ 686.5 $ 360.6 $ 1,354.2 Information regarding other intangible assets is as follows: March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Customer lists $ 89.9 $ 88.1 $ 80.8 Technology 58.7 44.1 48.0 Trademarks and other 21.5 22.5 21.1 Gross intangibles 170.1 154.7 149.9 Accumulated amortization (74.8 ) (61.3 ) (48.9 ) Other intangibles, net $ 95.3 $ 93.4 $ 101.0 Amortization expense of other intangible assets was $18.2 million, $14.4 million and $16.4 million for 2003, 2002 and 2001. The weighted average remaining amortization period for customer lists, technology and trademarks and other intangible assets at March 31, 2003 were: 7.3 years, 5.2 years and 4.8 years. Estimated future annual amortization expense of these assets is as follows: $18.5 million, $17.7 million, $12.9 million, $12.7 million and $9.8 million for 2004 through 2008, and $10.1 million thereafter. At March 31, 2003, there were $13.6 million of other intangible assets not subject to amortization. 11. Long-Term Debt and Other Financing March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 8.91% Series A Senior Notes due February, 2005 $ 100.0 $ 100.0 $ 100.0 8.95% Series B Senior Notes due February, 2007 20.0 20.0 20.0 9.13% Series C Senior Notes due February, 2010 215.0 215.0 215.0 6.875% Notes due March, 2002 — — 175.0 6.55% Notes due November, 2002 — 125.0 125.0 6.30% Notes due March, 2005 150.0 150.0 150.0 6.40% Notes due March, 2008 150.0 150.0 150.0 7.75% Notes due February, 2012 398.0 398.0 — 7.65% Debentures due March, 2027 175.0 175.0 175.0 ESOP related debt (see Financial Note 14) 61.7 74.4 88.9 Other 31.2 22.6 31.1 Total debt 1,300.9 1,430.0 1,230.0 Less current portion 10.2 141.3 194.1 Total long-term debt $ 1,290.7 $ 1,288.7 $ 1,035.9 69 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) We have a 364-day revolving credit agreement that allows for short-term borrowings of up to $550.0 million which expires in September 2003, and a $550.0 million three-year revolving credit facility which expires in September 2005. These facilities, which were entered into in September 2002, are primarily intended to support our commercial paper borrowings and the terms of which are substantially similar to those previously in place. We also have a $950.0 million (2002 — $850.0 million) revolving receivables sale facility, which expires in June 2003. We anticipate renewing the receivable sales facility prior to its expiration. At March 31, 2003, there were no amounts utilized under any of these facilities. On January 24, 2002, we completed a public offering of $400.0 million of 7.75% unsecured notes, due in 2012. These notes are redeemable at any time, in whole or in part, at our option. Net proceeds of $397.3 million for the issuance of these notes was used to repay term debt and for other general corporate purposes. Employee stock ownership program (“ESOP”) related debt bears interest at rates ranging from 8.6% fixed rate to approximately 89% of LIBOR or LIBOR plus 0.4% and is due in semi-annual and annual installments through 2009. Our various borrowing facilities and certain long-term debt instruments are subject to covenants. Our principal debt covenant is our debt to capital ratio, which cannot exceed 56.5%. If we exceed this ratio, repayment of debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility and $335.0 million of term debt could be accelerated. At March 31, 2003, this ratio was 21.6% and we were in compliance with all other covenants. Aggregate annual payments on long-term debt, including capital lease obligations, for the years ending March 31, are as follows: $10.2 million in 2004, $278.6 million in 2005, $8.8 million in 2006, $28.9 million in 2007, $159.3 million in 2008 and $815.1 million thereafter. 12. Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities At March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, receivables, drafts and accounts payable, and other liabilities approximate their estimated fair values because of the short maturity of these financial instruments. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our long-term debt and convertible preferred securities were as follows: 2003 2002 2001 Carrying Estimated Carrying Estimated Carrying Estimated (In millions) Amount Fair Value Amount Fair Value Amount Fair Value Long-term debt, including current portion $ 1,300.9 $ 1,482.6 $ 1,430.0 $ 1,465.9 $ 1,230.0 $ 1,231.4 Convertible preferred securities 196.3 189.5 196.1 220.0 195.9 173.5 The estimated fair values of our financial instruments were determined based on quoted market prices or market comparables. The estimated fair values may not be representative of actual values of the financial instruments that could have been realized or that will be realized in the future. In 2003, we entered into two interest rate swap agreements which have been designated as fair value hedges. The first agreement exchanges a fixed interest rate of 8.91% per annum to LIBOR plus 4.155%, on a notional amount of $100 million. The second agreement exchanges a fixed interest rate of 6.30% per annum to LIBOR plus 1.575%, on a notional amount of $150 million. These agreements expire in February and March of 2005. In 2002, we entered into a series of forward foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge certain liabilities of our United Kingdom subsidiary. At March 31, 2003, these contracts will convert £25.5 million into U.S. $36.5 million and have various maturities through March 2006 which are based on the expected repayment dates of the liabilities. The fair value of the interest rate swaps and foreign currency exchange contracts were $11.5 million and $37.9 million at March 31, 2003 and nil and $17.1 million at March 31, 2002, most of which were recorded in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 70 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 13. Lease Obligations We lease facilities and equipment under both capital and operating leases. Net assets held under capital leases included in property, plant and equipment were $5.5 million, $11.2 million and $13.7 million at March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001. Future minimum lease payments and sublease rental income for years ending March 31 are: Non-cancelable Non-cancelable Operating Sublease (In millions) [COMPANY] Leases 2004 $ 91.0 $ 4.2 $ 2.7 2005 78.4 3.4 0.9 2006 66.8 2.3 0.9 2007 48.9 1.6 0.3 2008 28.1 0.5 0.2 Thereafter 80.3 0.6 0.9 Total minimum lease payments $ 393.5 $ 12.6 5.9 Less amounts representing interest (0.5 ) Present value of minimum lease payments $ 5.4 Rental expense was $109.6 million, $110.1 million and $108.7 million in 2003, 2002 and 2001. Most real property leases contain renewal options and provisions requiring us to pay property taxes and operating expenses in excess of base period amounts. 14. Pension Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits We maintain a number of qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution plans for eligible employees. In addition, we provide postretirement benefits, consisting of healthcare and life insurance benefits, for certain eligible employees. We also participate in bargaining unit sponsored multi-employer plans for employees with union affiliations. Defined Benefit Pension Plans Eligible U.S. employees who were employed by the Company prior to 1997 are covered under the Company-sponsored defined benefit retirement plan. In 1997, we amended this plan to freeze all plan benefits based on each employee’s plan compensation and creditable service accrued to that date. The benefits for this defined benefit retirement plan are based primarily on age of employees at date of retirement, years of service and employees’ pay during the five years prior to retirement. We also have nonqualified supplemental defined benefit plans for certain U.S. executives, which are non-funded. 71 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The change in benefit obligation, plan assets and funded status for our U.S. defined benefit retirement plans are as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Change in benefit obligations: Benefit obligation at beginning of year $ 331.9 $ 330.0 $ 317.7 Service cost 1.8 2.2 1.6 Interest cost 23.8 23.7 23.8 Amendments — — 10.6 Actuarial losses 33.3 5.5 8.3 Benefit payments (27.6 ) (29.5 ) (32.0 ) Benefit obligation at end of year $ 363.2 $ 331.9 $ 330.0 Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year $ 346.8 $ 376.2 $ 395.3 Actual return (loss) on plan assets (26.9 ) (4.8 ) 12.9 Employer contributions 4.3 5.5 4.9 Expenses paid (5.3 ) (0.6 ) (4.9 ) Benefits paid (27.6 ) (29.5 ) (32.0 ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year $ 291.3 $ 346.8 $ 376.2 Funded status: Funded status at end of year $ (71.9 ) $ 15.1 $ 46.2 Unrecognized net actuarial (gain) loss 112.4 22.4 (25.0 ) Unrecognized prior service cost 5.3 6.0 6.8 Prepaid benefit cost $ 45.8 $ 43.5 $ 28.0 Net amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets: Prepaid benefit cost $ 98.1 $ 89.1 $ 70.7 Accrued benefit cost (52.3 ) (45.7 ) (42.7 ) Intangible asset 5.2 6.0 6.8 Minimum pension liability-net of tax of $8.6, $6.6 and $5.3 (13.8 ) (12.5 ) (12.1 ) Net amount recognized $ 37.2 $ 36.9 $ 22.7 The following table provides components of the net periodic pension expense (income) for our U.S. defined benefit retirement plans: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Service cost — benefits earned during the year $ 1.8 $ 2.2 $ 1.6 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 23.8 23.7 23.8 Expected return on assets (27.6 ) (35.6 ) (37.3 ) Amortization of unrecognized loss (gain) and prior service costs 2.6 0.8 (3.3 ) Immediate recognition of pension cost (gain) 1.3 (1.0 ) 9.1 Net pension expense (income) $ 1.9 $ (9.9 ) $ (6.1 ) The assets of the U.S. plan consist primarily of listed common stocks (other than that of the Company) and bonds. These assets are measured at fair value on a calendar year basis, which is determined based on quoted market prices. Obligations relating to our unfunded U.S. pension plans were $85.3 million, $73.1 million and $69.8 million at March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001. 72 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The projected unit credit method is utilized for measuring net periodic pension cost over the employees’ service life for the U.S. plans and actuarial losses are recognized over 7-8 year periods. Costs are funded based on the recommendations of independent actuaries. Assumptions used to estimate the actuarial present value of projected benefit obligations were as follows: December 31, 2002 2001 2000 Discount rates 6.75 % 7.25 % 7.5 % Rate of increase in compensation 4.0 4.0 4.0 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 8.25 9.75 9.75 Under various U.S. bargaining unit labor contracts, we make payments into multi-employer pension plans established for union employees. We are liable for a proportionate part of the plans’ unfunded vested benefits liabilities upon our withdrawal from the plan, however information regarding the relative position of each employer with respect to the actuarial present value of accumulated benefits and net assets available for benefits is not available. Contributions to the plans and amounts accrued were not material as of and for years ended March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001. We also have defined benefit pension plans for eligible Canadian and United Kingdom employees. At March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 the fair value of assets for these plans amounted to $30.8 million, $32.3 million and $33.9 million and accumulated benefit obligations amounted to $45.4 million, $35.1 million and $31.5 million. For the years ended March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001, pension expense for these plans were $3.1 million, $1.6 million and $1.1 million. Defined Contribution Plans We have contributory profit sharing investment plans (“PSIP”) for U.S. employees not covered by collective bargaining arrangements. Eligible employees may contribute up to 16% of their compensation to an individual retirement savings account. [COMPANY] makes matching contributions equal to or greater than 50% of employee contributions, not to exceed 3% of employee compensation. An additional annual matching contribution may be granted at the discretion of the [COMPANY] provides for the PSIP contributions with its common shares through its leveraged Employee Stock Ownership Program (“ESOP”). The ESOP has purchased an aggregate of 24.3 million shares of the Company’s common stock since inception. These purchases have been financed by 10 to 20-year loans from or guaranteed by us. The ESOP’s outstanding borrowings are reported as long-term debt of the Company and the related receivables from the ESOP are shown as a reduction of stockholders’ equity. The loans are repaid by the ESOP from interest earnings on cash balances and common dividends on shares not yet allocated to participants, common dividends on certain allocated shares and Company cash contributions. The ESOP loan maturities and rates are identical to the terms of related Company borrowings. Stock is made available from the ESOP based on debt service payments on ESOP borrowings. Contribution expense for the PSIP for the three years ended 2003 was all ESOP related. After-tax ESOP expense, including interest expense on ESOP debt, was $9.2 million, $9.5 million and $9.6 million in 2003, 2002 and 2001. Approximately 1.7 million, 1.5 million and 1.8 million shares of common stock were allocated to plan participants in 2003, 2002 and 2001. Through March 31, 2003, 19.4 million common shares have been allocated to plan participants, resulting in a balance of 4.8 million common shares in the ESOP which have not yet been allocated to plan participants. 73 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Healthcare and Life Insurance In addition to providing pension benefits, we provide healthcare and life insurance benefits for certain U.S. retired employees. Our policy is to fund these benefits as claims are paid. The following table presents a reconciliation of the postretirement healthcare and life insurance benefits obligation: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Change in benefit obligation: Benefit obligation at beginning of year $ 160.7 $ 133.3 $ 123.0 Service cost 1.3 0.8 0.7 Interest cost 11.0 9.5 9.1 Actuarial loss 23.0 32.8 14.5 Benefits paid (17.7 ) (15.7 ) (14.0 ) Benefit obligation at end of year $ 178.3 $ 160.7 $ 133.3 Funded Status: Funded status at end of year $ (178.3 ) $ (160.7 ) $ (133.3 ) Unrecognized actuarial loss 49.8 44.3 20.6 Unrecognized prior service cost (4.3 ) (5.2 ) (6.1 ) Accrued post-retirement benefit obligation $ (132.8 ) $ (121.6 ) $ (118.8 ) The discount rates used in determining the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation were 6.75%, 7.25% and 7.5% at March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001. Expenses for postretirement healthcare and life insurance benefits consisted of the following: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Service cost — benefits earned during the period $ 1.3 $ 0.8 $ 0.7 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 11.0 9.5 9.1 Amortization of unrecognized gain and prior service costs (0.9 ) (0.9 ) (0.9 ) Recognized actuarial loss 17.6 9.1 4.0 Total $ 29.0 $ 18.5 $ 12.9 Actuarial losses are amortized over a three-year period. The assumed healthcare cost trends used in measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation were 15% for prescription drugs, 11% for medical and 8% for dental in 2003. The assumed combined healthcare cost trend was 11.0% in 2002 and 5% in 2001. The healthcare cost trend rate assumption has a significant effect on the amounts reported. The table below presents the impact of a one-percentage-point increase and a one-percentage-point decrease in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate on the total of service and interest cost components and on the postretirement benefit obligation: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 One-percentage-point increase: Effect on total service and interest cost components $ 0.9 $ 0.7 $ 0.7 Effect on postretirement benefit obligation 10.7 10.3 7.7 One-percentage-point decrease: Effect on total service and interest cost components (0.8 ) (0.6 ) (0.6 ) Effect on postretirement benefit obligation (9.5 ) (9.2 ) (7.3 ) 74 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 15. Income Taxes The provision for income taxes related to continuing operations consists of the following: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Current Federal $ 120.8 $ 80.0 $ 52.1 State and local 21.5 4.8 8.1 Foreign 24.4 22.7 13.1 Total current 166.7 107.5 73.3 Deferred Federal 116.3 56.4 (16.2 ) State and local 31.4 17.4 (6.9 ) Foreign (21.1 ) 3.0 1.7 Total deferred 126.6 76.8 (21.4 ) Total income taxes $ 293.3 $ 184.3 $ 51.9 The principal items accounting for the difference in income taxes on income from continuing operations before income taxes computed at the Federal statutory income tax rate and income taxes are as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Income taxes at Federal statutory rate $ 301.6 $ 214.3 $ 5.2 State and local income taxes net of federal tax benefit 34.4 14.4 0.8 Nondeductible items 0.1 (1.4 ) 56.9 Tax settlements 6.6 20.7 (12.9 ) Foreign tax rate differential (50.0 ) (18.2 ) 4.0 Dividends received from foreign investments 1.3 44.3 1.4 Dispositions of businesses — (40.0 ) — Foreign tax credit (0.7 ) (47.0 ) (0.6 ) Other — net — (2.8 ) (2.9 ) Total income taxes $ 293.3 $ 184.3 $ 51.9 Foreign pre-tax earnings were $152.2 million, $125.1 million and $30.8 million in 2003, 2002 and 2001. At March 31, 2003, undistributed earnings of our foreign operations totaling $215.9 million were considered to be permanently reinvested. No deferred tax liability has been recognized for the remittance of such earnings to the U.S. since it is our intention to utilize those earnings in the foreign operations as well as to fund certain research and development activities for an indefinite period of time, or to repatriate such earnings when it is tax efficient to do so. The determination of the amount of deferred taxes on these earnings is not practicable since the computation would depend on a number of factors that cannot be known until a decision to repatriate the earnings is made. 75 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Deferred tax balances consisted of the following: March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Assets Receivable allowances $ 119.4 $ 133.5 $ 159.3 Deferred revenue 119.4 91.8 40.2 Compensation and benefit-related accruals 86.6 69.7 96.4 Deferred compensation 79.3 62.0 63.2 Intangibles 55.1 50.7 67.2 Investment valuation 7.1 46.7 39.6 Loss and credit carryforwards 64.6 52.3 29.2 Other 53.0 43.0 72.1 Subtotal 584.5 549.7 567.2 Less: valuation allowance (24.2 ) (23.0 ) (22.3 ) Total assets $ 560.3 $ 526.7 $ 544.9 Liabilities Basis differences for inventory valuation and other assets $ (455.8 ) $ (293.6 ) $ (251.0 ) Basis difference for fixed assets (27.6 ) (37.3 ) (34.3 ) Systems development costs (116.3 ) (110.6 ) (93.6 ) Retirement plans (39.7 ) (34.4 ) (28.8 ) Other (4.6 ) (5.3 ) (14.8 ) Total liabilities (644.0 ) (481.2 ) (422.5 ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) $ (83.7 ) $ 45.5 $ 122.4 Current deferred tax asset (liability) $ (82.9 ) $ 33.4 $ 88.2 Long term deferred tax asset (liability) (0.8 ) 12.1 34.2 Net deferred tax asset (liability) $ (83.7 ) $ 45.5 $ 122.4 At March 31, 2003, we have an alternative minimum tax credit carry forward of $38.2 million, which has an indefinite life, and $495.6 million of state income tax net operating loss carryforwards which will expire at various dates from 2004 through 2023. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from these state net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized. As a result, we have provided a valuation allowance of $24.2 million at March 31, 2003 on the deferred tax assets relating to these state net operating loss carryforwards. If this valuation allowance is reversed in the future, approximately $11.8 million of the tax benefit realized would be credited to stockholders’ equity. 16. Financial Guarantees and [COMPANY] Guarantees: We have agreements with certain of our customers’ financial institutions under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of inventory at a discount in the event these customers are unable to meet certain obligations to those financial institutions. Among other limitations, these inventories must be in resalable condition. We have also guaranteed loans, credit facilities and the payment of leases for some customers; and we are a secured lender for substantially all of these guarantees. Customer guarantees range from one to ten years and were primarily provided to facilitate financing for certain strategic customers. At March 31, 2003, the maximum amounts of inventory repurchase guarantees and other customer guarantees were approximately $150.4 million and $66.5 million. We consider it unlikely that we would make significant payments under these guarantees, and accordingly, amounts accrued for these guarantees were nominal. At March 31, 2003, we had commitments to provide $11.7 million of cash contributions to Verispan and other equity-held investments and other commitments of $13.2 million, of which no amounts had been accrued for. The expirations of these financial guarantees and commitments are as follows: $35.9 million, $24.6 million, $6.3 million, $63.4 million, and $2.4 million from 2004 through 2008, and $109.2 million thereafter. 76 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) In addition, our banks and insurance companies have issued $46.4 million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds on our behalf in order to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations, and our workers’ compensation and automotive liability programs. In conjunction with certain transactions, primarily divestitures, we may provide routine indemnifications (such as retention of previously existing environmental, tax and employee liabilities) whose terms vary in duration and often are not explicitly defined. Where appropriate, obligations for such indemnifications are recorded as liabilities. Because the amounts of these indemnification obligations often are not explicitly stated, the overall maximum amount of these commitments cannot be reasonably estimated. Other than obligations recorded as liabilities at the time of divestiture, we have not historically made significant payments as a result of these indemnifications. Warranties: In the normal course of business, we provide certain warranties and indemnifications for our products and services. We provide warranties that the pharmaceutical and medical-surgical products we distribute are in compliance with the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other applicable laws and regulations. We have received the same warranties from our suppliers, who customarily are the manufacturers of the products. In addition, we have indemnity obligations to our customers for these products, which have also been provided to us from our suppliers, either through express agreement or by operation of law. We also provide warranties regarding the performance of software and automation products we sell. Our liability under these warranties is to bring the product into compliance with previously agreed to specifications. For software products, this may result in additional project costs and/or the payment of penalties or damages in accordance with the contract and are reflected in our estimates used for the percentage-of-completion method of accounting for these contracts. In addition, most of our customers who purchase our software and automation products also purchase annual maintenance agreements. Revenue from these maintenance agreements is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period and the cost of servicing product warranties is charged to expense when claims become estimable. Accrued warranty costs were not material to the consolidated balance sheets. 17. Convertible Preferred Securities In February 1997, the Apex Health Distribution Financing Trust, a business trust sponsored by the Company, issued four million shares of preferred securities to the public and 123,720 common securities to us, which are convertible at the holder’s option into Apex Health Distribution common stock. The proceeds of such issuances were invested by the trust in $206,186,000 aggregate principal amount of our 5% Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2027 (the “Debentures”). The Debentures represent the sole assets of the trust. The Debentures mature on June 1, 2027, bear interest at an annual rate of 5%, payable quarterly, and are currently redeemable by us at 102.0% of the principal amount. Holders of the securities are entitled to cumulative cash distributions at an annual rate of 5% of the liquidation amount of $50 per security. Each preferred security is convertible at the rate of 1.3418 shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. The preferred securities will be redeemed upon repayment of the Debentures and are callable by us on or after March 4, 2000, in whole or in part, initially at 103.5% of the liquidation preference per share, and thereafter at prices declining at 0.5% per annum to 100% of the liquidation preference on and after March 4, 2006 plus, in each case, accumulated, accrued and unpaid distributions, if any, to the redemption date. We have guaranteed, on a subordinated basis, distributions and other payments due on the preferred securities (the “Guarantee”). The Guarantee, when taken together with our obligations under the Debentures, and in the indenture pursuant to which the Debentures were issued, and our obligations under the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust governing the subsidiary trust, provides a full and unconditional guarantee of amounts due on the preferred securities. The Debentures and related trust investment in the Debentures have been eliminated in consolidation and the preferred securities reflected as outstanding in the consolidated financial statements. 77 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 18. Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities I. Accounting Litigation Since the announcements by Apex Health Distribution in April, May and July of 1999 that Apex Health Distribution had determined that certain software sales transactions in its [COMPANY] segment, formerly HBO & Company (“HBOC”) and now known as [COMPANY], Inc., were improperly recorded as revenue and reversed, as of April 29, 2003, ninety-one lawsuits have been filed against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain of Apex Health Distribution’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and other defendants, including Bear Stearns & [COMPANY]. (“Bear Stearns”) and [COMPANY] (“Arthur Andersen”). Federal Actions Sixty-seven of the above mentioned actions have been filed in Federal Court (the “Federal Actions”). All of the undismissed Federal Actions are pending before the Honorable Ronald M. Whyte of the United States District Court (the “Court”) for the Northern District of California. Federal Actions filed as class actions (excluding the ERISA actions discussed below) have been consolidated into a single action before Judge Whyte under the caption In re Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. Securities Litigation (Case No. C-99-20743 RMW) (the “Consolidated Action”). As discussed below, some individual Federal Actions are also pending before Judge Whyte. By order dated December 22, 1999, Judge Whyte appointed the New York State Common Retirement Fund as lead plaintiff (“Lead Plaintiff”) in the Consolidated Action and approved Lead Plaintiff’s choice of counsel. After the filing of three consolidated complaints and multiple motions by multiple defendants challenging the sufficiency of those complaints, the pleadings in the case have been set with respect to Apex Health Distribution and HBOC (motions for reconsideration of prior dismissal orders issued by Judge Whyte have been filed by Arthur Andersen and Bear Stearns and remain pending). The operative complaint in the Consolidated Action is Lead Plaintiff’s Third Amended and Consolidated Class Action Complaint (“TAC”), filed on February 15, 2002. The TAC asserts claims against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC under Sections 10(b) and 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) in connection with the events leading to Apex Health Distribution’s announcements in April, May and July 1999, and names Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain of Apex Health Distribution’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, Arthur Andersen and Bear Stearns as defendants. The Section 10(b) claim alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC intentionally or with deliberate recklessness misstated the financial statements of HBOC or Apex Health Distribution during the class period. The Section 14(a) claim alleges that the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus issued in connection with a Apex Health Distribution subsidiary and HBOC merger (the “Merger”) contained material misstatements or omissions and that Apex Health Distribution was negligent in issuing the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus with those misstatements. On April 5, 2002, Apex Health Distribution filed a motion to dismiss Lead Plaintiff’s claim under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act to the extent that it is based on Apex Health Distribution’s pre-Merger conduct (Lead Plaintiff’s claim under Section 10(b) against Apex Health Distribution based on post-Merger conduct had already been sustained by Judge Whyte), and moved to dismiss the claim under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act in its entirety. By order dated January 6, 2003, Judge Whyte granted in part and denied in part the Company’s motion to dismiss the TAC. Specifically, Judge Whyte dismissed with prejudice the claim against the Company under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act to the extent that claim was based on Apex Health Distribution’s conduct or statements prior to the January 12, 1999 merger transaction with HBOC, denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the claim against the Company under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and ordered the Company to answer the TAC. Following the Court’s January 6, 2003 orders, the following claims remained against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC: (i) a claim against HBOC under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act; (ii) a claim against Apex Health Distribution under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act with respect to post-Merger conduct only; and (iii) a Section 14(a) claim against Apex Health Distribution, as described in the Court’s January 6, 2003 order. [COMPANY] and HBOC filed answers to the TAC on March 7, 2003, denying that the Company or HBOC had violated Section 10(b) or Section 14(a) or that they had any liability to the alleged plaintiff class. On March 7, 2003, Lead Plaintiff filed a motion for class certification seeking to certify a class consisting of (i) all persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded securities of HBOC during the period from January 20, 1997, through and including January 12, 1999, (ii) all persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded securities or call options, or who sold put options, of Apex Health Distribution during the period from October 18, 1998 through and including April 27, 1999, and (iii) all persons and entities who held Apex Health Distribution 78 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) common stock on November 27, 1998 and still held those shares on January 12, 1999. Lead Plaintiff seeks an order appointing three representatives of this proposed class: (i) the Lead Plaintiff; (ii) City of Miami Beach General Employees Retirement Trust; and (iii) an individual investor named Donald Chiert. By agreement of the parties (subject to approval by the Court), the Company will be required to respond to Lead Plaintiff’s motion for class certification by August 22, 2003, and the motion will be scheduled to be heard on October 3, 2003. Apex Health Distribution and HBOC have commenced the production of documents in the Consolidated Action and, pursuant to pretrial orders, merits depositions may begin as early as mid-July 2003. No trial date has been set in the Consolidated Action. On January 11, 2001, Apex Health Distribution filed an action in the Court for the Northern District of California against the Lead Plaintiff in the Consolidated Action individually, and as a representative of a defendant class of former HBOC shareholders who exchanged HBOC shares for Company shares in the January 12, 1999 Merger, Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. v. New York State Common Retirement Fund, Inc. et al. (Case No. C01-20021 RMW) (the “Complaint and Counterclaim”). In the Complaint and Counterclaim, the Company alleges that the exchanged HBOC shares were artificially inflated due to undisclosed accounting improprieties, and that the exchange ratio therefore provided more shares to former HBOC shareholders than would have otherwise been the case. In this action, the Company seeks to recover the “unjust enrichment” received by those HBOC shareholders who exchanged more than 20,000 HBOC shares in the [COMPANY] does not allege any wrongdoing by these shareholders. On January 9, 2002, Judge Whyte dismissed the Complaint and Counterclaim with prejudice. [COMPANY] appealed this ruling to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (“Ninth Circuit”). [COMPANY]’s appeal was heard by the Ninth Circuit on April 8, 2003. The Ninth Circuit has not yet issued an opinion. By order dated February 7, 2000, Judge Whyte coordinated with the Consolidated Action a class action alleging claims under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (commonly known as “ERISA”), Chang v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. C-00-20030 RMW), and a shareholder derivative action that had been filed in the Northern District of California under the caption Cohen v. McCall et al. (Case No. C-99-20916 RMW) with the Consolidated Action. There has been no further significant activity in the Cohen action. By stipulated order dated April 30, 2003, no defendant or nominal defendant is required to respond to the complaint until notified by the plaintiff in writing with thirty days notice or upon further order of the Court. Recent developments in the Chang action are discussed below. Several individual actions have also been filed in, or transferred to, the Northern District of California. On November 12, 1999, an individual shareholder action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Jacobs v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (C-99-21192 RMW). The Plaintiffs in Jacobs are former HBOC shareholders who acquired their HBOC shares pursuant to a registration statement issued by HBOC prior to the Merger, and then exchanged their HBOC shares for Apex Health Distribution shares in the Merger. Plaintiffs in Jacobs assert claims under federal and state securities laws and a claim for common law fraud. Plaintiffs seek unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. Judge Whyte’s December 22, 1999, order consolidated the Jacobs action with the Consolidated Action. With leave of court, the Jacobs plaintiffs amended their complaint, but the action remains stayed and there has been no discovery, motion practice or other activity in the case. On September 21, 2000 the plaintiffs in Jacobs v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. filed a new individual action entitled Jacobs v. HBO & Company (Case No. C-00-20974 RMW). The Jacobs complaint names only HBOC as a defendant and asserts claims under Sections 11 and 12(2) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and various state law causes of action. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. This action has been assigned to Judge Whyte and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. On December 16, 1999, an individual action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Bea v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al . (Case No. C-00-20072 RMW). Plaintiffs in Bea filed an Amended Complaint on March 9, 2000. Plaintiffs in Bea allege that they acquired the Company’s common stock prior to the Merger and sold that stock after the April 1999 announcement at a loss. The Bea complaint asserts claims under the federal and state securities laws, and a claim for fraud. Plaintiffs seek (i) unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and (ii) reasonable costs and expenses of suit, including attorneys’ fees. Bea is currently stayed and has been consolidated with the Consolidated Action. On January 7, 2000, an individual action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Cater v. Apex Health Distribution et al. (Case No. C-00-20327 RMW). The plaintiff is Terry Cater, a former employee of the Company who alleges that his options and restricted stock were substantially devalued as a result of 79 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) the Merger and the subsequent drop in the Company’s stock price. Plaintiff in Cater asserts claims under the federal securities laws as well as claims for breach of good faith and fair dealing, fraud and negligent misrepresentation. Plaintiff seeks (i) unspecified special damages in excess of $50,000, (ii) unspecified general damages, (iii) prejudgment interest and (iv) reasonable attorneys’ fees. The case has been assigned to Judge Whyte and the parties have stipulated to a stay pending the outcome of the motions to dismiss in the Consolidated Action. On February 7, 2000, an action entitled Baker v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (Case No. CV 00-0188) was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana. The same plaintiffs then filed a virtually identical parallel action in Louisiana State Court, Rapides Parish, under the caption Baker v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al (filed as Case No. 199018; Case No. CV-00-0522 after removal to federal court). Plaintiffs, former shareholders of [COMPANY], allege claims under the federal securities laws, and claims for breach of fiduciary duty, misrepresentation and detrimental reliance. The state court action was removed to federal court and the two Baker cases have been transferred to the Northern District of California and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. On July 27, 2001, an action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California captioned Pacha, et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (Case No. C01-20713 PVT). The Pacha plaintiffs allege that they were individual stockholders of Apex Health Distribution stock on November 27, 1998, and assert that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC violated Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and that Apex Health Distribution, aided by HBOC, breached its fiduciary duties to plaintiffs by issuing a joint proxy statement in connection with the Merger which allegedly contained false and misleading statements or omissions. Plaintiffs name as defendants Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, Bear Stearns and Arthur Andersen. On November 13, 2001, Judge Whyte ordered Pacha consolidated with the Consolidated Action and stayed all further proceedings. Hess v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. an action filed in state court in Arizona (Case No. C-20003862) on behalf of former shareholders of [COMPANY] (“Ephrata”) who acquired Apex Health Distribution shares in exchange for their Ephrata stock when Apex Health Distribution acquired Ephrata in January 1999, was removed to federal court, transferred to the Northern District of California and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. Judge Whyte also stayed all further proceedings in Hess except for the filing of an amended complaint, which was filed on or about December 15, 2001 (the “Hess Amended Complaint”). The Hess Amended Complaint generally incorporates the allegations and claims asserted in the Consolidated Action and also includes various common law causes of action relating to Apex Health Distribution’s acquisition of [COMPANY] is not currently required to respond to the Hess Amended Complaint. On June 28, 2001, the Chang plaintiffs filed an amended ERISA class action complaint against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, and The Chase Manhattan Bank (“Chase”). The amended complaint in Chang generally alleges that the defendants breached their ERISA fiduciary duties in connection with administering the Apex Health Distribution HBOC Profit Sharing Investment Plan (the “PSI Plan”) and the HBOC Profit Sharing and Savings Plan (the “HBOC Plan”). Plaintiffs in Chang are former employees of Apex Health Distribution and participants in the PSI Plan, and purportedly seek relief under sections 404-405, 409 and 502 of ERISA on behalf of a class defined to include participants in the PSI Plan, including participants under the HBOC Plan, who maintained an account balance under the PSI Plan as of April 27, 1999, who had not received a distribution from the PSI Plan as of April 27, 1999, and who suffered losses as a result of the alleged breaches of duty. On October 12, 2001, Apex Health Distribution, HBOC and Chase moved to dismiss the Chang action. The outcome of that motion is discussed below. On February 7, 2002, a related ERISA class action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California captioned Adams v. [COMPANY], Inc. et al. (Case No. C-02-06 85 JCS). Plaintiff in Adams filed a first amended complaint on March 15, 2002, against HBOC, Apex Health Distribution, the HBO & Company Board of Directors, HBO & Company Profit Sharing and Savings Plan Administrative Committee, HBO & Company Profit Sharing and Savings Plan Investment Committee, Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. Profit Sharing Investment Plan (as a nominal defendant only), and certain current or former officers, directors or employees of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC. Plaintiff alleges that he was a participant in the HBOC Plan and generally alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their ERISA fiduciary duties to the HBOC Plan and its participants or engaged in transactions prohibited by ERISA. Plaintiff asserts his claims on behalf of a putative class defined to include all participants in the HBOC Plan and their beneficiaries for whose benefit the HBOC Plan acquired HBOC stock from March 31, 1996 to April 1, 1999. Plaintiff seeks (i) a judgment that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their fiduciary duties, (ii) an order 80 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) requiring defendants to restore to the plan all losses caused by these purported breaches of fiduciary duty, and (iii) reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses. On June 3, 2002, Judge Whyte consolidated the Adams ERISA class action with the Chang ERISA class action. By order dated September 30, 2002 Judge Whyte dismissed the First Amended Complaint in the Chang action. Judge Whyte granted plaintiffs in Chang and Adams 30 days leave to file a consolidated and amended complaint under the caption In re Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. ERISA Litigation (Northern District of California No. C-02-0685 RMW) (the “ERISA Action”). On December 31, 2002, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint (the “CAC”) in the ERISA Action. The CAC generally alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their fiduciary duties under ERISA, and that HBOC engaged in transactions prohibited by ERISA. Plaintiffs further allege that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC are liable under principles of respondeat superior and agency for alleged breaches of fiduciary duties by other defendants. The CAC seeks to have the defendants restore to the HBOC Plan and Apex Health Distribution Plan losses allegedly caused by their alleged breaches of fiduciary duty, equitable relief, attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses. On February 28, 2003, Apex Health Distribution filed a motion to dismiss the CAC and HBOC filed motions to dismiss portions of the CAC. The parties have agreed (subject to approval by the Court) that these motions will be heard on August 29, 2003. State Actions Twenty-four actions have also been filed in various state courts in California, Colorado, Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana and Pennsylvania (the “State Actions”). Like the Consolidated Action, the State Actions generally allege misconduct by Apex Health Distribution or HBOC (and others) in connection with the events leading to Apex Health Distribution’s decision to restate HBOC’s financial statements. Two of the State Actions are derivative actions: Ash, et al. v. McCall, et al. , (Case No. 17132), filed in the Delaware Chancery Court and Mitchell v. McCall et al. (Case. No. 304415), filed in California Superior Court, City and County of Midland, [COMPANY] moved to dismiss both of these actions and to stay the Mitchell action in favor of the earlier filed Ash and Cohen derivative actions. Plaintiffs in Mitchell agreed to defer any action by the court on Apex Health Distribution’s motions pending resolution of Apex Health Distribution’s dismissal motion in Ash. On September 15, 2000, in the Ash case, the Court of Chancery dismissed all causes of action with leave to re-plead certain of the dismissed claims, and on January 22, 2001, the Ash plaintiffs filed a Third Amended Complaint which is presently the subject of Apex Health Distribution’s motion to dismiss. Five of the State Actions are class actions. Three of these were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery: Derdiger v. Tallman et al. (Civil Action No. 17276), Carroll v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 17454) and Kelly v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Civil Action No. 17282). Two additional actions were filed in the Delaware Superior Court: Edmondson v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 99-951) and Caravetta v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 00C-04-214 WTQ). The Carroll and Kelly actions have been voluntarily dismissed without prejudice. Apex Health Distribution removed Edmondson to federal court in Delaware and filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted by the federal court on March 5, 2002. Apex Health Distribution filed motions to stay the Derdiger and Caravetta actions in favor of proceedings in the federal Consolidated Action, which were granted. On December 20, 2001, the plaintiff in Derdiger moved to vacate the stay of that action. In a series of rulings dated September 9, 2002, October 11, 2002 and October 18, 2002, the court denied plaintiff’s motion to vacate the stay with respect to any class claims but granted plaintiff leave to proceed with his individual claims. Thereafter, the plaintiff filed a motion for partial summary judgment, and the former directors of Access Health, Inc., who are also defendants, filed a motion to dismiss the claims asserted against them. The parties have asked the court to defer consideration of those motions while they pursue settlement discussions. Several of the State Actions are individual actions which have been filed in various state courts. Five of these were filed in the California Superior Court, City and County of Midland, Kansas: Yurick v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 303857), The State of Oregon by and through the Oregon Public Employees Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 307619), Utah State Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311269), Minnesota State Board of Investment v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311747), and Merrill Lynch Fundamental Growth Fund et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. CGC-02-405792). Oregon, Utah, and Minnesota and Merrill Lynch have been consolidated before the Honorable Donald S. Mitchell under the Oregon caption. 81 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) In Yurick, the trial court sustained Apex Health Distribution’s demurrer to the original complaint without leave to amend with respect to all causes of action except plaintiffs’ claims for common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation, which remain in the case. On December 27, 2002, the Yurick action was assigned to Judge Mitchell, the presiding judge in the Oregon, Minnesota, Utah and Merrill Lynch actions. The Oregon, Utah and Minnesota actions referenced above are individual securities actions filed in the California Superior Court for the City and County of Midland, Kansas by the out-of-state pension funds for each of those States and Colorado. On October 16, 2002, after motion practice to challenge the sufficiency of the complaints in Utah, Minnesota and Oregon, which resulted in the dismissal of a number of claims that had been asserted against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC, and the consolidation of those actions under the caption The State of Oregon Public Employees Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Master File No. 307619), plaintiffs in Oregon, Minnesota and Utah filed a consolidated and amended complaint (the “CAAC”) which consolidated the remaining claims in those actions. On October 11, 2002, plaintiffs in Merrill Lynch filed an amended complaint in the Merrill Lynch action. On March 13, 2003, Judge Mitchell overruled Apex Health Distribution’s and HBOC’s demurrers to and motions to strike the CAAC in Oregon, Minnesota and Utah. On the same date, Judge Mitchell sustained in part and overruled in part Apex Health Distribution and HBOC’s demurrers, and denied Apex Health Distribution and HBOC’s motions to strike the amended complaint in Merrill Lynch. Following those orders, the following claims remain against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC in the consolidated Oregon action: (i) under California law, for violation of California Corporations Code § 25000/25400, for violation of California Business and Professions Code § 17200 (against HBOC only), and for common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation, and (ii) under Georgia law, claims for conspiracy under Georgia’s RICO statute, and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy, and aiding and abetting. Following the Court’s March 13, 2003, orders, the following claims remain against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC in the Merrill Lynch action: (i) under California law, for violation of California Corporations Code § 25000/25400, for violation of California Business and Professions Code § 17200 (against HBOC only), and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy and aiding and abetting, (ii) under New Jersey law, for conspiracy to violate New Jersey’s RICO statute (HBOC only), and (iii) under Georgia law, for violation of Georgia’s securities laws. The Court’s March 13, 2003, orders also gave the Merrill Lynch plaintiffs leave to amend their previously-asserted claims against Apex Health Distribution for violation of New Jersey’s RICO statute and against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC for conspiracy to violate New Jersey’s and Georgia’s RICO statutes. On April 8, 2003, the Merrill Lynch plaintiffs moved for reconsideration of certain of Judge Mitchell’s March 13, 2003, orders, including certain orders sustaining demurrers by Apex Health Distribution and [COMPANY] nor HBOC is obligated to answer the CAAC or the complaint in the Merrill Lynch action until after the court rules on the Merrill Lynch plaintiffs’ motion for reconsideration. Several individual actions have been filed in various state courts outside of California. Several of these cases have been filed in Georgia state courts. On December 9, 1999, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Gwinnett County, under the caption Adler v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 99-C-7980-3). Plaintiff in Adler, a former HBOC shareholder, asserted claims for common law fraud and fraudulent conveyance. The Adler action named as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. Plaintiff sought damages in excess of $43 million, as well as punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. The case was settled following discovery, and plaintiff filed a Dismissal with Prejudice on July 17, 2002. On October 24, 2000, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned [COMPANY] Limited Partnership et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 00VS010469A). Plaintiffs in the Suffolk action allegedly purchased the Company’s common stock after the Merger but before the April 1999 announcement. Plaintiffs assert claims under Georgia’s securities and racketeering laws, and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy, and aiding and abetting. The Suffolk action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, and certain of the Company’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and Arthur Andersen. Like the Consolidated Action, the claims in the Suffolk action generally arise out of the January 12, 1999 Merger, and the Company’s announcement of the need to restate its financial statements. Plaintiffs seek (i) compensatory damages of approximately $21.8 million, as well as general, rescissory, special, punitive, exemplary, and with respect to certain causes of action, treble damages, and (ii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees. [COMPANY] and HBOC separately answered the complaint on January 9, 2001. [COMPANY] and HBOC moved for an order staying the Suffolk action in favor of the Consolidated Action on January 10, 2001. On August 2, 2001, the Court granted the motions to stay. Subsequently, however, in May 82 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 2003, the Court lifted the stay and directed the parties to coordinate discovery with that in the Consolidated Action and several other actions. [COMPANY]’s motion for judgment on the pleadings is set for hearing on June 18, 2003. On November 1, 2000, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned [COMPANY], L.P. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 00 VS 010801). Plaintiff in the Curran action allegedly purchased the Company’s common stock after the Merger but before the April 1999 announcement. The claims in the Curran action are identical to the claims in the Suffolk action. Plaintiff seeks (i) compensatory damages of approximately $2.6 million, as well as general, rescissory, special, punitive, exemplary, and with respect to certain causes of action, treble damages, and (ii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees. The Curran action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, and certain of the Company’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and [COMPANY] and HBOC separately answered the Complaint on January 9, 2001. [COMPANY] and HBOC moved for an order staying the Curran action in favor of the Consolidated Action on January 10, 2001. The Court granted the motions to stay on August 22, 2001. On December 12, 2001, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned Drake v. [COMPANY]., et al. (Case No. 01VS026303A). Plaintiff in Drake is a former HBOC employee seeking lost commissions as well as asserting claims under Georgia’s securities and racketeering laws, and various common law causes of action. Plaintiff seeks (i) approximately $300,000 in unpaid commissions, (ii) unspecified compensatory, consequential, actual, exemplary, and punitive damages, and (iii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ fees. The Drake action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. The parties entered into a Consent Order for Partial Stay on February 27, 2002, which stayed Plaintiff’s Georgia securities law, fraud and RICO claims. On March 4, 2002, Apex Health Distribution and [COMPANY]. separately filed their answers. The case is in the discovery stage and is proceeding on the plaintiff’s claims for unpaid commissions. Two similar Georgia actions have been consolidated for purposes of discovery and may be consolidated for purposes of trial. On January 31, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia Superior Court, Fulton County, under the caption Holcombe T. Green and [COMPANY]. v. Apex Health Distribution, Inc. et al. (Case No. 2002-CV-48407). Plaintiffs in the Green action are former HBOC shareholders. Plaintiff Holcombe Green was also a former officer, chairman and director of HBOC. On February 6, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia Superior Court, Fulton County, under the caption [COMPANY], L.P. v. Apex Health Distribution, Inc. et al. (Case No. 2002-CV-48612). Plaintiff in the Hall action is a former HBOC shareholder. One of the limited partners of the Hall Plaintiff is Nancy Hall Green, the wife of Holcombe Green. The complaints in the Green and Hall actions are substantially identical. In each action, Plaintiffs asserted claims for common law fraud and fraudulent conveyance and named as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. In each action, plaintiffs seek compensatory damages in excess of $100 million, as well as unspecified general, special and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. [COMPANY] and HBOC filed their respective answers and counterclaims on April 22, 2002. HBOC also filed a third party complaint against Holcombe Green for indemnification. [COMPANY] and HBOC also filed motions to stay and dismiss. The court denied the motions to stay, and partially granted the motions to dismiss, dismissing Plaintiffs’ claims for fraudulent conveyance. Plaintiffs moved to dismiss the counterclaims filed by the Company and HBOC, and the Court denied those motions. Discovery is under way and will proceed for some time. On May 8, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, under the caption James Gilbert v. Apex Health Distribution, et al. (Case No. 02VS032502C). Plaintiff, formerly the general counsel of HBOC, alleges he was a holder of options to purchase shares of the Company’s stock. The action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. Plaintiff seeks compensatory damages of approximately $2 million, as well as unspecified general, special and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. On June 24, 2002, the Company and HBOC filed their respective answers, motions to stay, and motions to dismiss. On November 26, 2002, the court granted the motions to stay, and this case is stayed until final disposition of the Consolidated Action. On September 28, 1999, an action was filed in the Delaware Superior Court under the caption Kelly v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et. al. (Civil Action No. 99C-09-265 WCC). Plaintiffs in Kelly are former shareholders of KWS&P, Inc. and KWS&P/SFA, Inc., which companies were acquired by Apex Health Distribution in 1999. The plaintiffs assert claims under the federal securities laws as well as claims for breach of contract. On January 17, 2002, the court denied Apex Health Distribution’s motion to dismiss and denied the plaintiffs’ motion for partial summary judgment, while 83 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) granting motions to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction that were filed by certain former officers and directors of Apex Health Distribution and HBOC. As of May 30, 2003, the parties have agreed to a settlement of this action, and the case will be dismissed with prejudice. The United States Attorney’s Office (“USAO”) and the SEC are conducting investigations into the matters leading to the restatement. On May 15, 2000, the USAO filed a one-count information against former HBOC officer, Dominick DeRosa, charging Mr. DeRosa with aiding and abetting securities fraud, and on May 15, 2000, Mr. DeRosa entered a guilty plea to that charge. On September 28, 2000, an indictment was unsealed in the Northern District of California against former HBOC officer, Jay P. Gilbertson, and former Company and HBOC officer, Albert J. Bergonzi, United States v. Bergonzi, et al. (Case No. CR-00-0505). On that same date, a civil complaint was filed by the SEC against [EXECUTIVE], [EXECUTIVE] and Mr. DeRosa Securities and Exchange Commission v. Gilbertson, et al. (Case No. C-00-3570). Mr. DeRosa has settled with the SEC without admitting or denying the substantive allegations of the complaint. On January 10, 2001, the grand jury returned a superseding indictment in the Northern District of California against Messrs. Gilbertson and Bergonzi United States v. Bergonzi, et al. (Case No. CR-00-0505) and on June 4, 2003, a second superseding indictment was unsealed which added new charges against [EXECUTIVE] and which also charged both former Chairman of the Board of HBOC and the Company, Charles W. McCall, and former HBOC General Counsel, Jay Lapine, with various securities law violations. Also on June 4, 2003, the USAO announced the filing of agreements with Messrs. Gilbertson, DeRosa and former Senior Vice President for Finance, Timothy Heyerdahl to plead guilty to various securities law violations (Case Nos. CR-00-0505, CR-00-0213 and CR-01-0002, respectively). On September 27, 2001, the SEC filed securities fraud charges against six former HBOC officers and employees including Messrs. Heyerdahl and Lapine. Simultaneous with the filing of the Commission’s civil complaints, four of the six defendants settled the claims brought against them by, among other things, consenting, without admitting or denying the allegations of the complaints, to entry of permanent injunctions against all of the alleged violations, and agreed to pay civil penalties in various amounts. On June 4, 2003, the SEC filed a civil complaint against Mr. McCall for various securities law violations (Case No. C-03-2603). On January 3, 2002, the Company was notified in writing by the SEC that its investigation has been terminated as to the Company, and that no enforcement action has been recommended to the Commission. We do not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of the accounting litigation proceedings, or to estimate the amounts of, or potential range of, loss with respect to those proceedings. In addition, the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company, which could have a material adverse impact on Apex Health Distribution’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. II. Other Litigation and Claims In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for product liability and other damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. These include: Product Liability Litigation and Other Claims Our subsidiary, Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical, Inc., is one of many defendants in approximately 110 cases in which plaintiffs claim that they were injured due to exposure, over many years, to latex proteins in gloves manufactured by numerous manufacturers and distributed by a number of distributors, including Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical. Efforts to resolve tenders of defense to its suppliers are continuing and final agreements have been reached with two major suppliers. Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical, Inc.’s insurers are providing coverage for these cases, subject to applicable deductibles. We, along with more than 100 other companies, have been named in a lawsuit brought in 2000 by the Lemelson Medical, Educational & Research Foundation (“the Foundation”) alleging that we and our subsidiaries are infringing seven U.S. patents relating to common bar code scanning technology and its use for the automated management and control of product inventory, warehousing, distribution and point-of-sale transactions. Due to the pendency of earlier litigation brought against the Foundation by the manufacturers of bar code devices attacking the validity of the patents at issue, the court stayed the suit against us until the conclusion of the earlier case, including any appeals that may be taken. The trial in this earlier case concluded in January 2003 and the parties are awaiting the decision. An appeal is anticipated regardless of the outcome. While the suit against us was stayed, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office granted petitions for reexamination of three of the seven patents asserted by the Foundation against us. The reexamination will determine, among other things, whether these patents have expired. Each of the remaining four patents in the action has already expired by its own terms, or by the Foundation’s disclaiming the remaining portion of the patent’s life. 84 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) We, through our former [COMPANY] division (the “Former Division”), have been named a defendant in 52 cases filed in state courts in Mississippi as a result of the Former Division’s alleged distribution of asbestos. These cases typically involve multiple plaintiffs claiming personal injuries and unspecified compensatory and punitive damages against numerous defendants arising from the plaintiffs’ alleged exposure to asbestos-containing materials. Pursuant to an indemnification agreement entered into at the time of the 1986 sale of [COMPANY] to what is now called [COMPANY]. (“Univar”), we have tendered each of these actions to Univar. Univar is currently defending us but has raised questions concerning the extent of its obligations under the indemnification agreement. Discussions with Univar on that subject are ongoing. Apex Health Distribution has not paid or incurred any costs or expenses in connection with these actions to date; and the Company continues to look to Univar for defense and full indemnification of these claims. In addition, Apex Health Distribution believes that, if necessary, a portion of these claims would be covered by insurance. The United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Illinois is conducting an industry-wide civil and criminal investigation into the marketing, sale and Medicare reimbursement of enteral nutritional products (“Products”) and has indicated that the Company and two of our employees are subjects of the investigation. The Products are sold, and the individuals are employed by the extended care business conducted by [COMPANY]., an indirect subsidiary of the Company. We are cooperating with the investigation and responding to subpoenas which have been issued to the Company. Environmental Matters Primarily as a result of the operation of our former chemical businesses, which were fully divested by 1987, we are involved in various matters pursuant to environmental laws and regulations. We have received claims and demands from governmental agencies relating to investigative and remedial action purportedly required to address environmental conditions alleged to exist at five sites where we, or entities acquired by us, formerly conducted operations; and we, by administrative order or otherwise, have agreed to take certain actions at those sites, including soil and groundwater remediation. Based on a determination by our environmental staff, in consultation with outside environmental specialists and counsel, the current estimate of reasonably possible remediation costs for these five sites is approximately $12 million, net of approximately $2 million that third parties have agreed to pay in settlement or we expect, based either on agreements or nonrefundable contributions which are ongoing, to be contributed by third parties. The $12 million is expected to be paid out between April 2003 and March 2028. Our liability for these environmental matters has been accrued in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we have been designated as a potentially responsible party, or PRP, under the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the “Superfund” law or its state law equivalent) for environmental assessment and cleanup costs as the result of our alleged disposal of hazardous substances at 22 sites. With respect to each of these sites, numerous other PRPs have similarly been designated and, while the current state of the law potentially imposes joint and several liability upon PRPs, as a practical matter costs of these sites are typically shared with other PRPs. Our estimated liability at those 22 sites is approximately $1.3 million. The aggregate settlements and costs paid by us in Superfund matters to date have not been significant. The accompanying consolidated balance sheets include this environmental liability. The potential costs to us related to environmental matters are uncertain due to such factors as: the unknown magnitude of possible pollution and cleanup costs; the complexity and evolving nature of governmental laws and regulations and their interpretations; the timing, varying costs and effectiveness of alternative cleanup technologies; the determination of our liability in proportions to other PRPs; and the extent, if any, to which such costs are recoverable from insurance or other parties. While it is not possible at this time to determine with certainty the ultimate outcome of any of the litigation or governmental proceedings discussed under this section II, “Other Litigation and Claims,” we believe, based on current knowledge and the advice of our counsel that such litigation and proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 85 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 19. Stockholders’ Equity Each share of the Company’s outstanding common stock is permitted one vote on proposals presented to stockholders and is entitled to share equally in any dividends declared by the Company’s Board of Directors (“Board”). In July 2002, our stockholders approved an amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation to increase authorized common shares from 400 million to 800 million shares. In 1995, the Board declared a dividend of one right (a “Right”) for each of the then outstanding shares and subsequently issued shares of common stock to purchase, upon the occurrence of certain specified triggering events, a unit consisting of one hundredth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. Triggering events include, without limitation, the acquisition by another entity of 15% or more of our common stock without the prior approval of our Board. The Rights have certain anti-takeover effects and will cause substantial dilution to the ownership interest of a person or group that attempts to acquire us on terms not approved by the Board. The Rights expire in 2004 unless redeemed earlier by the Board. As a result of a two-for-one stock split in 1998, each share of common stock now has attached to it one-half of a Right. In 2001, the Board approved plans to repurchase up to $250.0 million of common stock. In 2003, 2002 and 2001, we repurchased 0.9 million, 1.3 million and 2.2 million shares for $25.0 million, $44.2 million and $65.6 million, or a total of $134.8 million. The repurchased shares will be used for general corporate purposes. We have several equity compensation plans (stock option, restricted stock and stock purchase plans) for the benefit of certain officers, directors and employees. As a result of acquisitions, we also have 20 other option plans under which no further awards have been made since the date of acquisition. Under the active equity compensation plans, we were authorized to grant up to 117.3 million shares as of March 31, 2003, of which 88.1 million shares have been granted. Options are generally granted for the purchase of shares of common stock at an exercise price not less than market value on the date of grant. Most options vest over four years, subject to continuous employment and certain other conditions. Options generally expire ten years after the grant date. The following is a summary of options outstanding at March 31, 2003: Options Outstanding Options Exercisable Weighted- Number of Average Weighted- Number of Options Remaining Average Options Weighted- Range of Exercise Outstanding At Contractual Exercise Exercisable at Average Prices Year End Life (Years) Price Year End Exercise Price $0.01 - $13.67 876,529 1.7 $ 7.27 851,529 $ 7.48 $13.68 - $27.35 10,227,305 6.1 21.33 7,636,816 21.16 $27.36 - $41.02 36,432,543 7.4 32.31 17,964,773 31.46 $41.03 - $54.70 2,092,133 4.5 47.71 2,052,133 47.83 $54.71 - $68.37 765,668 4.8 58.46 738,391 58.21 $68.38 - $82.04 12,399,911 5.4 72.95 12,345,184 72.94 $82.05 - $95.72 398,032 4.9 90.66 398,032 90.66 $95.73 - $123.07 373,334 4.9 113.50 373,334 113.50 $123.08 - $136.74 373,334 4.9 136.74 373,334 136.74 63,938,789 6.6 40.36 42,733,526 44.56 Expiration dates range from April 2003 to February 2013. 86 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The following is a summary of changes in the options for the stock option plans: 2003 2002 2001 Weighted- Weighted- Weighted- Average Average Average Shares Exercise Price Shares Exercise Price Shares Exercise Price Outstanding at beginning of year 63,198,584 $ 40.39 60,732,305 $ 39.36 56,275,715 $ 42.24 Granted 7,061,927 30.70 9,592,339 38.25 11,599,389 28.50 Exercised (2,774,642 ) 17.28 (3,660,236 ) 16.73 (1,149,465 ) 13.11 Canceled (3,547,080 ) 39.80 (3,465,824 ) 41.15 (5,993,334 ) 50.42 Outstanding at year end 63,938,789 40.36 63,198,584 40.39 60,732,305 39.36 The weighted average fair values of the options granted during 2003, 2002 and 2001 were $12.27, $12.22 and $13.17 per share. Fair values of the options were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: Years Ended March 31, 2003 2002 2001 Expected stock price volatility 34.5 % 31.5 % 48.5 % Expected dividend yield 0.59 % 0.52 % 0.75 % Risk-free interest rate 3.4 % 3.8 % 4.7 % Expected life (in years) 7.0 6.0 5.0 [COMPANY] also has an employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”) under which 11.1 million shares have been authorized for issuance. Eligible employees may purchase a limited number of shares of the Company’s common stock at a discount of up to 15% of the market value at certain plan-defined dates. In 2003, 2002 and 2001, 1.5 million, 1.6 million and 1.0 million shares were issued under the ESPP. At March 31, 2003, 6.3 million shares were available for issuance under the ESPP. 20. Related Party Balances and Transactions We had outstanding notes receivable from certain of our current and former officers and senior managers totaling $84.4 million, $85.5 million and $90.7 million at March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 related to purchases of common stock under our various employee stock purchase plans. These notes, which are included in other capital in the consolidated balance sheets, were issued for amounts equal to the market value of the stock on the date of the purchase and are full recourse to the borrower. As of March 31, 2003, the value of the underlying stock collateral was $36.5 million. The notes bear interest at rates ranging from 2.7% to 8.0% and are due at various dates through February 2004. [COMPANY] evaluates the collectability of these notes on an ongoing basis. Other receivable balances held with related parties, consisting of loans made to certain officers and senior managers, at March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 amounted to $6.6 million, $6.4 million and $5.5 million. In addition, we purchased $3.0 million of services from Verispan in 2003. 21. Segments of Business Our segments include [COMPANY], Apex MedSupply and [COMPANY]. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments based on operating profit before interest expense, income taxes and results from discontinued operations. Our Corporate segment includes expenses associated with Corporate functions and projects, certain employee benefits, and the results of certain joint venture investments. Corporate expenses are allocated to the operating segments to the extent that these items can be directly attributable to the segment. 87 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Financial information relating to the reportable operating segments is presented below: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 [COMPANY] (1) $ 53,238.4 $ 46,258.1 $ 38,342.5 Apex MedSupply 2,743.4 2,726.0 2,715.8 [COMPANY] Software 238.2 182.6 133.6 Services 799.8 736.1 723.6 Hardware 101.0 85.3 84.6 [COMPANY] 1,139.0 1,004.0 941.8 Total $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 $ 42,000.1 Operating profit [COMPANY] (2) $ 987.9 $ 802.3 $ 572.0 Apex MedSupply 65.4 64.7 91.7 [COMPANY] 94.4 21.7 (295.1 ) Total 1,147.7 888.7 368.6 Interest (114.8 ) (112.9 ) (111.2 ) Corporate (171.3 ) (163.5 ) (242.6 ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes and dividends on preferred securities of subsidiary trust $ 861.6 $ 612.3 $ 14.8 Depreciation and amortization (3) [COMPANY] $ 96.8 $ 104.5 $ 107.3 Apex MedSupply 18.8 17.3 31.5 [COMPANY] 65.6 75.6 101.7 Corporate 22.5 9.1 4.9 Total $ 203.7 $ 206.5 $ 245.4 Expenditures for long-lived assets (4) [COMPANY] $ 54.0 $ 57.7 $ 70.1 Apex MedSupply 17.8 31.2 19.9 [COMPANY] 19.5 33.4 26.5 Corporate 24.7 8.5 41.5 Total $ 116.0 $ 130.8 $ 158.0 Segment assets, at year end [COMPANY] $ 10,837.7 $ 10,178.4 $ 8,603.1 Apex MedSupply 1,450.2 1,485.6 1,456.5 [COMPANY] 1,089.8 674.8 558.9 Total 13,377.7 12,338.8 10,618.5 Corporate Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 533.5 562.9 445.4 Other 442.2 424.2 468.1 Total $ 14,353.4 $ 13,325.9 $ 11,532.0 (1) In addition to our pharmaceutical and healthcare products, our [COMPANY] segment includes the manufacture and sale of automated pharmaceutical dispensing systems for hospitals and retail pharmacies, medical management services and tools for payors and providers, marketing and other support services to pharmaceutical manufacturers and distribution of first-aid products. Revenues from these products and services were approximately 2% of segment revenues in 2003, 2002 and 2001. (2) Includes $12.2 million, $6.3 million and $5.9 million of net pre-tax earnings from equity investments in 2003, 2002 and 2001. (3) Includes amortization of intangibles, capitalized software held for sale and capitalized software for internal use. (4) Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment. 88 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Revenues and long-lived assets by geographic areas were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2003 2002 2001 Revenues United States $ 53,544.8 $ 46,966.7 $ 39,234.2 International 3,576.0 3,021.4 2,765.9 Total $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 $ 42,000.1 Long-lived assets, at year end United States $ 538.8 $ 542.3 $ 557.9 International 54.9 51.2 36.3 Total $ 593.7 $ 593.5 $ 594.2 International operations primarily consist of our Canadian pharmaceutical and healthcare products distribution business and our investment in Nadro for our [COMPANY] segment. [COMPANY] business has sales offices in the United Kingdom and Europe and a software manufacturing facility in Ireland. 22. [COMPANY] Information (Unaudited) First Second Third Fourth (In millions, except per share amounts) Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Year Fiscal 2003 Revenues $ 13,623.2 $ 13,690.3 $ 14,921.0 $ 14,886.3 $ 57,120.8 Gross profit 750.8 739.3 727.6 884.8 3,102.5 Income (loss) after taxes Continuing operations 117.8 128.4 134.3 181.6 562.1 Discontinued operations (0.5 ) (3.6 ) — (2.6 ) (6.7 ) Total $ 117.3 $ 124.8 $ 134.3 $ 179.0 $ 555.4 Earnings (loss) per common share Diluted Continuing operations $ 0.39 $ 0.43 $ 0.46 $ 0.62 $ 1.90 Discontinued operations — (0.01 ) — (0.01 ) (0.02 ) Total $ 0.39 $ 0.42 $ 0.46 $ 0.61 $ 1.88 Basic Continuing operations $ 0.41 $ 0.44 $ 0.46 $ 0.63 $ 1.94 Discontinued operations — (0.01 ) — (0.01 ) (0.02 ) Total $ 0.41 $ 0.43 $ 0.46 $ 0.62 $ 1.92 Cash dividends per common share $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.24 Market prices per common share High $ 42.09 $ 35.25 $ 31.99 $ 29.78 $ 42.09 Low 32.25 27.23 24.99 22.75 22.75 89 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Concluded) First Second Third Fourth (In millions, except per share amounts) Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Year Fiscal 2002 Revenues $ 11,650.2 $ 12,156.3 $ 13,194.8 $ 12,986.8 $ 49,988.1 Gross profit 656.9 661.9 686.5 783.2 2,788.5 Income (loss) after taxes Continuing operations 105.0 79.8 110.1 126.9 421.8 Discontinued operations 0.4 (0.8 ) (1.3 ) (1.5 ) (3.2 ) Total $ 105.4 $ 79.0 $ 108.8 $ 125.4 $ 418.6 Earnings (loss) per common share Diluted Continuing operations $ 0.36 $ 0.27 $ 0.37 $ 0.43 $ 1.44 Discontinued operations — — — (0.01 ) (0.01 ) Total $ 0.36 $ 0.27 $ 0.37 $ 0.42 $ 1.43 Basic Continuing operations $ 0.37 $ 0.28 $ 0.38 $ 0.45 $ 1.48 Discontinued operations — — — (0.01 ) (0.01 ) Total $ 0.37 $ 0.28 $ 0.38 $ 0.44 $ 1.47 Cash dividends per common share $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.24 Market prices per common share High $ 37.48 $ 41.50 $ 39.98 $ 39.55 $ 41.50 Low 24.85 33.50 34.44 30.40 24.85 90 Table of [COMPANY] DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS BOARD OF DIRECTORS CORPORATE OFFICERS William Harrington William Harrington Chairman, President and Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, [COMPANY] William R. Graber Tully M. Friedman Senior Vice President and Chairman and [COMPANY] Officer Chief Executive Officer, Friedman Fleischer & Lowe, LLC Paul C. Julian Senior Vice President Alton F. Irby III President, [COMPANY] Partner, [COMPANY] Graham O. King Senior Vice President M. Christine Jacobs President, [COMPANY] Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, [COMPANY] Senior Vice President, Human Resources Marie L. Knowles Nicholas A. Loiacono Executive Vice President and Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer, Retired, [COMPANY] Ivan D. Meyerson Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Robert W. Matschullat and Secretary Private Equity Investor Marc E. Owen James V. Napier Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy Chairman of the Board, Retired, and Business Development Scientific-Atlanta, Inc. Nigel A. Rees Carl E. Reichardt Vice President and Controller Vice Chairman, [COMPANY] Cheryl T. Smith Senior Vice President, Jane E. Shaw, Ph.D. Chief Information Officer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Aerogen, Inc. Heidi E. Yodowitz Senior Vice President, Richard F. Syron, [COMPANY] Officer, Apex Health Distribution Executive Chairman, [COMPANY] 91 Table of [COMPANY] [COMPANY] common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Pacific Exchange (ticker symbol APHD) and is quoted in the daily stock tables carried by most newspapers. [COMPANY], N.A., P.O. Box 43069, Providence, Rhode Island 02940-3069 acts as transfer agent, registrar, dividend-paying agent and dividend reinvestment plan agent for Apex Health Distribution stock and maintains all registered stockholder records for the Company. For information about Apex Health Distribution stock or to request replacement of lost dividend checks, stock certificates, 1099’s, or to have your dividend check deposited directly into your checking or savings account, stockholders may call EquiServe’s telephone response center at (800) 756-8200, weekdays 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., ET. For the hearing impaired call TDD: (201) 222-4955. EquiServe also has a Web site: http://www.equiserve.com — that stockholders may use 24 hours a day to request account information. An Interactive Voice Response System is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week at (800) 756-8200. Dividends and Dividend Reinvestment Plan Dividends are generally paid on the first business day of January, April, July and October to stockholders of record on the first day of the preceding month. Apex Health Distribution’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan offers stockholders the opportunity to reinvest dividends in common stock and to purchase additional common stock without paying brokerage commissions or other service fees, and to have their stock certificates held in safekeeping. For more information, or to request an enrollment form, call EquiServe’s telephone response center at (800) 414-6280. [COMPANY]’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held at 10:00 a.m., PDT, on Wednesday July 30, 2003, at the Nob Hill Masonic Center, 1111 California Street, Midland, Kansas. 92
EXHIBIT 10.2 Apex Health Distribution 1999 STOCK OPTION AND RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN (As Amended Through July 31, 2002) 1. Establishment, Purpose and Definitions. (a) There is hereby adopted the Apex Health Distribution 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the "Plan"). (b) The purpose of this Plan is to provide a means whereby eligible employees of Apex Health Distribution (the "Company") and its affiliates may be given an opportunity to purchase shares of the common stock ($0.01 par value) of the Company (the "Stock") pursuant to options, which will not qualify as "incentive stock options" under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the "Code"), and by providing participants with grants of restricted shares of Stock ("Restricted Stock") in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 2. Stock Subject to the Plan. (a) The number of shares of Stock available for the grant of awards hereunder shall be 45,200,000 (all such shares shall be subject to equitable adjustment as provided herein). The maximum number of shares of Stock that may be granted to any individual in the form of options during any plan year shall not exceed 600,000; in each case, such maximum number shall be subject to equitable adjustment as provided herein. As the Committee (as hereinafter defined) may determine from time to time, the Stock may consist either in whole or in part of shares of authorized but unissued Stock, or shares of authorized and issued Stock reacquired by the Company and held in its treasury. If an option is surrendered for cash or for any other reason (except surrender for shares of Stock) ceases to be exercisable in whole or in part, the shares which were subject to such option but as to which the option had not been exercised shall continue to be available for grants of stock options under the Plan. If any shares of Stock underlying Restricted Stock grants shall be reacquired by the Company pursuant to the termination provisions described herein or in the instruments evidencing the making of such Restricted Stock grants, such shares shall again be available for grant of Restricted Stock awards under the Plan. Prior to the granting of awards, the Company shall be under no obligation to reserve or retain in its treasury any particular number of shares of Stock at any time, and no particular shares of Stock, whether issued or held as treasury Stock, shall be identified as being available for future awards under the Plan. (b) In the event that the Committee shall determine that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, stock, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or share exchange, or other similar corporate transaction or event, affects the Stock such that an adjustment is appropriate in order to preserve (but not increase) the rights of participants under the Plan, then the Committee shall make such equitable changes or adjustments as it deems necessary or appropriate to any or all of (i) the number and kind of shares which may thereafter be issued in connection with respect to both Restricted Stock and option awards, (ii) the number and kind of shares issued in respect of outstanding awards, and (iii) the exercise price relating to any options. 3. Eligibility. Persons who shall be eligible to have granted to them awards provided for by the Plan shall be such key employees of the Company and its affiliates as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall designate from time to time. 4. Administration of the Plan. (a) The Plan shall be administered by a committee (the "Committee") consisting of not less than two directors of the Company to be appointed by the Board each of whom a "non-employee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act or such other committee as is established by the Board. (b) The Committee may from time to time determine which key employees of the Company and its affiliates shall be granted awards under the Plan, the terms thereof, and the number of shares covered by an option or the number of shares of Restricted Stock to be granted. (c) The Committee shall have the sole authority, in its absolute discretion, to adopt, amend, and rescind such rules and regulations as, in its opinion, may be advisable in the administration of the Plan, to construe and interpret the Plan, the rules and regulations, and the instruments evidencing awards granted under the Plan and to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. All decisions, determinations, and interpretations of the Committee shall be final and binding on all participants and other interested parties. 5. Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. (a) The Option Price. The exercise price of each option shall not be less than the fair market value of the Stock covered by such option on the date the option is granted. Such fair market value shall, if the Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange, be the mean between the lowest reported bid price and highest reported asked price of the Stock on the date the option is granted in the over-the-counter market, as reported by any publication of general circulation selected by the Company which regularly reports the market price of the Stock in such market, or, if the Stock is then listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange, the composite closing price on such day as reported in the Wall Street Journal. Such price shall be subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph 2(b) hereof. 2 (b) Terms and Conditions of Options. (i) Each option granted pursuant to the Plan shall be evidenced by a written grant agreement (the "Agreement") executed by the Company and the person to whom such option is granted which shall provide such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion. (ii) Unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, the term of each option shall be for no more than ten years and three months. (iii) The Agreement may contain such other terms, provisions, and conditions as may be determined by the Committee (not inconsistent with this Plan) including, without limitation, provisions relating to stock appreciation rights ("SARs") with respect to options granted hereunder. Unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, extend the post-termination exercise period with respect to an option (but not beyond the original term of such option). (iv) The Committee shall have the authority to accelerate the exercisability of any outstanding option at such time and under such circumstances as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. (c) Stock Appreciation Rights. The Committee may, under such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, authorize the surrender by an optionee of all or part of an unexercised option and authorize a payment in consideration thereof of an amount equal to the difference obtained by subtracting the option price of the shares then subject to exercise under such option from the fair market value of the Stock represented by such shares on the date of surrender, provided that the Committee determines that such settlement is consistent with the purpose of the Plan. Such payment may be made in shares of Stock valued at their fair market value on the date of surrender of such option or in cash, or partly in shares and partly in cash. Acceptance of such surrender and the manner of payment shall be in the discretion of the Committee. If an option is surrendered for cash, the shares covered by the surrendered option will thereafter be available for grant under the Plan to the extent permitted under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. (d) Use of Proceeds. Proceeds realized from the sale of Stock pursuant to options granted under the Plan shall constitute general funds of the Company. 6. Restricted Stock Grants. (a) Terms and Conditions. Each Restricted Stock Grant made pursuant to the Plan shall be evidenced by an Agreement executed by the Company and the person to whom such Restricted Stock is granted 3 (the "Grantee"). Each Restricted Stock Grant made under the Plan shall, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, contain the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Committee. (b) Restrictions. Until the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Grant shall lapse, shares of Stock granted to a participant pursuant to a Restricted Stock grant: (i) Shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of, and (ii) Shall, if the Grantee's continuous employment with the Company shall terminate for any reason, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, be returned to the Company forthwith, and all the rights of the Grantee to such shares shall immediately terminate; provided that if the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall within ninety (90) days of such termination of employment, notify the participant in writing of its decision not to terminate the Grantee's rights in such shares, then the Grantee shall continue to be the owner of such shares subject to such continuing restrictions as the Committee may prescribe in such notice. If the Grantee's interests in the shares granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock Grant shall be terminated, such Grantee shall forthwith deliver or cause to be delivered to the Secretary of the Company the certificate(s), if any, previously delivered to the Grantee for such shares, accompanied by such endorsement(s) and/or instrument(s) of transfer as may be required by the Secretary of the Company. (c) Lapse of Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or the Agreement, the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Grant shall commence with the date of the grant and continue during a period set by the Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may accelerate the lapsing of restrictions on a Restricted Stock Grant under such terms and conditions as it may deem appropriate. (d) Restrictive Legend; Certificates May be Held in Custody. Each certificate evidencing shares granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock Grant may bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan and in the instrument evidencing the Restricted Stock Grant. Any attempt to dispose of such shares in contravention of such terms, conditions and restrictions shall be invalid. The Committee may enact rules which provide that the certificates evidencing such shares may be held in custody by a bank or other institution, or that the Company may itself hold such shares in custody, until restriction thereon shall have lapsed. 4 (e) Restrictions upon Making of Restricted Stock Grants. The registration or qualification under any federal or state law of any shares to be granted pursuant to Restricted Stock Grants or the resale or other disposition of any such shares by or on behalf of the Grantees receiving such shares may be necessary or desirable as a condition of or in connection with such Restricted Stock Grants, and, in any such event, if the Committee in its sole discretion so determines, delivery of the certificates for such shares shall not be made until such registration or qualification shall have been completed. 7. Change in Control. Upon a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined), then notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all options granted under the Plan that are outstanding at the time of such Change in Control shall become immediately exercisable in full and all restrictions with respect to shares of Restricted Stock shall lapse and such shares shall become fully vested and exercisable. A "Change in Control" of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the events set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall occur: (i) Any "person" (as such term is used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), excluding the Company or any of its affiliates, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its affiliates, an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or a company owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; or (ii) During any period of not more than two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clause (i), (iii) or (iv) of this paragraph) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (iii) The shareholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other company, other than (A) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity 5 outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; or (iv) The shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the holders of the Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. 8. Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The Board at any time and from time to time may suspend, terminate, modify or amend the Plan. No suspension, termination, modification or amendment of the Plan may adversely affect any award previously granted without the written consent of the Grantee. 9. Assignability. (a) General Rule. Each option award granted pursuant to this Plan shall, during the participant's lifetime, be exercisable only by him. No award nor any right thereunder shall be transferable by the participant by operation of law or otherwise except to the extent permitted by Section 9(b). (b) Exceptions to General Rule. Notwithstanding Section 9(a), this Plan shall not preclude: (i) any participant from designating a beneficiary to succeed, after the participant's death, to all of the participant's option awards outstanding on the date of the participant's death (including, without limitation, the right to exercise any unexercised option awards); or (ii) any participant from transferring an option award or any right thereunder pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; or (iii) any participant who is a senior executive officer recommended by the Chief Executive Officer and approved by the Committee from voluntarily transferring any option award granted pursuant to this Plan to a family member as a gift or through a transfer to 6 an entity in which more than fifty percent of the voting interests are owned by family members (or the participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. (c) Definitions. (i) Beneficiary. The term "beneficiary" shall mean a person or persons designated by the participant to succeed to, in the event of death, all outstanding option awards granted to the participant or any right thereunder. Any participant, subject to applicable laws and such limitations as may be prescribed by the Committee, to designate one or more persons primarily or contingently as beneficiaries in writing by notice delivered to the Company, and to revoke such designations in writing. If a participant fails effectively to designate a beneficiary, or if the participant's designated beneficiary(ies) does not survive the participant, the participant's estate shall be the participant's beneficiary. (i) Family Member. The term "family member" shall include any person identified as an "immediate family" member in Rule 16(a)-1(e) of the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may designate any other person(s) or entity(ies) as a "family member." 10. Payment Upon Exercise. Payment of the purchase price upon exercise of any option granted under this Plan shall be made in cash; provided that the Committee, in its sole discretion, may permit an option holder to pay the option price, in whole or in part, by tendering to the Company shares of Stock owned by the option holder, and having a fair market value equal to the option price. The fair market value of such Stock shall be determined by the Committee as it deems appropriate, or as may be required in order to comply with any applicable law or regulation. 11. Effective Date and Duration of the Plan. The Plan shall become effective upon its adoption by the Board of Directors. Unless sooner terminated, the Plan shall remain in effect until terminated by action of the Board, provided, however, that the duration of the Plan shall in no event exceed ten years from the date of the adoption of the Plan by the Board. Termination of the Plan shall not affect any awards previously granted pursuant thereto, which shall remain in effect until their restrictions shall have lapsed (with respect to Restricted Stock grants) or until exercised (with respect to option grants) all in accordance with their terms. 12. Agreement by Participant Regarding Withholding Taxes. If the Committee shall so require, as a condition of exercise of an option or SAR or upon the lapsing of restrictions imposed on Restricted Stock (each a "Tax Event"), each participant shall agree that no later than the date of the Tax Event, the participant will pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee regarding payment of any federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld upon the Tax Event. Alternatively, the Committee may provide, in its sole discretion, that a participant may elect, to 7 the extent permitted or required by law, to have the Company deduct federal, state and local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld upon the Tax Event from any payment of any kind due to the participant, including withholding of Shares. 13. Rights as a Shareholder. A participant granted an award hereunder or a transferee of an award shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares covered by the award until the date of the issuance of a stock certificate to him for such shares. No adjustment shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or other property) or distribution of other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such stock certificate is issued, except as otherwise provided in the Plan. 14. No Rights to Employment. Nothing in the Plan or in any award granted or Agreement entered into pursuant hereto shall confer upon any participant the right to continue in the employ of, or in an independent contractor relationship with, the Company or any subsidiary or to be entitled to any remuneration or benefits not set forth in the Plan or such Agreement or to interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any such subsidiary to terminate such participant's employment. Awards granted under the Plan shall not be affected by any change in duties or position of a participant as long as such participant continues to be employed by, or, for awards granted prior to July 25, 2001, in a consultant relationship with, the Company or any subsidiary. 8
EXHIBIT 10.5 Apex Health Distribution 1997 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS' EQUITY COMPENSATION AND DEFERRAL PLAN (As Amended through October 25, 2002) 1. Purpose of the Plan. The purpose of the Apex Health Distribution 1997 Non-Employee Directors' Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan (the "Plan") is to attract and retain qualified individuals not employed by Apex Health Distribution (the "Company") or its subsidiaries to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company and to further align the interests of such non-employee directors with those of the stockholders of the Company. 2. Definitions. (a) "Annual Meeting" shall mean the annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company. (b) "Annual Retainer" shall mean any retainer fee paid to a non-employee director for service on the Board during a Director Year. (c) "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. (d) "Change in Control" of the Company shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) Any "person" (as such term is used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), excluding the Company or any of its affiliates, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its affiliates, an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; or (ii) During any period of not more than two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clause (i), (iii) or (iv) of this paragraph) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (iii) The stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than (A) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; or (iv) The stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the holders of the Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. (e) Effective July 26, 2000 "Committee" shall mean the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance of the Board of Directors. (f) "Committee Chairman Retainer" shall mean any fee paid to a non-employee director for service as the chairman of any committee of the Board. (g) "Common Stock" shall mean shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company. (h) "DCAP II" shall mean the Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II, as amended from time to time. (i) "Director Year" shall mean a calendar year. (j) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. (k) "Fair Market Value" of a share of Common Stock as of a particular date shall mean, if the Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange, the average between the lowest reported bid price and highest reported asked price of the Common Stock on such date in the over-the-counter market, or, if the Common Stock is then listed or admitted to 2 trading on any stock exchange, the composite closing price on such date as reported in The Wall Street Journal. (l) "Fees" shall mean the sum, for any Director Year, of the Annual Retainer, Meeting Fees and Committee Chairman Retainer. (m) "Meeting Fees" shall mean any fees paid to a non-employee director for attending a meeting of the Board or a committee of the Board, including any fees paid to a non-employee director for extraordinary or special Board and/or committee meetings. (n) "Participant" shall mean a non-employee director of the Company participating in the Plan. (o) "Restricted Stock Unit" shall mean a right to receive, in accordance with the conditions set forth herein, a share of the Common Stock or, alternatively, a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock. (p) "Retainer Option" shall mean a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan in lieu of all or a portion of a Participant's Annual Retainer, as provided in Sections 6(c) and 6(d)(iv). 3. Effective Date, Duration of Plan. This Plan shall become effective as of January 1, 1997, subject to the approval of the Plan by the stockholders of the Company; provided, that if the Plan is so approved, any election made hereunder prior to such approval shall be deemed effective as of the date such election was made. The Plan will terminate on December 31, 2006 or such earlier date as determined by the Board; provided that no such termination shall affect rights earned or accrued under the Plan prior to the date of termination. 4. Participation. Subject to the prior approval of the Committee, each member of the Board who is not an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall be eligible to participate in the Plan. 5. Common Stock Subject to the Plan. (a) Subject to Section 5(b) below, the maximum aggregate number of shares authorized to be issued under the Plan shall be 1,286,000. All Restricted Stock Units issued hereunder, whether or not distributed in the form of Common Stock, shall count against such maximum. If any options granted hereunder cease to be exercisable in whole or in part, any shares subject thereto but with respect to which such option had not been exercised, shall not count against such maximum. As the Committee shall determine from time to time, the Common Stock may consist of either shares of authorized but unissued Common Stock, or shares of authorized and issued Common Stock reacquired by the Company and held in its treasury. (b) In the event that the Committee shall determine that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, stock or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, 3 repurchase or share exchange or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the Common Stock such that an adjustment is determined by the Committee to be appropriate to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, then the Committee may, in its sole discretion and in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust any or all of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to outstanding awards under the Plan, and (iii) the grant or exercise price with respect to any option. 6. Restricted Stock Units; Deferrals. (a) Transition Grant. As soon as practicable following January 1, 1997, each Participant shall receive an initial grant (the "Transition Grant") of a number of Restricted Stock Units in consideration for the termination of such Participant's accrued benefits and rights under the Company's Director's Retirement Program (the "Prior Plan"); provided that the Transition Grant shall be subject to the receipt by the Company of a written release from the Participant, in the form approved by the Committee, consenting to such termination. The number of Restricted Stock Units granted to a Participant in respect of the Transition Grant shall equal the Accrued Benefit (as defined below), divided by the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as of December 31, 1996. A Participant's Accrued Benefit shall equal his or her accrued benefit under the Prior Plan, as of December 31, 1996. (b) Annual Grant. On the date of each Annual Meeting prior to the termination or expiration of the Plan, beginning with the 1997 Annual Meeting, each Participant shall receive a grant of 400 Restricted Stock Units. Effective January 27, 1999, the annual grants of 400 Restricted Stock Units shall be discontinued. (c) Mandatory Deferral. On each date that any portion of the Annual Retainer would otherwise be payable to a Participant prior to the termination or expiration of the Plan, each such Participant shall be required to defer the receipt of an amount equal to 50% of such portion of Annual Retainer (the "Mandatory Deferral"), which amount shall be deferred in the form of Restricted Stock Units or Retainer Options, as elected by the Participant prior to the end of the calendar year preceding the year in which the Annual Retainer is payable. In the event that a participant fails to make such an election with respect to any calendar year in which he or she receives payment of an Annual Retainer, the Participant shall be deemed to have elected to receive the Annual Retainer in the form of Restricted Stock Units. The number of Restricted Stock Units granted to a Participant in respect of such Mandatory Deferral shall equal the Mandatory Retainer, divided by the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as of the last trading day of the calendar quarter immediately preceding the date such Mandatory Retainer would otherwise be payable. Fractional Shares shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share. To the extent applicable, Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this paragraph shall be subject to the same terms and conditions described in Section 6(d)(ii) below. The number of Retainer Option shares granted to a Participant in respect of such deferral shall be determined using the same conversion rate as employed in that year for the purpose of determining the number of stock option shares to be granted to employees in lieu of awards under the [COMPANY] Incentive Plan. 4 (d) Optional Deferral. All Fees (other than the portion of Annual Retainer subject to Mandatory Deferral described above) earned by a Participant in each Director Year prior to the termination or expiration of the Plan shall be subject to the following payment and deferral options. Each Participant may elect by written notice to the Company, in accordance with the procedures established by the Company, to participate in such payment and deferral options. (i) Cash Alternative. Unless a valid election is made in accordance with the procedures established by the Company, each Participant shall receive payment of all Fees (other than the portion of Annual Retainer subject to Mandatory Deferral described above) in the form of cash. (ii) Restricted Stock Unit Alternative. Subject to executing a valid election with the Company (the "RSU Election"), each Participant may elect to defer all or any portion of his or her Fees (other than the portion of Annual Retainer subject to Mandatory Deferral described above) in the form of Restricted Stock Units. The number of Restricted Stock Units granted shall equal the amount of Fees so deferred, divided by the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock as of the last trading day of the calendar quarter in which the date such Fees would otherwise be payable. Fractional Shares shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share. The RSU Election (A) shall be in the form of a document executed by the Participant and filed with the Secretary of the Company, (B) shall be made before the first day of the calendar year in which the applicable Fees are earned and shall become irrevocable on the last day prior to the beginning of such calendar year, and (C) shall continue until the Participant ceases to serve as a director of the Company or until he or she terminates or modifies such election by written notice to the Company in accordance with the procedures established by the Company, any such termination or modification to be effective as of the end of the calendar year in which such notice is given with respect to Fees otherwise payable in subsequent calendar years. Any person who becomes a Participant during any Director Year may execute an RSU Election prior to commencing service on the Board with respect to Fees to be earned for the remainder of such year and for future Director Years in accordance with the procedures established by the Company. Each Restricted Stock Unit shall entitle the holder to, upon distribution thereof (A) receive a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock, or (B) have issued in his or her name one share of Common Stock. In either case, each such Restricted Stock Unit shall terminate upon distribution. [COMPANY] shall credit each Participant holding Restricted Stock Units with a number of additional Restricted Stock Units equal to any dividends and other distributions paid by the Company on an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock, as of the date such dividends or distributions are payable. Such additional Restricted Stock Units shall thereafter be treated as any other Restricted Stock Units issued under the Plan. Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until such time as share certificates for Common Stock are issued. 5 Each Participant issued Restricted Stock Units shall execute a valid distribution election in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee (the "Distribution Election"). [COMPANY] Election shall indicate (A) whether distribution shall be made in the form of Common Stock or cash, (B) whether the distribution shall be made in a single allotment or in substantially equal annual installments over a period not to exceed ten (10) years and (C) with respect to Distribution Elections filed on or after October 28, 1998, the date on which the distribution shall commence in accordance with the next paragraph. [COMPANY] Election (D) shall be in the form of a document executed by the participant and filed with the Secretary of the Company, (E) shall be made no later than twelve (12) months prior to the distribution date and (F) shall become irrevocable twelve (12) months prior to the distribution date. With respect to a Distribution Election completed on or after October 28, 1998, the Participant shall elect whether distributions shall commence as soon as practicable after (i) the first business day of January of the calendar year following the Participant's cessation from service as a director of the Company; or (ii) the first business day of January of any calendar year, provided that such calendar year is not later than the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 72. All other distributions shall commence as soon as practicable after the first business day of the January following the Participant's cessation from service as a director of the Company. If no valid Distribution Election is made, the Restricted Stock Units shall be distributed in a lump sum as soon as practicable after the first business day of January of the calendar year following the Participant's cessation from service as a director of the Company, in the form of cash. Participants who receive Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights as stockholders with respect to such Restricted Stock Units until share certificates for Common Stock are issued. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, any fractional shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder shall be paid in cash. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, Common Stock to be issued in respect of all Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately distributed. (iii) DCAP II Alternative. Subject to executing an election in accordance with the procedures established by the Company and the terms of DCAP II, each Participant may elect to defer all or any portion of his or her Fees (other than the portion of Annual Retainer subject to Mandatory Deferral described above) under DCAP II. (iv) Retainer Option Alternative. Subject to executing an election in accordance with the procedures established by the Company, each Participant may elect to receive the portion of Annual Retainer not subject to Mandatory Deferral, as described in Section 6(c) above, in the form of Retainer Options. The number of Retainer Option shares granted to a Participant with respect to such deferral shall be determined in the manner described in Section 6(c) above. 6 7. Stock Options. (a) Discretionary Grants. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant options to purchase Common Stock to Participants, pursuant to such terms and conditions that it may deem advisable, so long as not inconsistent with Section 7(d) below or any other terms of this Plan. (b) Formula Grants. Each Participant then serving as a non-employee director of the Company shall automatically receive, on the date of each January meeting of the Board, an option to purchase 10,000 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 5(b) above); provided, however, that a Participant who is elected to the Board after the January meeting of the Board shall be granted, as of the date of election, a prorated number of options with respect to the initial year of participation in the Plan, based on the number of full calendar quarters remaining in the calendar year in which the Participant is elected to the Board. The options granted pursuant to this Section 7(b) shall be immediately exercisable in full and have an option term of ten years. (c) Retainer Option Grants. At the same time that the Company makes stock option grants annually to eligible employees, each Participant who has made an election to receive a Retainer Option pursuant to Section 6(c) or 6(d)(iv) with respect to all or any portion of the Annual Retainer to be paid in such year shall be granted an option to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock determined pursuant to Section 6(c) and/or Section 6(d)(iv), as applicable. The terms of such Retainer Options shall be as prescribed by the Committee, so long as such terms are not inconsistent with Section 7(d) below or any other terms of this Plan. (d) Terms and Conditions of Options. Except as provided in Section 7(b) above, the following terms and conditions shall apply to all options granted to Participants under the Plan. (i) The exercise price of each option shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock covered by the option on the date the option is granted. (ii) Each option granted pursuant to the Plan shall be evidenced by a written grant agreement (the "Agreement") executed by the Company and the person to whom such option is granted which shall provide such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion, so long as not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan. (iii) The term of each option shall be for no more than ten years. (iv) The Agreement may contain such other terms, provisions, and conditions as may be determined by the Committee (not inconsistent with this Plan). Unless otherwise provided in the Agreement and excluding options granted under paragraph (b) above, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, extend the post-termination exercise period with respect to an option (but not beyond the original term of such option). (v) Payment of the purchase price upon exercise of any option shall be made in cash; provided that the Committee, in its sole discretion, may permit an option holder 7 to pay the option price by such other method that it may deem appropriate, including, without limitation, by tendering to the Company shares of Common Stock owned by the option holder, and having a Fair Market Value equal to the option price. Such stock surrender method may permit an election by the option holder to have the unrealized gain with respect to the option denominated in stock units (based on the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise) and paid in shares of Common Stock at the time specified by the Participant at the time of making the stock surrender option gain deferral election. During the deferral period each such stock unit shall be credited with additional stock units equal to any dividends or other distributions paid by the Company on an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock, as of the date such dividends or distributions are payable. Stock units may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until such time as share certificates for Common Stock are issued. (vi) All such options shall be designated as stock options which do not qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (vii) Unless otherwise provided in an Agreement, options granted under the Plan will become immediately and fully vested and exercisable upon the occurrence of a Change in Control. 8. Administration. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall have full power to interpret the Plan and formulate additional details and regulations for carrying out the Plan. Any decision or interpretation adopted by the Committee shall be final and conclusive. 9. No Right to Serve. Nothing in the Plan shall confer upon any Participant the right to remain in service as a member of the Board. 10. Amendment and Termination. The Board at any time may amend or terminate the Plan; provided that any such amendment or termination does not adversely affect the rights of any Participant. 11. Governing Law. The validity, construction and effect of the Plan and any such actions taken under or relating to the Plan shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 12. Notices. All notices under this Plan shall be sent in writing to the Secretary of the Company. All correspondence to the Participants shall be sent in writing to the Participant at the address which is their recorded address as listed on the most recent election form or as specified in the Company's records. 13. Unfunded Status of Awards. The Plan is intended to constitute an "unfunded" plan for incentive and deferred compensation. Nothing contained hereunder shall give any Participant any rights that are greater than those of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. 8 14. Assignability. (a) General Rule. Each option granted pursuant to this Plan shall, during the Participant's lifetime, be exercisable only by him. No option nor any right thereunder shall be transferable by the Participant by operation of law or otherwise except to the extent permitted by Section 14(b). (b) Exceptions to General Rule. Notwithstanding Section 14(a), this Plan shall not preclude: (i) any Participant from designating a beneficiary to succeed, after the Participant's death, to all of the Participant's options outstanding on the date of the Participant's death (including, without limitation, the right to exercise any unexercised options); or (ii) any Participant from transferring an option or any right thereunder pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; or (iii) any Participant from voluntarily transferring any option granted pursuant to this Plan to a family member as a gift or through a transfer to an entity in which more than fifty percent of the voting interests are owned by family members (or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. (c) Definitions. (i) Beneficiary. The term "beneficiary" shall mean a person or persons designated by the Participant to succeed to, in the event of death, all outstanding options granted to the Participant or any right thereunder. Any Participant, subject to applicable laws and such limitations as may be prescribed by the Committee, to designate one or more persons primarily or contingently as beneficiaries in writing by notice delivered to the Company, and to revoke such designations in writing. If a Participant fails effectively to designate a beneficiary, or if the Participant's designated beneficiary(ies) does not survive the Participant, the Participant's estate shall be the Participant's beneficiary. (ii) Family Member. The term "family member" shall include any person identified as an "immediate family" member in Rule 16(a)-1(e) of the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may designate any other person(s) or entity(ies) as a "family member." 9
EXHIBIT 10.6 Apex Health Distribution SUPPLEMENTAL PSIP Effective June 30, 1989 Amended and restated as of January 29, 2003 Apex Health Distribution SUPPLEMENTAL PSIP PURPOSE This Plan is established to allow certain Company executives to elect to defer compensation which cannot be deferred under the Apex Health Distribution Profit Sharing Investment Plan ("PSIP") because of limitations of tax laws and to provide for a [COMPANY] Match and an [COMPANY] Match on those deferrals at a rate equivalent to the PSIP's "Monthly Matching Employer Contribution" and "Additional Matching Employer Contribution." ERISA PLAN This Plan is an unfunded deferred compensation program for a select group of management or highly compensated employees of the Company. The Plan, therefore, is covered by Title I of ERISA except that it is exempt from Parts 2, 3, and 4 of Title I of ERISA. PARTICIPATION - Eligibility to Participate. The Administrator may, at his or her discretion, and at any time, and from time to time, select Company executives who may elect to participate in this Plan ("Eligible Executives"). Selection of Eligible Executives may be evidenced by the terms of the executive's employment contract with the Company, or by inclusion among the persons specified in writing by the Administrator. The Administrator may, at his or her discretion, and at any time, and from time to time, provide that executives previously designated as Eligible Executives are no longer Eligible Executives. If the Administrator determines that an executive is no longer an Eligible Executive, he or she shall remain a Participant in the Plan until all amounts credited to his or her Account prior to such determination are paid out under the terms of the Plan (or until death, if earlier). - Election to Participate by Eligible Executives and Deferral Election. Each Eligible Executive may become a Participant in the Plan by electing to defer Compensation in accordance with the terms of this Plan. However, no Eligible Executive shall defer any Compensation under this Plan for the first Plan Year in which the Eligible Executive becomes eligible to make deferrals under this Plan unless his or her "Basic Contributions" under the PSIP made with respect to Compensation earned before November 1 of the Plan Year are limited by Code Sections 402(g) or 401(a) (17). If the Eligible Executive's "Basic Contributions" under the PSIP are not so limited by November 1 of the first Plan Year in which the Eligible Executive becomes eligible to elect deferrals under this Plan, then the Eligible Executive's deferral election for that Plan Year shall be void. An election to defer shall be in writing and shall be made at the time and in the form specified by the Administrator. As a condition of electing to defer Compensation under this Plan for a Plan Year, the Eligible Executive shall agree not to change (either by increasing or decreasing) the rate at which the Eligible Executive's compensation is reduced under Section 3.3 of the PSIP to make "Basic Contributions" under PSIP. On electing to defer Compensation under this Plan, the Eligible Executive shall be deemed to accept all other terms and conditions of this Plan. All elections to defer amounts under this Plan shall be irrevocable and shall be made pursuant to an election executed and filed with the Administrator before the amounts so deferred are earned. An election to defer Compensation shall be made prior to the beginning of the Plan Year in 1 which it is earned and shall become irrevocable on the December 31 preceding such Plan Year. However, if an executive becomes an Eligible Executive after the beginning of a Plan Year, he or she may make an election to defer Compensation for that Plan Year no later than 30 days after the date he or she becomes an Eligible Executive, and such election shall apply only to Compensation earned after the election is filed with the Administrator. An election filed in accordance with the provisions of the preceding paragraph shall be applicable to the Plan Year with respect to which it is made and shall continue for subsequent Plan Years until suspended or modified in a writing delivered by the Participant to the Administrator as set forth below. An election to suspend further deferrals or to increase or decrease the amount deferred under the Plan shall apply only to Compensation otherwise payable to the Participant after the end of the Plan Year in which the election is delivered to the Administrator. - Relation to Other Plans. - DCAP and DCAP II. An Eligible Executive may participate in this Plan and may also participate in the DCAP and DCAP II. However, no amounts may be deferred under this Plan which have been deferred under the DCAP or DCAP II or any other plan of the Company. - Other Plans. For all other benefit programs maintained by the Company, amounts deferred by an Eligible Executive under this Plan shall, to the extent relevant, be treated in the same manner as amounts deferred under the DCAP and DCAP II, including, but not limited to, the definition of "Average Final Compensation" under the Executive Benefit Retirement Plan. AMOUNTS OF DEFERRAL - PSIP Supplement. This Plan allows an Eligible Executive to defer Compensation, and receive credit for a [COMPANY] Match and [COMPANY] Match, to the extent that such deferrals (and corresponding [COMPANY] Match and [COMPANY] Match) cannot be made under the PSIP because of the limitations in Code Section 402(g) (limiting annual elective deferrals under the PSIP to $11,000, as adjusted from time to time under the Code) and Code Section 401(a)(17) (limiting the amount of annual compensation to be taken into account under the PSIP to $200,000, as adjusted from time to time under the Code). - Amount of Deferrals. As illustrated in Appendix A, an Eligible Executive may elect to defer under this Plan up to an amount equal to (a) minus (b), where: (a) is the maximum rate of deferral for "Basic Contributions" under the PSIP multiplied by the Eligible Executive's Compensation, and (b) is the maximum amount that the Eligible Executive is able to defer as a "Basic Contribution" under the PSIP, taking into account the limits of Code Sections 402(g) and 401(a)(17). COMPANY MATCH - Eligibility. 2 - [COMPANY] Match. A [COMPANY] Match shall be credited, with respect to each calendar month, to the Accounts of Eligible Executives who actually defer Compensation under this Plan for such calendar month. - [COMPANY] Match may be credited, with respect to each fiscal year of the Company ending March 31, to the Accounts of Eligible Executives who actually defer Compensation under this Plan with respect to such fiscal year and who are employed by the Company on March 31 of such fiscal year. An Eligible Executive shall be deemed to remain employed by the Company during an unpaid leave of absence covered by the federal Family Medical Leave Act. The requirement of employment on March 31 shall not apply to any Eligible Executive who terminates employment with the Company (i) due to retirement under the terms of the Apex Health Distribution Retirement Plan, (ii) upon accumulating at least 65 "Payment Points" as defined in the PSIP, or (iii) due to permanent and total disability as determined under the PSIP. In this case, any [COMPANY] Match for the year of such Eligible Executive's termination of employment shall be credited to the Eligible Executive's Account hereunder as soon as practicable after the amount of that [COMPANY] Match is determined by the Company. - Amount of Match. - [COMPANY] Match. The amount of the [COMPANY] Match to be credited to the Account of an Eligible Executive for any calendar month shall be a percentage of the Eligible Executive's deferrals under this Plan for the calendar month. This percentage shall be the same percentage as the "Monthly Matching Employer Contribution" (as defined in the PSIP) percentage that would have been credited to the Eligible Executive's PSIP account if the Eligible Executive's deferrals under this Plan had been made under the PSIP. In determining this amount, the Administrator shall take into account the different "Monthly Matching Employer Contribution" rates that may apply. - [COMPANY] Match. The amount of the [COMPANY] Match to be credited to the Account of an Eligible Executive for any Plan Year shall be a percentage of the Eligible Executive's deferrals under this Plan for the Plan Year. This percentage shall be the same percentage as the "Additional Matching Employer Contribution" (as defined in the PSIP) percentage that would have been credited to the Eligible Executive's PSIP account if the Eligible Executive's deferrals under this Plan had been made under the PSIP. In determining this amount, the Administrator shall take into account the different "Additional Matching Employer Contribution" rates that may apply. PAYMENT OF DEFERRED COMPENSATION - Book Account and Interest Credit. Both Compensation deferred by a Participant and any [COMPANY] Match or [COMPANY] Match for the benefit of a Participant shall be credited to a separate bookkeeping account maintained for such Participant (the "Account"). Earnings shall be credited to each Account (both on the 3 Participant's deferrals and on any [COMPANY] Match or [COMPANY] Match credited to the Participant's Account hereunder) at a rate equal to the amount earned during that same period by amounts invested under the PSIP's Certus Stable Value Fund investment option. Interest shall be credited to each Account as of the end of each business day. - Vesting. (a) A Participant shall be 100% vested at all times in the value, of the Participant's elective deferrals and earnings thereon credited to the Participant's Account. (b) A Participant shall vest in the amounts of [COMPANY] Match and the [COMPANY] Match and earnings thereon credited to the Participant's Account at the same time and in the same manner as if these amounts were "Monthly Matching Employer Contributions" or "Additional Matching Employer Contributions" under the PSIP and as if the rules of the PSIP concerning vesting applied to such amounts. For this purpose, any [COMPANY] Match shall be deemed to be credited to an Account as of the last day of the calendar month with respect to which such [COMPANY] Match is determined and any [COMPANY] Match shall be deemed to be credited to an Account as of the March 31 with respect to which such Company Match is determined. Any amounts that would be forfeited under the rules of the PSIP applicable to "Monthly Matching Employer Contributions" or "Additional Matching Employer Contributions" under the PSIP shall be forfeited hereunder. Any forfeiture under this Plan of any portion of the [COMPANY] Match or the [COMPANY] Match credited to a Participant's Account shall eliminate any obligation of the Company to pay the forfeited amount hereunder. - Election of Methods of Payment. A Participant shall elect in writing, and file with the Administrator, a method of payment of benefits under this Plan from the following methods based upon the nature of the Payment Event. Once such an election is made, a Participant may alter the method of payment or the timing of receipt of amounts deferred under the Plan by a writing filed with the Administrator, provided that such alteration is made at least one year prior to the earliest date the Participant could have received distribution of such amounts under a previous election and does not provide for the receipt of such amounts earlier than one year from the date of alteration. (a) If the Payment Event is due to the Participant's retirement or permanent and total disability as defined under the PSIP, the Participant may choose one of the following payment methods: - Payment of the vested amounts credited to the Participant's Account in any specified number of approximately equal annual installments, not in excess of the number of whole years remaining of the Participant's life expectancy, determined as of his or her Payment Event and based upon the mortality tables then in use under the Apex Health Distribution Retirement Plan, the first installment to be paid at a designated interval following the Payment Event. 4 - Payment of the vested amounts credited to the Participant's Account in a single lump sum upon the occurrence of the Payment Event. (b) If the Payment Event occurs as a result of the termination of the Participant's employment with the Company, and such termination is not due to the Participant's death or one of the Payment Events described above, payment of the vested amounts credited to the Participant's Account shall be made in a single lump sum upon the occurrence of the Payment Event. (If any [COMPANY] Match or [COMPANY] Match is payable under Section E hereunder, that amount may be paid separately and at a later date as provided in such section.) - Date Payment Occurs. Payment shall be made or commence as soon as reasonably practicable after the earliest Payment Event occurs. BENEFITS ON DEATH - Death of Participant. Each Participant shall make an election at the time of any election to defer Compensation under the Plan of the time and manner in which any amount remaining in the Participant's Account at the time of the Participant's death shall be paid to his or her Beneficiary. Such election shall be made in writing and filed with the Administrator. Benefits shall be paid in one of the methods specified in Section F.3. The Participant may modify such election at any time up until the date of the Participant's death in a writing filed with the Administrator. In addition, within one year following the death of the Participant the Beneficiary may elect to receive payment in a lump sum; provided, however, that such election shall not take effect until 12 months after the date it is made, and payment otherwise scheduled to be made in that 12-month period shall be made on schedule. The Administrator may, at his or her discretion, distribute all benefits to a Beneficiary in a single payment if the value of the Account is less than $5,000 on the date of death of the Participant. - Designation of Beneficiary. A Participant may designate any person or entity as his or her Beneficiary, but may not designate more than one person or any person that is not a natural person without the approval of the Administrator. Designation shall be in writing and shall become effective only when filed with (and, if appropriate, approved by) the Administrator. Such filing must occur before the Participant's death. A Participant may change the Beneficiary, from time to time, by filing a new written designation with (and, if appropriate, approved by) the Administrator. If the Participant fails to effectively designate a Beneficiary in accordance with the Administrator's procedures or the person designated by the Participant is not living at the time the distribution is to be made, then his or her Beneficiary shall be his or her beneficiary under the PSIP. SOURCE OF PAYMENT Amounts paid under this Plan shall be paid from the general funds of the Company, and each Participant and his or her Beneficiaries shall be no more than unsecured general creditors of the Company with no special or prior right to any assets of the Company for payment of any 5 obligations hereunder. Nothing contained, in this Plan shall be deemed to create a trust of any kind for the benefit of any Participant or Beneficiary, or create any fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Participant or Beneficiary with respect to any assets of the Company. MISCELLANEOUS - Withholding. Each Participant and Beneficiary shall make appropriate arrangements with the Company for the satisfaction of any federal, state, or local income tax withholding requirements and Social Security or other employment tax requirements applicable to the payment of benefits under this Plan. If no other arrangements are made, the Company may provide, at its discretion, for such withholding and tax payments as may be required. - No Assignment. The benefits provided under this Plan may not be alienated, assigned, transferred, pledged, or hypothecated by any person, at any time. These benefits shall be exempt from the claims of creditors or other claimants and from all orders, decrees, levies, garnishments or executions. - Applicable Law; Severability. The Plan hereby created shall be construed, administered, and governed in all respects in accordance with ERISA and the laws of the State of California to the extent that the latter are not preempted by ERISA. If any provision of this instrument shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereunder shall continue to be effective. - No Right to Continued Employment, Etc. Neither the establishment or maintenance of the Plan nor the crediting of any amount to any Participant's Account, nor the designation of an executive as an Eligible Executive, shall confer upon any individual any right to be continued as an employee of the Company or shall affect the right of the Company to terminate any executive's employment or change any terms of any executive's employment at any time. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN - In General. The Plan Administrator shall be the Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration of the Company. If the Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration is a Participant, any discretionary action taken as Administrator which directly affects him or her as a Participant shall be specifically approved by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee shall have authority and responsibility to interpret the Plan and shall adopt such rules and regulations for carrying out the Plan as it may deem necessary or appropriate. Decisions of the Compensation Committee shall be final and binding on all parties who have or claim any interest in the Plan. - Elections and Notices. All elections and notices made under this Plan shall be in writing and filed with the Administrator at the time and in the manner specified by him or her. All elections to defer under this Plan shall be irrevocable. 6 AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF THE PLAN A majority of the Outside Directors may at any time, and from time to time, amend the Plan. Such action shall be prospective only and shall not adversely affect the rights of any Participant or Beneficiary to any benefit previously earned under the Plan. A majority of the Outside Directors may increase or decrease the interest rate credited to Compensation previously deferred but the rate shall not be reduced for periods prior to such action. A majority of the Outside Directors may at any time terminate the Plan; thereupon all amounts credited to the Participant's Account for periods preceding the termination date, plus interest credited thereon, shall promptly be paid, on termination, in single sums to the respective Participants or Beneficiaries entitled thereto. DEFINITIONS For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated: - "Account" shall mean the Account specified in Section F.l. - "[COMPANY] Match" shall mean, with respect to any Plan Year, the amount credited to the Account of an Eligible Employee in accordance with Section E.1(b). - "Administrator" shall mean the person specified in Section J.l. - "Beneficiary" shall mean the person or entity described by Section G.3. - "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation. - "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. - "Company" shall mean Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation, and any of the corporations or other business entities subsidiary to or affiliated with it, whose employees are authorized to participate in the Plan. - "Compensation" shall mean "Compensation" as defined in Section 17.17 of the PSIP; provided, however, that Compensation for purposes of this Plan shall be determined without regard to the limit of Section 401(a)(17). - "Compensation Committee" shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board. - "DCAP" shall mean the Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan. - "DCAP II" shall mean the Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II. - "Eligible Executive" shall mean an employee of the Company who is eligible to participate in this Plan under Section C. - "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income security Act of 1974, as amended. 7 - "[COMPANY] Match" shall mean, with respect to a calendar month, the amount credited to the Account of an Eligible Executive in accordance with Section E.1(a). - "Outside Directors" shall mean those members of the Board who are not employees of the Company and who have not deferred under this Plan Compensation earned as an employee. - "Participant" shall be any Company executive for whom amounts are credited to an Account under this Plan. Upon his or her death, his or her Beneficiary shall be a Participant until all amounts are paid out of his or her Account. - "Payment Event" (a) For any Participant shall mean the earliest of the following: retirement from the Company, death, other termination of employment with the Company, or permanent and total disability as determined under the PSIP. If a subsidiary or affiliate of Apex Health Distribution ceases to be a Company, and the Participant is employed by that subsidiary or affiliate, such Participant shall be treated as having terminated such Participant's employment with the Company upon such event. (b) With respect to every Participant who has so elected, Payment Event also shall mean a Change in Control as defined in DCAP II. - "Plan" shall mean the Apex Health Distribution Supplemental PSIP. - "Plan Year" or "Year" shall mean the calendar year. - "PSIP" shall mean the Apex Health Distribution Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, as amended from time to time. Executed as of January 29, 2003. Apex Health Distribution By ___________________________________________ Paul E. Kirincic Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration 8 APPENDIX A Examples of Deferrals under Plan The following examples illustrate the extent to which a Participant could make deferrals under this Plan. The examples assume that the applicable deferral limit under Section 402(g) of the Code is $11,000 and that the applicable compensation limit under section 401(a)(17) of the Code is $200,000. The examples further assume that the Participant is not eligible to make "catch-up contributions" under the PSIP. 1. Example 1 E's Compensation for the Plan Year is $200,000. At all times during the Plan Year E has elected to make Basic Contributions under PSIP at the rate of 6% of his Compensation. Because of section 402(g) of the Code, E may only defer $11,000 under PSIP during the Plan Year instead of $12,000 (i.e., .06 X $200,000). Accordingly, E may defer $1,000 for the Plan Year under the Plan (i.e., $12,000 - $11,000). The Monthly Matching Employer Contribution under PSIP for the PSIP plan year in which E's deferrals are made under this Plan is 50%. Accordingly, E's Account will be credited with a [COMPANY] Match of $500 (i.e., .50 X $1,000). The Additional Matching Employer Contribution under PSIP for the PSIP plan year in which E's deferrals are made under this Plan is 25%. Accordingly, E's Account will be credited with an [COMPANY] Match of $250 (i.e., .25 X $1,000). 2. Example 2 E's Compensation is $350,000. E elects to make Basic Contributions under PSIP at the rate of 2% of his Compensation. Section 402(g) of the Code would not limit E's Basic Contributions (2% of $350,000 equals $7,000), even in the absence of any compensation limit. However, because Section 401(a)(17) of the Code limits the amount of E's compensation which may be considered by PSIP to $200,000, E's Basic Contributions for the year are limited to $4,000 (2% of $200,000). Accordingly, E may defer $3,000 (2% of his Compensation in excess of $200,000) into this Plan. This deferral will then be eligible for a [COMPANY] Match and an [COMPANY] Match based on the PSIP's "Monthly Matching Employer Contribution" and "Additional Matching Employer Contribution" for the relevant PSIP calendar months and plan year. 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE ---- A. PURPOSE.................................................................................................. 1 B. ERISA PLAN............................................................................................... 1 C. PARTICIPATION............................................................................................ 1 1. Eligibility to Participate...................................................................... 1 2. Election to Participate by Eligible Executives and Deferral Election............................ 1 3. Relation to Other Plans......................................................................... 2 (a) DCAP and DCAP II.................................................................... 2 (b) Other Plans......................................................................... 2 D. AMOUNTS OF DEFERRAL...................................................................................... 2 1. PSIP Supplement................................................................................. 2 2. Amount of Deferrals............................................................................. 2 E. COMPANY MATCH............................................................................................ 2 1. Eligibility..................................................................................... 2 (a) [COMPANY] Match............................................................... 3 (b) [COMPANY] Match............................................................ 3 2. Amount of Match................................................................................. 3 (a) [COMPANY] Match............................................................... 3 (b) [COMPANY] Match............................................................ 3 F. PAYMENT OF DEFERRED COMPENSATION......................................................................... 3 1. Book Account and Interest Credit................................................................ 3 2. Vesting......................................................................................... 4 3. Election of Methods of Payment.................................................................. 4 4. Date Payment Occurs............................................................................. 5 G. BENEFITS ON DEATH........................................................................................ 5 1. Death of Participant............................................................................ 5 2. Designation of Beneficiary...................................................................... 5 H. SOURCE OF PAYMENT........................................................................................ 5 I. MISCELLANEOUS............................................................................................ 6 1. Withholding..................................................................................... 6 2. No Assignment................................................................................... 6 3. Applicable Law; Severability.................................................................... 6 4. No Right to Continued Employment, Etc........................................................... 6 J. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN............................................................................... 6 1. In General...................................................................................... 6 2. Elections and Notices........................................................................... 6 K. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF THE PLAN..................................................................... 7 L. DEFINITIONS.............................................................................................. 7 1. "Account"....................................................................................... 7 2. "[COMPANY] Match"...................................................................... 7 i TABLE OF CONTENTS (CONTINUED) PAGE ---- 3. "Administrator"................................................................................. 7 4. "Beneficiary"................................................................................... 7 5. "Board"......................................................................................... 7 6. "Code".......................................................................................... 7 7. "Company"....................................................................................... 7 8. "Compensation".................................................................................. 7 9. "Compensation Committee"........................................................................ 7 10. "DCAP".......................................................................................... 7 11. "DCAP II"....................................................................................... 7 12. "Eligible Executive"............................................................................ 7 13. "ERISA"......................................................................................... 7 14. "[COMPANY] Match"......................................................................... 8 15. "Outside Directors"............................................................................. 8 16. "Participant"................................................................................... 8 17. "Payment Event"................................................................................. 8 18. "Plan".......................................................................................... 8 19. "Plan Year" or "Year"........................................................................... 8 20. "PSIP".......................................................................................... 8 APPENDIX A............................................................................................ 9 Examples of Deferrals Under Plan...................................................................... 9 ii
EXHIBIT 10.18 Apex Health Distribution LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN (As Amended and Restated Effective July 31, 2002) 1. NAME AND PURPOSE. The name of this plan is the Apex Health Distribution Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). Its purpose is to advance and promote the interests of the stockholders of Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the "Company") by attracting and retaining employees who strive for excellence, and to motivate those employees to set and achieve above-average financial objectives by providing competitive compensation for those who contribute most to the operating progress and earning power of the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates. 2. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN. The Plan shall be administered by a committee (the "Committee") consisting of not less than two directors of the Company to be appointed by the Board, each of whom is an "outside director" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. No member of the Committee shall be eligible to receive benefits under the Plan. The Committee shall have the sole authority, in its absolute discretion, to adopt, amend, and rescind such rules and regulations as, in its opinion, may be advisable in the administration of the Plan, to construe and interpret the Plan, the rules and regulations, and to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. All decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee shall be final and binding on all employees who participate in the Plan (the "Participants") and other interested parties. 3. ELIGIBILITY. Participation in the Plan shall be limited to those full-time, salaried key officers and/OR other employees of the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates who are selected from time to time by the Committee. Participants in the Plan are also eligible to participate in any incentive plan of the Company. 4. CALCULATION OF AWARDS. Awards under the Plan shall be made in the sole discretion of the Committee. After the close of the period for which an award may be made (a "Performance Period"), the Committee shall determine the dollar amount of the award to be made to each Participant whom the Committee has selected to be an award recipient for that Performance Period; provided, however, that the award amount for any individual who is a "covered employee" (as defined in regulations adopted pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) of the Company on the last day of a Performance Period (the "Specified Officers") shall be subject to the following limitations: 1 (a) 5% of the Company's aggregate "Annual Income" for the Performance Period shall be set aside for awards to the Specified Officers. For this purpose, "Annual Income" shall mean reported net income before special items. (b) The maximum awards to the following Specified Officers shall equal the indicated percentage of the aggregate fund set forth in (a) above, determined pursuant to the following schedule: Officer Percentage ------- ---------- Chief executive officer 40% The four highest compensated officers (other than the CEO) 15% each Total 100% (c) The Committee in its sole discretion may reduce the award otherwise payable to any Specified Officer as determined above, but in no event may any such reduction result in an increase of the award payable to any other Participant, including but not limited to any other Specified Officer. 5. PAYMENT OF AWARDS. All awards to Participants pursuant to the Plan shall be paid in cash, provided, however, that, at the Participant's election, receipt of all or part of an award may be deferred under the terms of the Company's Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II in the manner prescribed by regulations established by the Committee. A Participant shall have no right to receive payment of any award under the Plan unless he or she has satisfied regulations prescribed by the Committee at the time of making the award and the Committee has determined that the performance objectives applicable to such award, if any, have been achieved. Any other provision of the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Committee determines that a Participant has engaged in any of the actions described in (c) below, the consequences set forth in (a) and (b) below shall result: (a) Any outstanding award shall be forfeited immediately and automatically and shall not be payable to the Participant under any circumstances. (b) If the Participant received payment of an award within six months prior to the date that the Company discovered that the Participant engaged in any action described in (c) below the Participant, upon written notice from the Company, shall immediately repay to the Company in cash the amount of such award (including any amounts withheld pursuant to Paragraph 8). 2 (c) The consequences described in (a) and (b) shall apply if the Participant, either before or after termination of employment with the Company or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates: (i) discloses to others, or takes or uses for his or her own purpose or the purpose of others, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge, data or know-how belonging to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of his or her employment, whether or not they are the Participant's work product. Examples of such confidential information or trade secrets include (but are not limited to) customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost data, computer programs, delivery routes, advertising plans, wage and salary data, financial information, research and development plans, processes, equipment, product information and all other types and categories of information as to which the Participant knows or has reason to know that the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates intends or expects secrecy to be maintained; (ii) fails to promptly return all documents and other tangible items belonging to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates in the Participant's possession or control, including all complete or partial copies recordings, abstracts, notes or reproductions of any kind made from or about such documents or information contained therein, upon termination of employment, whether pursuant to retirement or otherwise; (iii) fails to provide the Company with at least thirty (30) days' written notice prior to directly or indirectly engaging in, becoming employed by, or rendering services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. As used herein, "business in competition" means any person, organization or enterprise which is engaged in or is about to become engaged in any line of business engaged in by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates at the time of the termination of the Participant's employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates; (iv) fails to inform any new employer, before accepting employment, of the terms of this paragraph 5 an of the Participant's continuing obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the trade secrets and other confidential information belonging to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of his or her employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates; (v) induces or attempts to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the customers of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates, employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue or cease working with or for the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or to breach any contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with the Participant or any third party; (vi) engages in conduct which is not in good faith and which disrupts, damages, impairs or interferes with the business, reputation or employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates; OR (vii) Directly or indirectly engages in, becomes employed by, or renders services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Company or its affiliates, at any time during the twelve months following termination of employment with the Company. 3 The Committee shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Participant has engaged in any of the acts set forth in (i) through (vii) above, and its determination shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. Any provision of this paragraph 5 which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable should be construed or limited in a manner that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the business objectives intended by such invalid or unenforceable provision, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions of this paragraph 5. 6. CHANGE IN CONTROL. The statement of terms and conditions adopted pursuant to the Plan shall prescribe rules for the acceleration of awards in the event of a "Change in Control" of the Company. For this purpose, a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the events set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall occur: (a) Any "person" (as such term is used in section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act")), excluding the Company or any of its affiliates, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its affiliates, and underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offer of such securities or a company owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then-outstanding securities; or (b) During any period of not more than two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clause (a), (c) or (d) of this paragraph) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (c) The stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with another company, other than (i) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merge or consolidation, or (ii) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a 4 recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; or (d) The stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the holders of the stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. 7. TRANSFERABILITY. Awards made pursuant to the Plan are not transferable or assignable by the Participant other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and payment thereunder during the Participant's lifetime shall be made only to the Participant or to the guardian or legal representative of the Participant. Payments which are due to a deceased Participant pursuant to the Plan shall be paid to the person or persons to whom such right to payment shall have been transferred by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 8. WITHHOLDING TAXES. Whenever the payment of an award is made, such payment shall be net of an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state and local withholding tax requirements and authorized deductions. 9. FUNDING. No provision of the Plan, or regulations adopted hereunder, shall require the Company, for the purpose of satisfying any obligations under the Plan, to purchase assets or segregate or place any assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are made. 10. AMENDMENT. The Plan may be amended or revised by the Board of Directors of the Company at any time and for any reason. 11. TERMINATION. The Plan may be terminated at any time and for any reason by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors in office; provided, however, that such termination shall not affect any incentive award which shall have been granted prior to such termination. 5 12. GOVERNING LAW. The validity, construction and effect of the Plan and any such actions taken under or relating to the Plan shall be determined in accordance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, ("ERISA") and the laws of the State of California to the extent the latter is not preempted by ERISA. 13. NOTICES. All notices under this Plan shall be sent in writing to the Secretary of the Company. All correspondence to a Participant shall be sent in writing to the Participant at the address which is his or her recorded address as listed on the most recent election form or as specified in the Company's records. 14. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of the Plan shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereunder shall continue to be effective. 15. SUCCESSOR OF THE COMPANY. This Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Company. 6
EXHIBIT 10.19 MCKESSON CORPORATION STOCK PURCHASE PLAN (As amended and restated through July 31, 2002) 1. ESTABLISHMENT. There is hereby adopted the Apex Health Distribution Stock Purchase Plan (hereinafter called the "Plan"), subject to approval by holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation. 2. STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN. Rights may be granted under the Plan from time to time to key employees of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries to purchase from the Corporation an aggregate of not more than 2,500,000 shares of Common Stock ($.01 par value) of the Corporation. 3. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN. The Plan shall be administered by a committee (the "Committee") consisting of not less than two directors of the Corporation to be appointed by the Board, each of whom is a "non-employee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. No member of the Committee shall be eligible to receive benefits under the Plan. The Committee may from time to time determine which eligible employees shall be granted rights under the Plan, and the number of shares for which a right shall be granted to the employee. The Committee shall have the sole authority, in its absolute discretion, to adopt, amend, and rescind such rules and regulations as, in its opinion, may be advisable in the administration of the Plan, to construe and interpret the Plan, the rules and regulations, and to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. All decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee shall be final and binding on all grantees and purchasers of stock under the Plan and on other interested parties. 4. ELIGIBILITY. Persons eligible for rights under the Plan are those key employees of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries designated from time to time by the Committee. Members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation who are not employed as regular salaried officers or employees of the Corporation or of any Subsidiary of the Corporation may not participate in the Plan. 5. EXERCISE PRICE. The exercise price of the stock covered by each right shall not be less than fair market value of such stock on the date the right is exercised, which shall be the closing sale price on such day on the New York Stock Exchange. 6. RIGHT TERMS AND CONDITIONS; EXTENSION OF CREDIT BY THE CORPORATION. The term of each right shall be for such period not in excess of thirty days as the Committee may determine. Purchases shall be evidenced by a written Stock Purchase Agreement which may provide for the payment of the purchase price (i) by a payment in cash or (ii) entirely by a promissory note payable on such repayment schedule as the Committee may determine or (iii) by any combination of (i) and (ii). The Stock Purchase Agreement may contain such other terms, provisions, and conditions as are determined by the Committee. Stock purchased by an employee under the Plan shall be pledged to the Corporation as collateral for the purchase loan terms and conditions set forth in the Stock Purchase Agreement. 7. VOTING, DIVIDEND RIGHTS, ETC. Shares purchased by employees under the plan shall be fully paid and non-assessable and be entitled to voting, dividend and other rights. 8. AMENDMENT, SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF THE PLAN. The Board of Directors may at any time suspend or terminate this Plan, and may amend it from time to time in such respects as it may deem advisable.
EXHIBIT 10.23 Apex Health Distribution 2000 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN (AS AMENDED THROUGH JULY 31, 2002) 1. [COMPANY] 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Plan") is intended to encourage the employees of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries to acquire a proprietary interest, or to increase their existing proprietary interest, in the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") believes that employee ownership of the Company's stock will serve as an incentive, encouraging employees to continue their employment and to perform diligently their duties as employees. The Plan is intended to qualify as an "employee stock purchase plan" within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and which does not so qualify for eligible employees of other entities which are designated to participate in the Plan by the Company. 2. [COMPANY] will reserve 11,100,000 (which number has been adjusted to reflect the 2:1 stock split effected by the former HBO & Company on May 27, 1998, and the Exchange Ratio as defined in the Merger Agreement) shares of the Company's common stock, $.01 par value per share ("Stock"), for purchase by employees under the Plan. The number of shares of Stock reserved for the Plan may further be adjusted as provided in Section 16. The shares of Stock reserved for the Plan may be shares now or hereafter authorized but unissued, shares that have been reacquired by the Company, or shares of treasury stock. 3. ADMINISTRATION The Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the "Committee"), consisting of members of the Board designated by the Board. The Board from time to time may remove members from, or add members to, the Committee. Vacancies on the Committee will be filled by the Board. Subject to the express provisions of the Plan, the Committee will have authority to interpret the Plan, to prescribe rules and regulations for administering the Plan, and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable in administering the Plan. The determinations of the Committee will be final and binding upon all persons, unless otherwise determined by the Board. A majority of the members of the Committee will constitute a quorum, and the Committee may act by vote of a majority of its members at a meeting at which a quorum is present, or without a meeting by a written consent signed by all members of the Committee. To the extent consistent with applicable law, the Committee may delegate its duties hereunder to a sub-committee, whose members need not be members of the Board. 4. ELIGIBILITY (a) Eligible Employees. Except as set forth in subsections (b) and (c) below, all employees of the Company, and all employees of any parent corporation, as defined in Code Section 424(e) (a "Parent") or any subsidiary corporation as defined in Code Section 424(f) (a "Subsidiary") of the Company that is designated by the Board as a participating Parent or Subsidiary, will be eligible to participate in the Plan. In addition, the Board may designate as a subsidiary any other entity controlled directly or indirectly by the Company which does not qualify as a subsidiary corporation as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code and the employees of that Subsidiary shall be eligible to participate in the Plan although the Plan will not qualify as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Code as to those employees. Such employees are referred to herein as "Employees." No person who is not an Employee will be eligible to participate in the Plan. (b) Excluded Employees. The following Employees will not be eligible to participate in the Plan: (i) any Employee whose customary employment is less than 20 hours per week or for not more than 5 months in any calendar year; and (ii) any Employee who, immediately after a right to purchase Stock is granted hereunder, would own shares of Stock, or of the stock of a Subsidiary, possessing 5 percent or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of such stock. In determining whether an Employee owns 5 percent of such shares, (A) the attribution of ownership rules of Code Section 424(d) will apply, and (B) an Employee will be deemed to own the shares of stock underlying any outstanding option which he has been granted (whether under the Plan or any other plan or arrangement); and (iii) effective for the first Purchase Period commencing after September 30, 1999 and for any subsequent Purchase Period, any Employee who as of the first day of any such Purchase Period has not completed a period of employment of at least 30 days. 5. OFFERING DATES The Plan will be implemented by a continuous series of 24-month offerings beginning on the first trading day on or after May 1 and November 1 of each calendar year and terminating on the last trading day of the month which is 24 months later (the "Offering Periods") and six-month periods commencing on each May 1 and November 1 and ending on the following October 31 and April 30, during which contributions may be made toward the purchase of Stock under the Plan (the "Accumulation Periods"). For purposes of calculating the purchase price under Section 9, the applicable Offering Period shall be determined as follows: (i) Once a Participant is enrolled in the Plan for an Offering Period, such Offering Period shall continue to apply to the Participant until the earliest of (A) the end of such Offering Period, (B) the date the Participant elects to discontinue contributions to the Plan and receive a distribution of his Cash Account, or (C) re-enrollment in a subsequent Offering Period under paragraph (ii) below. (ii) In the event that the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the last trading day before the commencement of the Offering Period in which the Participant is enrolled is higher than on the last trading day before the commencement of any subsequent Offering Period, the first Offering Period shall be canceled and the Participant shall automatically be re-enrolled for such subsequent Offering Period. 6. ELECTION TO PARTICIPATE (a) Initial Election. Each Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan may become a participant (a "Participant") by making an election, prior to any Offering Date and in accordance with procedures established by the Committee, authorizing specified regular payroll deductions over the next succeeding Purchase Period (an "Election Form"). Each election will be expressed as a percentage of the Employee's Compensation (as defined below), which may not exceed 15 percent of the Employee's Compensation for any payroll period or be less than 1 percent of the Employee's Compensation for any payroll period (or such other maximum and minimum percentages as the Committee may determine). An Employee's "Compensation" is his "compensation" as that term is defined in the Apex Health Distribution Profit-Sharing Investment Plan. Payroll deductions for a Participant will be made regularly and in equal amounts during the Purchase Period by the Company, and will be credited to a bookkeeping account established by the Company in the name of the Participant (the "Cash Account"). No interest will be paid on or credited to Cash Accounts. (b) Changes in Rate of Payroll Deductions. A Participant may change the amount of payroll deductions elected for a Purchase Period by providing notice in accordance with procedures established by the Committee. (c) Discontinuance of Contributions. At any time during a Purchase Period, (but not later than five business days prior to the Purchase Date), a Participant may discontinue participation in the Plan for the current Purchase Period by providing notice in accordance with procedures established by the Committee. Upon such discontinuance, at the Participant's election, the balance of his Cash Account will be (i) returned to the Participant as soon as practicable, or (ii) held in the Cash Account until the end of the Purchase Period and applied to purchase Stock in accordance with Section 10. A Participant who discontinues payroll deductions may recommence his participation in the Plan as of the Offering Date for any other succeeding Purchase Period, provided he otherwise is eligible to participate and timely files a new Election Form with the Committee. 7. PURCHASE PERIOD LIMITATION ON RIGHTS TO PURCHASE STOCK (a) In General. Subject to the annual limitations in Section 8 below, the maximum number of shares of Stock each Participant will have the right to purchase under the Plan during a Purchase Period is determined by dividing (i) $12,500 by (ii) the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock on the Offering Date for such Purchase Period. (b) Insufficient Shares of Stock. If at any time the number of shares of Stock available for purchase under the Plan is insufficient to grant to each Participant the right to purchase the full number of shares to which he otherwise would be entitled, then each Participant will have the right to purchase that number of available shares of Stock that is equal to the total number of available shares of Stock multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of Compensation credited to the Participant's Cash Account for the Purchase Period, and the denominator of which is the total amount of Compensation credited to the Cash Accounts of all Participants for the Purchase Period. 8. ANNUAL LIMITATION ON RIGHTS TO PURCHASE STOCK No right to purchase shares of Stock under the Plan will be granted to an Employee if such right, when combined with all other rights and options granted under all of the Code Section 423 employee stock purchase plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary would permit the Employee to purchase shares of Stock with a Fair Market Value (determined at the time the right or option is granted) in excess of $25,000 for each calendar year in which the right or option is outstanding at any time, determined in accordance with Code Section 423(b)(8). 9. PURCHASE PRICE (a) In General. The purchase price of each share of Stock purchased at the close of an Accumulation Period will be the lower of (i) 85 percent of the Fair Market Value of the such share on the last trading day of such Accumulation Period, or (ii) 85 percent of the Fair Market Value of such share on the first day of the applicable Offering Period (as determined under Section 5). (b) Fair Market Value. The Fair Market Value of the Stock, as of any date, will be equal to the closing price of the Stock on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"), for such date as reported in The Wall Street Journal. If no transaction is reported for a particular date, Fair Market Value will be the closing price on the closest preceding date for which any transaction is reported. If the Stock is not traded on the NYSE, Fair Market Value will be determined using the method established by the Committee. 10. PURCHASE OF STOCK Subject to the share limitations set forth in Sections 7 and 8 above, as of each Purchase Date, the Committee will purchase from the Company using the funds in each Cash Account on such date, on behalf of each Participant having funds in his Cash Account, the number of whole and fractional shares of Stock determined by dividing the amount in such Cash Account on such date by the purchase price determined under Section 9. 11. STOCK ACCOUNTS (a) Establishment of Accounts. As soon as reasonably practicable after each Purchase Date, the Company will deliver to a custodian selected by the Committee (the "Custodian"), in electronic form, the total number of shares purchased by all Participants in the Purchase Period. The Custodian will maintain a separate "Stock Account" for each Participant, which will be credited with the number of whole and fractional shares of Stock purchased by the Participant under the Plan. (b) Withdrawals from Stock Accounts. A Participant may at any time withdraw any whole shares of Stock credited to his Stock Account as to which the holding period requirements of Code Section 423(a)(1) have been satisfied. As soon as practicable after such request by a Participant, the Custodian will cause such whole shares to be transferred in electronic form to a broker designated by the Participant or will cause a certificate representing such Shares to be delivered to the Participant. (c) Rights as Shareholders. A Participant will have all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to all of the shares of Stock credited to his Stock Account, including the right to vote and receive dividends on such Shares. 12. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT (a) Termination Other Than Due to Death, Disability or Retirement. If a Participant terminates employment with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary during a Purchase Period for any reason other than death, disability, or Retirement, then the Participant's participation in the Plan will immediately terminate and the balance of the Participant's Cash Account will be returned to the Participant. For purposes of the Plan, a Participant who is on an approved leave of absence will not be considered to have terminated employment until the 91st day of such leave of absence or such longer period as the Participant's right to re-employment is guaranteed by law or contract. (b) Termination Due to Death. If a Participant terminates employment with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary during a Purchase Period due to death, then, at the election of the Participant's beneficiary, the balance of the Participant's Cash Account will be (i) delivered to the beneficiary or (ii) held in the Cash Account until the end of the Purchase Period and applied to purchase Stock in accordance with Section 10. (c) Termination Due to Disability or Retirement. If a Participant terminates employment with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary due to Retirement or disability no more than 3 months before the Purchase Date for a Purchase Period, then, at the Participant's election, the balance of the Participant's Cash Account will be (i) returned to the Participant, or (ii) held in the Cash Account until the end of the Purchase Period and applied to purchase Stock in accordance with Section 10. If a Participant terminates employment due to Retirement or disability more than 3 months before the Purchase Date for a Purchase Period, then the Participant's participation in the Plan will immediately terminate and the balance of the Participant's Cash Account will be returned to the Participant. (d) Definition of Retirement. For purposes of the Plan, Retirement will mean the attainment by a Participant of age plus whole years of service with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary totaling 65 or more. 13. BENEFICIARY In the event of the Participant's death, his beneficiary shall be his surviving spouse, or if there is none, his surviving children in equal shares, or if there are none, his estate. 14. COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITIES LAW All shares of Stock issued under the Plan will be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under any applicable federal or state securities laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends making reference to such restrictions to be placed on the certificates representing such shares. 15. RIGHTS NOT TRANSFERABLE Neither payroll deductions credited to a Participant's account nor any rights under the Plan may be assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of in any way by the Participant (other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or as provided in Section 13 hereof). Rights under the Plan are exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. 16. ADJUSTMENT IN CASE OF CHANGES AFFECTING THE COMPANY'S STOCK (a) In General. In the event of a subdivision or consolidation of outstanding shares of Stock, the payment of a stock dividend thereon, stock split, reverse stock split, or in the event of any "corporate transaction" as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.425-1(a)(1)(ii) (now relating to Code Section 424), the number of shares reserved or authorized to be reserved under the Plan, the number and price of such shares subject to purchase pursuant to rights outstanding hereunder, the maximum number of shares each Participant may purchase during each Purchase Period (pursuant to Section 7) or during each calendar year (pursuant to Section 8), and the number of shares credited to Participants' Stock Accounts, will be adjusted in such manner as may be deemed necessary or equitable by the Board to give proper effect to such event, subject to the limitations of Code Section 424. (b) Effect of Merger. Following consummation of the Merger, outstanding purchase rights of HBO & Company employees under the Plan remained in effect and were assumed by the Company, with appropriate changes to reflect the issuance of shares of Stock. 17. FOREIGN EMPLOYEES The Committee may provide for such special terms for Participants who are foreign nationals, or who are employed by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary outside of the United States of America, as the Committee may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax policy or custom. Moreover, the Committee may approve such supplements to or amendments, restatements, or alternative versions of, this Plan as it may consider necessary or appropriate for such purposes without thereby affecting the terms of this Plan as in effect for any other purpose; provided, however, that no such supplements, amendments, restatements or alternative versions will include any provisions that are inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as then in effect, unless this Plan could have been amended to eliminate such inconsistency without further approval by the shareholders of the Company, or which would cause the Plan to fail to meet the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. 18. AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN The Board may amend the Plan in any respect; provided, however, that, any amendment (i) increasing the number of shares of Stock reserved under the Plan (other than as provided in Section 16), or (ii) any change in the designation of corporations whose employees may be eligible to participate in the Plan, other than a corporation who is a Parent or a Subsidiary, must be approved, within 12 months of the adoption of such an amendment, by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Stock. 19. TERMINATION OF THE PLAN The Plan and all rights of Employees hereunder will terminate: (a) as of the Purchase Date on which Participants purchase a number of shares of Stock that substantially exhausts the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan, to such an extent that the Committee determines that no subsequent offerings are practicable; or (b) at any time upon action of the Board; provided, however, that if the Plan is terminated during any Purchase Period, any amounts in a Participant's Cash Account will be returned to the Participant. 20. EFFECTIVE DATE This Amendment and Restatement will become effective as of May 1, 2000. For Offering Periods prior to May 1, 2000 the terms of the Plan as in effect from time to time are applicable. 21. GOVERNMENT AND OTHER REGULATIONS (a) In General. The Plan, and the grant and exercise of the rights to purchase shares of Stock hereunder, and the Company's obligation to sell and deliver shares of Stock, will be subject to all applicable federal, state and foreign laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any regulatory or government agency as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, be required. (b) Withholding Obligations. Each Participant will, no later than the date as of which the value of any purchase right granted under the Plan first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company, regarding payment of any federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to such purchase right. The obligations of the Company under the Plan will be conditional on the making of such payments or arrangements and the Company will, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant. 22. INDEMNIFICATION OF COMMITTEE In addition to such other rights of indemnification as they have as directors or as members of the Committee, the members of the Committee will be indemnified by the Company against reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees) actually and necessarily incurred in connection with the defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal, to which they or any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection with the Plan or any right granted hereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement is approved to the extent required by and in the manner provided by the Bylaws of the Company relating to indemnification of directors) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding, except in relation to matters as to which it will be adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding that such Committee member did not act in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company.
EXHIBIT 10.30 EXECUTION COPY FIFTH AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT ("Amendment"), dated as of June 14, 2002, is among [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation ("Seller"), Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (formerly known as Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., the "Servicer"; the Servicer together with the Seller, the "Seller Parties" and each a "Seller Party"), the funding entities parties hereto (the "Financial Institutions"), [COMPANY] ("PREFCO"), [COMPANY] ("Falcon"), [COMPANY] ("Blue Ridge") and [COMPANY]. ("Liberty Street") (PREFCO, Falcon, Blue Ridge and Liberty Street being referred to collectively as the "Conduits", and together with the Financial Institutions, the "Purchasers"), Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago, "Bank One"), Wachovia Bank, National Association (successor to Wachovia Bank, N.A.), and The Bank of Nova Scotia (collectively, the "Managing Agents") and Bank One, as the collateral agent (the "Collateral Agent"). Defined terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the "Receivables Purchase Agreement" (as hereinafter defined). WHEREAS, the Seller, the Servicer, the Financial Institutions, the Conduits, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent are parties to the Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999, as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated as of September 29, 1999, the Second Amendment thereto dated as of December 6, 1999, the Third Amendment and Waiver thereto dated as of June 16, 2000 and the Fourth Amendment thereto dated as of June 15, 2001 (the "Receivables Purchase Agreement"); and WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the Receivables Purchase Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. Effective as of the date first above written and subject to the execution of this Amendment by the parties hereto and the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 below, the Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be and hereby is amended as follows: The definition of "Liquidity Termination Date" in Exhibit I of the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to delete the words "June 14, 2002" and to substitute therefor the words "June 13, 2003". 2. Conditions Precedent. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date above written if and only if the Managing Agents have received duly executed originals of this Amendment from each of the parties listed on the signature pages hereto. 3. Representations and Warranties of the Seller Parties. Each of the Seller Parties hereby represents and warrants as follows: a. This Amendment and the Receivables Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Seller Party and are enforceable against such Seller Party in accordance with their terms. b. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each Seller Party hereby reaffirms all representations and warranties made in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and to the extent the same are not amended hereby, agrees that all such representations and warranties shall be deemed to have been remade as of the date of delivery of this Amendment, unless and to the extent that any such representation and warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. 4. Reference to and Effect on the Receivables Purchase Agreement. a. Upon the effectiveness of Section 1 hereof, on and after the date hereof, each reference in the Receivables Purchase Agreement to "this Receivables Purchase Agreement," "hereunder," "hereof," "herein" or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Receivables Purchase Agreement as amended hereby. b. The Receivables Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. c. Except as expressly provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Managing Agents, the Financial Institutions or the Collateral Agent, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith. 5. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws (as opposed to the conflict of law provisions) of the State of New York. 6. Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 7. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to the Amendment on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 2 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on the date first above written. CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, as the Seller By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Apex Health Distribution (formerly known as Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc.), as the Servicer By:__________________________________ Name: Title: PREFERRED RECEIVABLES FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Authorized Signatory FALCON ASSET SECURITIZATION CORPORATION, as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Authorized Signatory BLUE RIDGE ASSET FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By: Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Attorney-In-Fact By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Apex Health Distribution RPA LIBERTY STREET FUNDING CORP., as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Name: Title: BANK ONE, NA (Main Office Chicago) (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago), as a Committed Purchaser for PREFCO and Falcon, a Financial Institution, a Managing Agent and as Collateral Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Elizabeth Cohen Title: Vice President WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (successor to Wachovia Bank, N.A.), as a Committed Purchaser for Blue Ridge, a Financial Institution and a Managing Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Title: THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Committed Purchaser for Liberty Street, a Financial Institution and a Managing Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Apex Health Distribution RPA
EXHIBIT 10.31 EXECUTION COPY SIXTH AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT ("Amendment"), dated as of December 4, 2002, is among [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation ("Seller"), Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (formerly known as Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., the "Servicer"; the Servicer together with the Seller, the "Seller Parties" and each a "Seller Party"), the funding entities parties hereto (the "Financial Institutions"), [COMPANY] ("PREFCO"), [COMPANY] ("Falcon"), [COMPANY] ("Blue Ridge") and [COMPANY]. ("Liberty Street") (PREFCO, Falcon, Blue Ridge and Liberty Street being referred to collectively as the "Conduits", and together with the Financial Institutions, the "Purchasers"), Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago, "Bank One"), Wachovia Bank, National Association (successor to Wachovia Bank, N.A.), and The Bank of Nova Scotia (collectively, the "Managing Agents") and Bank One, as the collateral agent (the "Collateral Agent"). Defined terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the "Receivables Purchase Agreement" (as hereinafter defined). WHEREAS, the Seller, the Servicer, the Financial Institutions, the Conduits, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent are parties to the Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999, as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated as of September 29, 1999, the Second Amendment thereto dated as of December 6, 1999, the Third Amendment and Waiver thereto dated as of June 16, 2000, the Fourth Amendment thereto dated as of June 15, 2001 and the Fifth Amendment thereto dated as of June 14, 2002 (the "Receivables Purchase Agreement"); and WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the Receivables Purchase Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. Effective as of the date first above written and subject to the execution of this Amendment by the parties hereto and the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 below, the Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be and hereby is amended as follows: 1.1. Each reference in the Receivables Purchase Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules thereto) to "Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc." shall be replaced with a reference to "Apex Health Distribution (formerly known as Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc.)". 1.2. Section 1.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement is amended to delete the reference to "Adjusted Pro Rata Share" therein and to substitute the words "Pro Rata Share" therefor. 1.3. The definition of "Adjusted Pro Rata Share" in Exhibit I to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 1.4. The definition of "Authorized Officer" in Exhibit I to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby restated in its entirety as follows: "Authorized Officer" shall mean, with respect to any Seller Party, its respective corporate controller, treasurer, assistant treasurer, vice president-finance or chief financial officer and, in addition, in the case of the Seller, its president so long as the president retains the duties of a financial officer of the Seller. 1.5. The definition of "Delinquency Ratio" in Exhibit I to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby restated in its entirety as follows: "Delinquency Ratio" means, as of the last day of any Collection Period, a fraction (calculated as a percentage) equal to (i) the sum of (x) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables that were Delinquent Receivables plus (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables which, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, were or should have been written off the Seller's books as uncollectible, in each case, at such time and as of the last day of the two (2) preceding Collection Periods by (ii) the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables as of the last day of each of such three (3) Collection Periods. 1.6. The definition of "Managing Agent Percentage" in Exhibit I to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby restated in its entirety as follows: "Managing Agent Percentage" means, (a) with respect to Bank One, a fraction (expressed as a percentage) equal to 10/19, (b) with respect to Wachovia, a fraction (expressed as a percentage) equal to 5/19 and (c) with respect to Scotia, a fraction (expressed as a percentage) equal to 4/19. 1.7. The definition of "Pro Rata Share" in Exhibit I to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby restated in its entirety as follows: "Pro Rata Share" means, for each Financial Institution or Conduit, as applicable, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), the numerator of which is the Capital associated with such Financial Institution or Conduit and the denominator of which is the [COMPANY]; provided, however, that: (a) solely with respect to each reference to "Pro Rata Share" in Section 1.2, until such time as the foregoing fraction equals (i) 5/19 for PREFCO and its related Financial Institutions, (ii) 5/19 for Falcon and its related financial institutions, (iii) 5/19 for Blue Ridge and its related Financial Institutions and (iv) 4/19 for Liberty Street and its related Financial 2 Institutions, (x) the Pro Rata Share for each of Blue Ridge and Liberty Street and their related Financial Institutions shall be 0%, (y) the Pro Rata Share for PREFCO and its related Financial Institutions shall be 50%, and (z) the Pro Rata Share for Falcon and its related Financial Institutions shall be 50%; and (b) solely with respect to the reference to "Pro Rata Share" in Section 1.3, until such time as the foregoing fraction equals (i) 5/19 for PREFCO and its related Financial Institutions, (ii) 5/19 for Falcon and its related financial institutions, (iii) 5/19 for Blue Ridge and its related Financial Institutions and (iv) 4/19 for Liberty Street and its related Financial Institutions, (x) the Pro Rata Share for each of PREFCO and Falcon and their related Financial Institutions shall be 0%, (y) the Pro Rata Share for Blue Ridge and its related Financial Institutions shall be 50%, and (z) the Pro Rata Share for Liberty Street and its related Financial Institutions shall be 50%. 1.8. The definition of "Purchase Limit" in Exhibit I to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to delete the reference therein to "$850,000,000" and to substitute therefor "$950,000,000". 1.9. The definition of "Special Concentration Limit" in Exhibit I of the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to restate solely that portion of the ratings chart for Special Obligors with short-term debt ratings from S&P that are lower than A-2 or unrated and ratings from Moody's that are lower than P-2 or unrated as follows: Maximum Dollar S&P Rating Moody's Rating Percentage Amount ---------- ---------------- ---------- ----------- lower than A-2 or and lower than P-2 or 3.5% $84,000,000 unrated unrated 1.10. Schedule A to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby restated in its entirety in the form of the Restated Schedule A attached hereto. 2. Conditions Precedent. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date above written if and only if the Managing Agents have received duly executed signature pages of this Amendment from each of the parties listed on the signature pages hereto. 3. Representations and Warranties of the Seller Parties. Each of the Seller Parties hereby represents and warrants as follows: a. This Amendment and the Receivables Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Seller Party and are enforceable against such Seller Party in accordance with their terms. 3 b. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each Seller Party hereby reaffirms all representations and warranties made in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and to the extent the same are not amended hereby, agrees that all such representations and warranties shall be deemed to have been remade as of the date of delivery of this Amendment, unless and to the extent that any such representation and warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. 4. Reference to and Effect on the Receivables Purchase Agreement. a. Upon the effectiveness of Section 1 hereof, on and after the date hereof, each reference in the Receivables Purchase Agreement to "this Receivables Purchase Agreement," "hereunder," "hereof," "herein" or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Receivables Purchase Agreement as amended hereby. b. The Receivables Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. c. Except as expressly provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Managing Agents, the Financial Institutions or the Collateral Agent, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith. 5. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws (as opposed to the conflict of law provisions) of the State of New York. 6. Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 7. Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to the Amendment on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A facsimile signature page hereto sent to the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Managing Agents) or the Collateral Agent's counsel shall be effective as a counterpart signature provided each party executing such a facsimile counterpart agrees to deliver originals to the Collateral Agent (or its counsel) thereof. 4 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on the date first above written. CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, as the Seller By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Apex Health Distribution (formerly known as Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc.), as the Servicer By:__________________________________ Name: Title: PREFERRED RECEIVABLES FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Authorized Signatory FALCON ASSET SECURITIZATION CORPORATION, as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Authorized Signatory BLUE RIDGE ASSET FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By: Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Attorney-In-Fact By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Apex Health Distribution RPA LIBERTY STREET FUNDING CORP., as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Name: Title: BANK ONE, NA (Main Office Chicago) (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago), as a Committed Purchaser for PREFCO and Falcon, a Financial Institution, a Managing Agent and as Collateral Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Title: WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (successor to Wachovia Bank, N.A.), as a Committed Purchaser for Blue Ridge, a Financial Institution and a Managing Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Title: THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Committed Purchaser for Liberty Street, a Financial Institution and a Managing Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Signature Page to Sixth Amendment to Apex Health Distribution RPA RESTATED SCHEDULE A COMMITMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PURCHASE GROUP: PREFCO - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Financial Institution Aggregate Commitment - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank $250,000,000 of Chicago) - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ PURCHASE GROUP: FALCON - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Financial Institution Aggregate Commitment - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank $250,000,000 of Chicago) - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ PURCHASE GROUP: BLUE RIDGE - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Financial Institution Aggregate Commitment - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Bank, N.A. $250,000,000 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ PURCHASE GROUP: LIBERTY STREET - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Financial Institution Aggregate Commitment - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The Bank of Nova Scotia $200,000,000 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT 10.39 EXECUTION VERSION ================================================================================ CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of September 30, 2002 among Apex Health Distribution and McKESSON CANADA CORPORATION, collectively, the Borrowers, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (ACTING THROUGH ITS CANADIAN BRANCH), as Canadian Administrative Agent, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, as Syndication Agent, WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as L/C Issuer and Documentation Agent, BANK ONE, NA, as Documentation Agent, and The Other Lenders [COMPANY], as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager ================================================================================ TABLE OF CONTENTS SECTION PAGE ------- ---- Article I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS.............................................................. 1 1.01 Defined Terms................................................................................. 1 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions................................................................. 20 1.03 Accounting Terms.............................................................................. 21 1.04 Rounding...................................................................................... 21 1.05 References to Agreements and Laws............................................................. 21 1.06 Times of Day.................................................................................. 22 1.07 Letter of Credit Amounts...................................................................... 22 Article II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS......................................................... 22 2.01 Committed Loans............................................................................... 22 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans.................................. 24 2.03 Letters of Credit............................................................................. 26 2.05 Prepayments................................................................................... 39 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments....................................................... 40 2.07 Repayment of Loans............................................................................ 41 2.08 Interest...................................................................................... 41 2.09 Fees.......................................................................................... 42 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees.............................................................. 42 2.11 Evidence of Debt.............................................................................. 43 2.12 Payments Generally............................................................................ 43 2.13 Sharing of Payments........................................................................... 45 2.14 Currency Exchange Fluctuations................................................................ 46 2.15 Increase in Commitments....................................................................... 46 2.16 Utilization of Commitments in Canadian Dollars................................................ 47 Article III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY........................................................ 48 3.01 Taxes......................................................................................... 48 3.02 Illegality.................................................................................... 49 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates.................................................................. 49 3.04 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy........................................... 50 i 3.05 Funding Losses................................................................................ 50 3.06 Matters Applicable to all Requests for Compensation........................................... 51 3.07 Survival...................................................................................... 51 Article IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS..................................................... 51 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension........................................................ 51 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions........................................................... 53 Article V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................................................ 54 5.01 Corporate Existence and Power................................................................. 54 5.02 Corporate Authorization; No Contravention..................................................... 55 5.03 Governmental Authorization.................................................................... 55 5.04 Binding Effect................................................................................ 55 5.05 Litigation.................................................................................... 55 5.06 No Default.................................................................................... 56 5.07 Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations........................................................... 56 5.08 Financial Condition........................................................................... 56 5.09 Regulated Entities............................................................................ 56 5.10 No Burdensome Restrictions.................................................................... 56 5.11 Subsidiaries and Certain Liens As of the Closing Date......................................... 57 5.12 Disclosed Matters............................................................................. 57 Article VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS......................................................................... 57 6.01 Financial Statements.......................................................................... 57 6.02 Certificates; Other Information............................................................... 58 6.03 Notices....................................................................................... 58 6.04 Preservation of Existence, Etc................................................................ 59 6.05 Maintenance of Insurance...................................................................... 60 6.06 Payment of Taxes.............................................................................. 60 6.07 Compliance with Laws.......................................................................... 60 6.08 Books and Records............................................................................. 60 6.09 Inspection Rights............................................................................. 60 6.10 Use of Proceeds............................................................................... 60 Article VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS............................................................................ 61 7.01 Liens......................................................................................... 61 7.02 Consolidations and Mergers.................................................................... 62 ii 7.03 Use of Proceeds............................................................................... 62 7.04 Maximum Debt to Capitalization Ratio.......................................................... 62 7.05 Swap Contracts................................................................................ 63 Article VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES................................................................ 63 8.01 Events of Default............................................................................. 63 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default................................................................ 64 8.03 Application of Funds.......................................................................... 65 Article IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT.......................................................................... 66 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agents....................................................... 66 9.02 Delegation of Duties.......................................................................... 67 9.03 Liability of Agents........................................................................... 67 9.04 Reliance by Agents............................................................................ 67 9.05 Notice of Default............................................................................. 68 9.06 Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by Agents.......................................... 68 9.07 Indemnification of Agents..................................................................... 68 9.08 Agents in Their Individual Capacities......................................................... 69 9.09 Successor Agents.............................................................................. 69 9.10 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim................................................. 70 9.11 Other Agents; Arrangers and Managers.......................................................... 70 Article X. THE COMPANY'S GUARANTY OF MCKESSON CANADA'S OBLIGATIONS....................................... 71 10.01 Guaranty of the Guarantied Obligations........................................................ 71 10.02 Liability of the Company Absolute............................................................. 71 10.03 Waivers by the Company........................................................................ 73 10.04 Payment by the Company; Application of Payments............................................... 74 10.05 Guarantor's Rights of Subrogation, Contribution, Etc.......................................... 75 10.06 Subordination of Other Obligations............................................................ 75 10.07 Real Property Security........................................................................ 75 10.08 Expenses...................................................................................... 76 10.09 Continuing Guaranty; Termination of Guaranty.................................................. 76 10.10 Authority of the Company or Apex Health Distribution Canada................................................... 76 10.11 Financial Condition of Apex Health Distribution Canada........................................................ 76 10.12 Rights Cumulative............................................................................. 76 iii 10.13 Bankruptcy; Post-Petition Interest; Reinstatement of Guaranty................................. 77 Article XI. MISCELLANEOUS................................................................................. 77 11.01 Amendments, Etc............................................................................... 77 11.02 Notices and [COMPANY]; Facsimile Copies............................................ 79 11.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies................................................................ 80 11.04 Attorney Costs, Expenses and Taxes............................................................ 80 11.05 Indemnification by the Borrowers.............................................................. 80 11.06 Payments Set Aside............................................................................ 81 11.07 Successors and Assigns........................................................................ 82 11.08 Confidentiality............................................................................... 85 11.09 Set-off....................................................................................... 86 11.10 Interest Rate Limitation...................................................................... 86 11.11 Counterparts.................................................................................. 87 11.12 Integration................................................................................... 87 11.13 Survival of Representations and Warranties.................................................... 87 11.14 Severability.................................................................................. 87 11.15 Tax Forms..................................................................................... 87 11.16 Replacement of Lenders........................................................................ 89 11.17 Governing Law................................................................................. 90 11.18 Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury.............................................................. 90 11.19 Judgment...................................................................................... 91 iv SCHEDULES 1.01 Existing Letters of Credit 2.01 Commitments and Pro Rata Shares 5.11 Subsidiaries and Indebtedness Secured by Liens 11.02 Administrative Agent's Office, Certain Addresses for Notices EXHIBITS FORM OF A Committed Loan Notice B-1 Note (Apex Health Distribution) B-2 Note ([COMPANY]) C Opinion Matters D Compliance Certificate E Assignment and Assumption F Drawing Notice v CREDIT AGREEMENT This CREDIT AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into as of September 30, 2002, among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), McKESSON CANADA CORPORATION, an Ontario corporation and indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ("Apex Health Distribution Canada" and, together with the Company, the "Borrowers" and each a "Borrower"), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the "Lenders" and individually, a "Lender"), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (acting through its Canadian branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent with respect to the Canadian Loans and the Bankers' Acceptance Facility (as hereinafter defined), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and WACHOVIA BANK, National Association, as L/C Issuer. The Borrowers have requested that the Lenders provide a revolving credit facility, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1.01 DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: "364-Day Credit Facility" means that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2002, by and among the Company, Bank of America, as administrative agent, and the financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as such agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. "Administrative Agent" means Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. "Acceptance Usage" means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate Face Amount of all completed Bankers' Acceptances which have not been repaid by Apex Health Distribution Canada whether or not due and whether or not held by a Lender. For purposes of this definition, any Bankers' Acceptance that has been prepaid in full shall not be deemed to be outstanding and all Bankers' Acceptances shall be valued in Dollar Equivalents as of the applicable Computation Date. "Administrative Agent's Office" means the Administrative Agent's address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 11.02, or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrowers and the Lenders. "Administrative Questionnaire" means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. "Control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. "Controlling" and "Controlled" have meanings correlative thereto. "Agent-Related Persons" means the Administrative Agent and the Canadian Administrative Agent and any successor agent arising under Section 9.09, together with their respective Affiliates (including, in the case of Bank of America in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, the Arranger), and the officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys-in-fact of such Persons and Affiliates. "Agents" means the Administrative Agent and the Canadian Administrative Agent. "Aggregate Canadian Commitments" means the aggregate Canadian Commitments of all the Lenders, which is an amount equal to $150,000,000 on the Closing Date. The Aggregate Canadian Commitments are a part of, and not an addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. "Aggregate Commitments" means the aggregate Commitments of all the Lenders. "Agreement" means this Credit Agreement. "Applicable Agent" means (1) the Administrative Agent in the case of Domestic Loans and Letters of Credit and (2) the Canadian Administrative Agent in the case of Canadian Loans and in connection with the Bankers' Acceptance Facility. "Applicable Borrower" means (1) the Company in the case of Domestic Loans and Letters of Credit and (2) Apex Health Distribution Canada in the case of Canadian Loans and Bankers' Acceptances. "Applicable Currency" means, as to any particular payment or Loan, Dollars in the case of Domestic Loans and Letters of Credit and Canadian Dollars in the case of Canadian Loans and the Bankers' Acceptance Facility. "Applicable Rate" means, from time to time, the rate, expressed in basis points per annum, corresponding to the applicable Debt Rating as set forth below: 2 EURODOLLAR RATE + ---------- LETTERS BASE RATE/ DEBT RATINGS OF CREDIT/ CANADIAN PRICING S&P/ FACILITY BANKERS' PRIME LEVEL MOODY'S FEE ACCEPTANCES RATE + - --------- ---------------------- ------------ --------------- ------------- 1 A/A2 or higher 10 40 0 2 A-/A3 11 44 0 3 BBB+/Baa1 13 49.5 0 4 BBB/Baa2 15 60 0 5 BBB-/Baa3 20 80 0 6 less than BBB-/Baa3 25 100 0 "Debt Rating" means, as of any date of determination, the ratings as determined by S&P and Moody's (collectively, the "Debt Ratings") of the Company's non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt; provided that, if the Debt Ratings result in two different Pricing Levels, the higher of such Debt Ratings shall apply (with the Debt Rating for Pricing Level 1 being the highest and the Debt Rating for Pricing Level 6 being the lowest), unless there is a split in Debt Ratings of more than one level, in which case the Pricing Level that is one level higher than the Pricing Level of the lower Debt Rating shall apply. Initially, the Applicable Rate shall be determined based upon the Debt Rating specified in the certificate delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(vi). Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Rating shall be effective, in the case of an upgrade, during the period commencing on the date of delivery by the Company to the Administrative Agent of notice thereof pursuant to Section 6.03(e) and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change and, in the case of a downgrade, during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. "Arranger" means Banc of [COMPANY], in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole book manager. "Assignment and Assumption" means an Assignment and Assumption substantially in the form of Exhibit E. "Attorney Costs" means and includes all fees, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external counsel and, without duplication, the allocated cost of internal legal services and all expenses and disbursements of internal counsel; provided that no fees, expenses or disbursements shall qualify as Attorney Costs unless written evidence substantiating such fees, expenses and disbursements is available to the Company upon request. "Attributable Indebtedness" means, on any date, (a) in respect of any capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease 3 Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. "[COMPANY] Statements" means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. "Availability Period" means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02. "BA Canada" means Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canadian branch), and its successors. "Bank of America" means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. "Bankers' Acceptance" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(a). "Bankers' Acceptance Credit Extension" means, with respect to any Bankers' Acceptance, the acceptance thereof or extension of the Drawing Date thereof or the renewal or increase of the amount thereof. "Bankers' Acceptance Facility" means the facility established by Section 2.04(a). "Base Rate" means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the higher of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1% and (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its "prime rate." The "prime rate" is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America's costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. "Base Rate Committed Loan" means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. "Base Rate Loan" means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. "Beneficiary" means, in relation to a Letter of Credit, from time to time, the initial beneficiary, a transferee beneficiary, a successor beneficiary, a nominated bank, a negotiating bank or a confirming bank with respect to such Letter of Credit, as applicable. "Borrower" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 4 "Borrowing" means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01. "Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, Charlotte, North Carolina or Midland, Kansas, or, in the case of Canadian Loans or in connection with the Bankers' Acceptance Facility, Toronto or Montreal, are authorized or required by law to close and, if such day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. "Canadian Administrative Agent" means BA Canada, in its capacity as the Canadian administrative agent for the Canadian Lenders, and any successor Canadian administrative agent. "Canadian Administrative Agent's Office" means the Canadian Administrative Agent's address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 11.02, or such other address or account as the Canadian Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrowers and Canadian Lenders. "Canadian Commitment" means, as to each Canadian Lender, an aggregate amount equal to the amount set forth opposite its name in the column under the heading "Canadian Commitments" on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. "Canadian Dollars" and "Cdn.$" each means the lawful money of Canada. "Canadian Exposure" means, as to any Canadian Lender (a) prior to the termination of the Canadian Commitment, such Canadian Lender's Canadian Commitment and (b) after the termination of the Canadian Commitment, the Total Canadian Outstandings for such Canadian Lender. "Canadian Lender" means each Canadian bank listed on Schedule 2.01 as a Canadian Lender, and their successors and assigns. "Canadian Loan" means any Loan made to Apex Health Distribution Canada pursuant to Section 2.01(b) denominated in Canadian Dollars which may be a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan. "Canadian Participant" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(b)(ii). "Canadian Participation" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(b)(ii). "Canadian Prime Rate" means, for any day, with respect to any Canadian Loan, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the higher of (a) the rate announced by the Canadian Administrative Agent from time to time as its prime lending rate, as in effect from time to time, and (b) a rate equal to the CDOR that would apply to a one-month Bankers' Acceptance 5 accepted by BA Canada if made on such day plus 0.75% per annum. As to any loan, the Canadian Prime Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer. The Canadian Administrative Agent may make commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above or below the Canadian Prime Rate. Any change in the reference rate announced by the Canadian Administrative Agent shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the announcement of such change. "Canadian Prime Rate Loans" means Canadian Loans bearing interest at rates determined by reference to the Canadian Prime Rate. "Canadian Pro Rata Share" means, as to any Canadian Lender at any time, the percentage equivalent (expressed as a decimal, rounded to the ninth decimal place) at such time of such Canadian Lender's Canadian Exposure divided by the combined Canadian Exposure of all Canadian Lenders (including, in each case, Canadian Exposure of Affiliates of Canadian Lenders). "Canadian Resident" shall mean a Person that is either (i) a resident of Canada for purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) or (ii) the Canadian branch of an authorized foreign bank that will receive all amounts contemplated under this agreement as part of its Canadian banking business for purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada). "Canadian Spot Rate" means the rate quoted by Bank of America as the spot rate for the purchase by Bank of America of such currency with another currency through its FX Trading Office at approximately 8:00 a.m. on the date two Business Days prior to the Computation Date. "Cash Collateralize" has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(g). "CDOR" means, for any day and relative to Bankers' Acceptances having any specified Face Amount and maturity, the average of the annual rates for Bankers' Acceptances having such specified Face Amount and maturity (or a Face Amount and maturity as closely as possible comparable to such specified Face Amount and maturity) of the banks named in Schedule I to the Bank Act (Canada) that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR page as of at 10:00 a.m. on such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, as of 10:00 a.m. on the next preceding Business Day), provided that if such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen CDOR page at such time on such date, CDOR for such date will be the annual rate of interest (rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of 1/100 of 1% calculated) as of 10:00 a.m. on such date on the basis of the discount amount at which the Canadian Administrative Agent is then offering to purchase Bankers' Acceptances accepted by it having a comparable aggregate Face Amount and identical maturity date to the aggregate Face Amount and maturity date of such Bankers' Acceptances. "Clearing House" means The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited, or such alternative clearing house within the meaning of The Depository Bills and Notes Act (Canada). "Closing Date" means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 4.01 (or, in the case of Section 4.01(b), waived by the Person entitled to receive the applicable payment). "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 6 "Commitment" means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans (including, without limitation, any Canadian Commitment of any Canadian Lender to make Canadian Loans or purchase Bankers' Acceptances) to the Borrowers pursuant to Article II and (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The Commitment for any Lender that has an Affiliate is a single value for such Lender and its Affiliate taken together. "Committed Loan" means a Domestic Loan or a Canadian Loan. "Committed Loan Notice" means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A. "Company" has the meaning specified in the introductory clause hereto. "Company Guaranty" means the Company's guaranty of the Obligations of Apex Health Distribution Canada under this agreement, the terms of which guaranty are located in Article X of this Agreement. "Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D. "Computation Date" has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). "Contractual Obligation" means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. "Control" has the meaning specified in the definition of "Affiliate." "Credit Extension" means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing, (b) a Bankers' Acceptance Credit Extension and (c) an L/C Credit Extension. "Debt Rating" has the meaning set forth in the definition of "Applicable Rate." "Debtor Relief Laws" means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada) and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. "Default" means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 7 "Default Rate" means an interest rate equal to (a) the Base Rate plus (b) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (c) 1% per annum; provided, however, that with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 1% per annum, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. "Defaulting Lender" means (i) any Lender that (a) has failed to fund any portion of the Committed Loans or participations in L/C Obligations required to be funded by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, (b) has otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute, or (c) has been deemed insolvent or become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and (ii) any Canadian Lender that has failed to purchase any Draft or Banker's Acceptance. "Disclosed Matters" means (i) those matters described in the Company's press release dated April 28, 1999 (the "Press Release"), (ii) litigation which (A) is related to the matters disclosed in the Press Release and (B) has been disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the Closing Date, and (iii) other matters related to the matters disclosed in the Press Release which have been publicly disclosed by the Company in its filings with the SEC prior to the Closing Date. "Dollar" and "$" mean lawful money of the United States. "Dollar Equivalent" means, at any time, (a) as to any amount denominated in Dollars, the amount thereof at such time, and (b) as to any amount denominated in Canadian Dollars, the equivalent amount in Dollars as determined by the Applicable Agent at such time on the basis of the Canadian Spot Rate for the purchase of Dollars with Canadian Dollars on the most recent Computation Date provided for in Section 2.16(a). "Domestic Lender" means each Lender acting in the capacity of a domestic lender listed on Schedule 2.01 as a Domestic Lender, and their successors and assigns. "Domestic Loan" means any Loan made to the Company pursuant to Section 2.01(a) denominated in Dollars which may be a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a Base Rate Loan. "Draft" means, at any time, a bill of exchange, within the meaning of the Bills of Exchange Act (Canada) drawn by Apex Health Distribution Canada to be accepted by a Canadian Lender (which upon such acceptance will be a Bankers' Acceptance) and bearing such distinguishing letters and numbers as such Canadian Lender may determine, but which at such time, except as otherwise provided herein, has not been accepted by a Canadian Lender. "Drawing" means an acceptance of completed Drafts by a Canadian Lender or by any other Person pursuant to Section 2.04. "Drawing Date" means any Business Day fixed pursuant to Section 2.04(b) for a Drawing. 8 "Drawing Fee" means, with respect to the Drafts issued by Apex Health Distribution Canada hereunder and accepted as provided herein on any Drawing Date, an amount equal to the Drawing Fee Rate multiplied by the aggregate Face Amount of such Drafts, calculated, in each case, on the basis of the term to maturity of such Draft and a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be (rounded to the nearest whole cent, with one-half of one cent being rounded up). "Drawing Fee Rate" means, in calculating the Drawing Fee for any Draft, the Applicable Rate for Bankers' Acceptances. "Drawing Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(b)(i). "Drawing Purchase Price" means, in respect of Drafts to be accepted by a Canadian Lender or any other Person, the difference between (i) the result (rounded to the nearest whole cent, with one-half of one cent being rounded up) obtained by dividing the aggregate Face Amount of such Drafts by the sum of one plus the product of (x) the Effective Discount Rate multiplied by (y) a fraction the numerator of which is the term of maturity of such Drafts and the denominator of which is 365; and (ii) the applicable Drawing Fee. "Effective Discount Rate" means (a) with respect to any Bankers' Acceptance accepted by a Canadian Lender named on Schedule I to the Bank Act (Canada), the rate determined by the Canadian Administrative Agent as being CDOR on the applicable Drawing Date, and (b) with respect to any Bankers' Acceptance accepted by any other Canadian Lender, the lesser of (i) the rate advised by such Canadian Lender to the Canadian Administrative Agent as being the discount rate of such Canadian Lender, calculated on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and determined in accordance with normal market practice, for bankers' acceptances of such Lender having comparable Face Amount and identical maturity date to the Face Amount and maturity date of such Bankers' Acceptance and (ii) the rate determined by the Canadian Administrative Agent in accordance with clause (a) above plus 0.07% per annum. "Eligible Assignee" has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(g). "Environmental Laws" means any and all Federal, state, provincial, municipal, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. "ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). "ERISA Event" means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in 9 Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate. "Eurodollar Base Rate" has the meaning set forth in the definition of Eurodollar Rate. "Eurodollar Rate" means for any Interest Period with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, a rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the following formula: Eurodollar Base Rate Eurodollar Rate = ------------------------------------ 1.00 - Eurodollar Reserve Percentage Where, "Eurodollar Base Rate" means, for such Interest Period: (a) the rate per annum equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on the page of the Telerate screen (or any successor thereto) that displays an average British Bankers Association Interest Settlement Rate for deposits in the Applicable Currency (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, or (b) if the rate referenced in the preceding clause (a) does not appear on such page or service or such page or service shall not be available, the rate per annum equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate on such other page or other service that displays an average British Bankers Association Interest Settlement Rate for deposits in the Applicable Currency (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, or (c) if the rates referenced in the preceding clauses (a) and (b) are not available, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the rate of interest at which deposits in the Applicable Currency for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in same day funds in the approximate amount of the Eurodollar Rate Loan being made, continued or converted by Bank of America and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by Bank of America's London Branch to major 10 banks in the London interbank eurodollar market at their request at approximately 4:00 p.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. "Eurodollar Reserve Percentage" means, for any day during any Interest Period (A) in the case of Domestic Loans, the reserve percentage (expressed as a decimal, carried out to five decimal places) in effect on such day, whether or not applicable to any Domestic Lender, under regulations issued from time to time by the FRB for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as "Eurocurrency liabilities") and (B) in the case of Canadian Loans, the reserve percentage (expressed as a decimal, carried out to five decimal places) in effect on such day, whether or not applicable to any Canadian Lender, under any applicable regulations of the central bank or other relevant Government Authority in Canada. The Eurodollar Rate for each outstanding Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be adjusted automatically as of the effective date of any change in the Eurodollar Reserve Percentage. "Eurodollar Rate Loan" means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Eurodollar Rate. "Event of Default" has the meaning specified in Section 8.01. "Existing Credit Agreements" means (a) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 10, 1998, among the Company, Medis Health and [COMPANY], Inc. (now known as [COMPANY]), Bank of America, as agent, Bank of America Canada, as Canadian administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto as amended to date and (b) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 22, 1999, among the Company, Bank of America, as agent, and the lenders party thereto, as amended. "Existing Letters of Credit" means those letters of credit issued prior to the date hereof for the account of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries and identified on Schedule 1.01. "Exposure" means (a) prior to the termination of the Commitment, such Lender's Commitment and (b) after the termination of the Commitment, the Total Outstandings for such Lender. "Face Amount" means, in respect of a Draft or a Bankers' Acceptance, as the case may be, the amount payable to the holder thereof on its maturity. "Federal Funds Rate" means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the weighted average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. 11 "Fee Letter" means the letter agreement, dated August 28, 2002, among the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger. "Foreign Lender" has the meaning specified in Section 11.15(a)(i). "FRB" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. "FX Trading Office" means the Foreign Exchange Trading Unit of Bank of America located in London, England, or such other of Bank of America's offices as Bank of America may designate from time to time or, if Bank of America is no longer the Administrative Agent, the offices of Administrative Agent as Administrative Agent may designate from time to time. "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. "Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. "Granting Lender" has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(h). "Guarantee" means, as to any Person, any (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the "primary obligor") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term "Guarantee" as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 12 "Guarantied Obligations" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.01. "Indebtedness" means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following: (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money; (b) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); (c) all non-contingent reimbursement or payment obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers' acceptances, bank guaranties, shipside bonds, surety bonds and similar instruments; (d) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; (e) capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; (f) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; (g) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to property acquired by the Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property); and (h) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person, whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any capital lease or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. "Indemnified Liabilities" has the meaning set forth in Section 11.05. "Indemnitees" has the meaning set forth in Section 11.05. "Insolvency Proceeding" means (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the 13 benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors, or other similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors; undertaken under U.S. Federal, state or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code of the United States. "Interest Payment Date" means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided, however, that if any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan, (i) the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter and (ii) the Maturity Date. "Interest Period" means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Loan and ending on the date one, two, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Applicable Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice; provided that: (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; (ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. "IRS" means the United States Internal Revenue Service. "Laws" means, collectively, all international, foreign, Canadian, Federal, state, provincial, municipal and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. "L/C Advance" means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender's funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Pro Rata Share. "L/C Borrowing" means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Borrowing. "L/C Credit Extension" means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the renewal or increase of the amount thereof. 14 "L/C Issuer" means Wachovia Bank, National Association in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. "L/C Obligations" means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. "Lender" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, as the context requires, includes the L/C Issuer. "Lending Office" means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as its "Lending Office" or "Domestic Lending Office" or "Eurodollar Lending Office," as the case may be, in such Lender's Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Company and the Administrative Agent. "Letter of Credit" means (i) any letter of credit issued hereunder and (ii) each of the Existing Letters of Credit. A Letter of Credit may be a commercial letter of credit or a standby letter of credit. "Letter of Credit Application" means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C Issuer. "Letter of Credit Expiration Date" means the day that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect. "Letter of Credit Sublimit" means an amount equal to $75,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. "Lien" means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, but not including the interest of a lessor under an operating lease or the sale of accounts receivable). "Loan" means an extension of credit by a Lender to a Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan. "Loan Documents" means this Agreement, any Notes, any Drafts, any Bankers' Acceptances, the Fee Letter and all other documents delivered to the Administrative Agent, Canadian Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection herewith. "Loan Parties" means, collectively, the Borrowers. "Margin Stock" means "margin stock" as such term is defined in Regulation T, U or X of the FRB. "Master Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the definition of "Swap Contract." 15 "Material Adverse Effect" means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or any Material Subsidiary; (b) a material impairment of the ability of any Borrower to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Borrower of any Loan Document to which it is a party. "Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, (i) Apex Health Distribution Canada and (ii) any other Subsidiary having at such time 10% or more of the Company's consolidated total (gross) revenues for the preceding four fiscal quarter period, as of the last day of the preceding fiscal quarter based upon the Company's most recent annual or quarterly financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent under Section 6.01. "Maturity Date" means September 30, 2005. "Apex Health Distribution Canada" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. "Member" means a Canadian Lender that has entered into a contract of membership with the Clearing House. "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. "Multiemployer Plan" means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. "Net Worth" means the sum of the capital stock and additional paid in capital plus retained earnings (or minus accumulated deficits) of the Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP on such date. "Note" means a promissory note executed by a Borrower in favor of a Lender pursuant to Section 2.11, substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 in the case of the Company with respect to Domestic Loans or substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 in the case of Apex Health Distribution Canada with respect to Canadian Loans. "Obligations" means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, Draft, Bankers' Acceptance or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. "Organization Documents" means, with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction). 16 "Other Taxes" has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(b). "Outstanding Amount" means (i) with respect to Committed Loans and on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans occurring on such date; (ii) with respect to any Bankers' Acceptances on any date, the amount of the Acceptance Usage on such date after giving effect to any Bankers' Acceptance Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the Acceptance Usage as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding unpaid drawings under any Bankers' Acceptance or any reductions in the maximum amount available for drawing under Bankers' Acceptance taking effect on such date; and (iii) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding unpaid drawings under any Letters of Credit or any reductions in the maximum amount available for drawing under Letters of Credit taking effect on such date. "Overnight Canadian Rate" means, for any day, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Canadian Dollars, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by the Administrative Agent's London Branch to major banks in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market. "Participant" has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(d). "Participation Funding Date" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A). "PBGC" means the [COMPANY]. "Pension Plan" means any "employee pension benefit plan" (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. "Person" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. "Plan" means any "employee benefit plan" (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by any Borrower or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. "Press Release" has the meaning specified in the definition of "Disclosed Matters" set forth herein. "Pro Rata Share" means, with respect to each Lender at any time, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the 17 Commitment of such Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the amount of the Aggregate Commitments at such time; provided that if the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans, the obligation of the Canadian Lenders to make Bankers' Acceptance Credit Extensions and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, then the Pro Rata Share of each Lender shall be determined based on the Pro Rata Share of such Lender immediately prior to such termination and after giving effect to any subsequent assignments made pursuant to the terms hereof. The initial Pro Rata Share of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. "Proceedings" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(c). "Register" has the meaning set forth in Section 11.07(c). "Reportable Event" means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. "Request for Credit Extension" means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to a Bankers' Acceptance, a Drawing Notice and (c) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application. "Required Lenders" means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50% of the Aggregate Commitments or, if the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans, the obligation of each Canadian Lender to make Bankers' Acceptance Credit Extensions and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50% of the Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lender's risk participation and funded participation in Bankers' Acceptances and L/C Obligations being deemed "held" by such Lender for purposes of this definition); provided that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. "Requirement of Law" means, as to any Person, any law (statutory or common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination, decree or order of an arbitrator or of a Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon the Person or any of its property or to which the Person or any of its property is subject, including but not limited to any Environmental Law. "Responsible Officer" means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, corporate vice president or the treasurer of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. "S&P" means Standard & [COMPANY], a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto. 18 "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. "SPC" has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(h). "Subsidiary" of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, unlimited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a "Subsidiary" or to "Subsidiaries" shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company. "Swap Contract" means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement relating to any of the foregoing (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a "Master Agreement"), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. "Swap Termination Value" means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). "Synthetic Lease Obligation" means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). "Taxes" has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a). 19 "Total Canadian Outstandings" means (i) as to all Lenders at any date of determination, the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Canadian Loans plus (B) the Acceptance Usage, in each case valued in Dollar Equivalents, and (ii) as to any Lender at any date of determination, the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of all Canadian Loans made by such Canadian Lender or its Affiliate plus (y) the Acceptance Usage of such Canadian Lender or its Affiliate, in each case valued in Dollar Equivalents. "Total Capitalization" means, on any date, the sum of (a) Total Debt and (b) the Net Worth on such date. "Total Debt" means, on any date, all Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis on such date. "Total Outstandings" means (i) as to all Lenders at any date of determination, the sum of (A) the Outstanding Amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations plus (B) the Acceptance Usage, in each case valued in Dollar Equivalents, and (ii) as to any Lender at any date of determination, the sum of (x) the Outstanding Amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations of such Lender or its Affiliate plus (y) the Acceptance Usage of such Lender or its Affiliate, in each case valued in Dollar Equivalents. "Type" means (i) with respect to a Domestic Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan and (ii) with respect to a Canadian Loan, its character as a Canadian Prime Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan. "Unfunded Pension Liability" means the excess of a Pension Plan's benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan's assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. "United States" and "U.S." mean the United States of America. "Unreimbursed Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c)(i). "Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary in which (other than directors' qualifying shares required by law) 100% of the capital stock of each class or other interests having ordinary voting power, and 100% of the capital stock of every other class or other interests, in each case, at the time as of which any determination is being made, is owned, beneficially and of record, by the Company, or by one or more of the other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries, or both. 1.02 OTHER INTERPRETIVE PROVISIONS. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: (a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. 20 (b) (i) The words "herein," "hereto," "hereof" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. (ii) Article, Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Loan Document in which such reference appears. (iii) The term "including" is by way of example and not limitation. (iv) The term "documents" includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. (c) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including;" the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding;" and the word "through" means "to and including." (d) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 1.03 ACCOUNTING TERMS. (a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the [COMPANY] Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. (b) If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Company or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Company shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 1.04 ROUNDING. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 1.05 REFERENCES TO AGREEMENTS AND LAWS. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to Organization Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, 21 restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by any Loan Document; and (b) references to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. 1.06 TIMES OF DAY. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Pacific time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 1.07 LETTER OF CREDIT AMOUNTS. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to mean the maximum face amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all increases thereof contemplated by such Letter of Credit or the Letter of Credit Application therefor, whether or not such maximum face amount is in effect at such time. ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 2.01 COMMITTED LOANS. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Domestic Loans to the Company from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender's Commitment; provided, however, that after giving effect to any Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations and all Bankers' Acceptances (taking into account any Canadian Participations when determining the Total Canadian Outstandings of a Canadian Lender) shall not exceed such Lender's Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender's Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Company may borrow under this Section 2.01(a), prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01(a). Domestic Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as further provided herein. (b)(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Canadian Lender severally agrees to make Canadian Loans to Apex Health Distribution Canada from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender's Canadian Commitment; provided, however, that after giving effect to any Borrowing under the Canadian Commitments, (A) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (B) the Total Canadian Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments, (C) Apex Health Distribution Canada shall be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, (D) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Canadian Loans of any Canadian Lender, plus such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the Acceptance Usage (taking into account any Canadian Participations when determining the Total Canadian Outstandings of a Canadian Lender) shall not exceed its Canadian Commitment, and (E) all Canadian Loans to Apex Health Distribution Canada shall be made by the Canadian Lenders, shall be denominated and payable in Canadian Dollars and no 22 other currency and shall not be Base Rate Loans. Within the limits of each Lender's Canadian Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, Apex Health Distribution Canada may borrow under this Section 2.01(b)(i), prepay under Section 2.05 and reborrow under this Section 2.01(b)(i). Canadian Loans may be Canadian Prime Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as provided herein. (ii)(A) Subject to Section 2.01(b)(ii)(B) below, on the Participation Funding Date (as defined below) each Lender that is not a Canadian Lender shall be deemed to have purchased, and hereby agrees to purchase, a participation in each outstanding Canadian Loan and Bankers' Acceptance Credit Extension in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of the unpaid amount of such Canadian Loan or Bankers' Acceptance Credit Extension together with accrued interest thereon (each, a "Canadian Participation"), such Canadian Participation to be governed by this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) and not by Section 11.07(d) hereof. Only upon demand from any Canadian Lender on or after the date of (X) any Event of Default under Sections 8.01(a), 8.01(f) or 8.01(g) or (Y) an acceleration of the maturity pursuant to Section 8.02(b) of any amounts owing to the Canadian Lenders under this Agreement (the date of such demand, the "Participation Funding Date"), each such Lender that has purchased a Canadian Participation (each a "Canadian Participant") shall deliver to the Canadian Administrative Agent an amount equal to its Canadian Participation in same day funds and in Canadian Dollars at the Canadian Administrative Agent's Office for distribution to Canadian Lenders in accordance with their Canadian Pro Rata Share. If any amount required to be paid by any Canadian Participant pursuant to this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) is not paid to the Canadian Administrative Agent when due but is paid within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, such Canadian Participant shall pay to the Canadian Administrative Agent for distribution to Canadian Lenders on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) such amount, times (ii) the Overnight Canadian Rate, times (iii) a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse during such period and the denominator of which is 365 or 366, as the case may be. If such amount required to be paid by any Canadian Participant pursuant to this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) is not in fact made available to the Canadian Administrative Agent within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover from such Canadian Participant, on demand, such amount with interest thereon calculated from such due date at the rate per annum equal to the rate applicable thereto in accordance with the preceding sentence plus the Applicable Rate. A certificate of the Canadian Administrative Agent submitted to any Canadian Participant with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In the event the Canadian Administrative Agent receives a payment with respect to any Canadian Loan in which Canadian Participations have been purchased and as to which the purchase price has been requested by the Canadian Administrative Agent and delivered by a Canadian Participant as in this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) provided, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such Canadian Participant its share of such payment based on its Canadian Participation. If the Canadian Administrative Agent pays any amount 23 to a Canadian Participant pursuant to this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) in the belief or expectation that a related payment has been or will be received or collected and such related payment is not received or collected by the Canadian Administrative Agent, then such Canadian Participant will promptly on demand by the Canadian Administrative Agent return such amount to the Canadian Administrative Agent, together with interest thereon at such rate as the Canadian Administrative Agent shall determine to be customary between banks for correction of errors. If the Canadian Administrative Agent determines at any time that any amount received or collected by the Canadian Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement is to be returned to Apex Health Distribution Canada under this Agreement or paid to any other Person or entity pursuant to any Debtor Relief Laws, any sharing clause in this Agreement, or otherwise, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall not be required to distribute any portion thereof to any Canadian Participant, and each such Canadian Participant will promptly on demand by the Canadian Administrative Agent repay any portion that the Canadian Administrative Agent shall have distributed to such Canadian Participant, together with interest thereon at such rate, if any, as the Canadian Administrative Agent shall pay to Apex Health Distribution Canada or such other Person or entity with respect thereto. If any amounts returned to Apex Health Distribution Canada or reimbursed by a Canadian Participant pursuant to this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) are later recovered by the Canadian Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to each Canadian Participant a proportionate share based on such Canadian Participant's Canadian Participation. (B) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each Lender agrees that, prior to the Participation Funding Date, all amounts paid or credited by Apex Health Distribution Canada under this Agreement to a Canadian Lender shall be received by such Canadian Lender (a) for its own benefit and account or (b) as agent for or for the account of an Eligible Assignee that is a Canadian Resident in respect of the Canadian Loans, and not otherwise as agent for or on behalf of any other Person. 2.02 BORROWINGS, CONVERSIONS AND CONTINUATIONS OF COMMITTED LOANS. (a) With respect to Domestic Loans, each Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made upon the Company's irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 9:00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base Rate Committed Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans. With respect to Canadian Loans, each Borrowing, each conversion of Canadian Loans from one Type to the other and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made upon Apex Health Distribution Canada's irrevocable notice to the Canadian Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Canadian Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., Eastern time, (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or of any conversion of 24 Eurodollar Rate Loans to Canadian Prime Rate Loans, and (ii) one Business Day prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Canadian Prime Rate Loans. Each telephonic notice by a Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Applicable Agent of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Applicable Borrower. Each Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Domestic Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and, in the case of Canadian Loans, in an aggregate minimum amount of Cdn.$5,000,000 or any whole multiple of Cdn.$1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(c) and 2.04(g), each Committed Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Applicable Borrower is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) the identity of the Borrower and the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to be converted, (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto and (vi) the Applicable Currency. If the Applicable Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Applicable Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, as appropriate. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate Loans. If the Applicable Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, they will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice for Domestic Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Pro Rata Share of the applicable Domestic Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Company, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in Section 2.02(a). Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice for Canadian Loans, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Canadian Lender of the amount of its Canadian Pro Rata Share of the applicable Canadian Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrowers, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall notify each Canadian Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Canadian Prime Rate Loans described in Section 2.02(a). In the case of a Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Domestic Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent's Office not later than 11:00 a.m., and each Canadian Lender will make the amount of its Canadian Loan available to the Canadian Administrative Agent in Canadian Dollars at the Canadian Administrative Agent's Office by 11:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), the Applicable Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Applicable Borrower in like funds as received by the Applicable Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Applicable Borrower on the books of Bank of America or BA Canada with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably 25 acceptable to) the Applicable Agent by the Applicable Borrower; provided, however, that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing is given by a Borrower, there are unpaid amounts due in respect of Bankers' Acceptances, in the case of Apex Health Distribution Canada, or L/C Borrowings outstanding, in the case of the Company, then the proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied, first, to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second, to the Applicable Borrower as provided above. (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Applicable Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of the Eurodollar Rate by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America's prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. At any time that Canadian Prime Rate Loans are outstanding, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall notify Apex Health Distribution Canada and the Canadian Lenders of any change in BA Canada's prime lending rate used in determining the Canadian Prime Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. (e) After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in effect at any time with respect to Committed Loans. (f) The Dollar Equivalent amount of any Borrowing in Canadian Dollars will be determined by the Canadian Administrative Agent for such Borrowing on the Computation Date therefor in accordance with Section 2.16(a) and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 2.03 LETTERS OF CREDIT. (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Company or certain Subsidiaries, and to amend or renew Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.03(b), and (2) to honor drafts under the Letters of Credit; and (B) the Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Company; provided that the L/C Issuer shall not be obligated to make any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, and no Lender shall be obligated to participate in any Letter of Credit if as of the date of such L/C Credit Extension, (x) the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (y) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such 26 Lender's Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, would exceed such Lender's Commitment, or (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Company's ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Company may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. (ii) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it; (B) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii), the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance or last renewal, unless the Required Lenders have approved such expiry date; (C) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Lenders have approved such expiry date; or (D) such Letter of Credit is in an initial amount less than $100,000, in the case of a commercial Letter of Credit, or $500,000, in the case of a standby Letter of Credit, or is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars; provided that the $500,000 minimum amount relating to a standby Letter of Credit shall not be applicable if the Company pays to the L/C Issuer in respect of such Letter of Credit an additional issuance fee in an amount to be agreed between the Company and the L/C Issuer from time to time. (iii) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the Beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. (iv) On and after the Closing Date, the Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed for all purposes, including for purposes of the fees and charges to be collected pursuant to this Section 2.03 for periods on and after the Closing Date, and 27 reimbursement of costs and expenses to the extent provided herein, to be Letters of Credit outstanding under this Agreement and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall be governed by the applications and agreements pertaining thereto and by this Agreement; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no fees with respect to the initial issuance of the Existing Letters of Credit shall be due hereunder. (b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Renewal Letters of Credit. (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Company delivered to the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 9:00 a.m. at least three Business Days (or such later date and time as the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in its sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by the Beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by the Beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; and (G) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Company and, if not, the L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Upon receipt by the L/C Issuer of confirmation from the Administrative Agent that the requested issuance or amendment is permitted in accordance with the terms hereof, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Company or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the L/C Issuer's usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender's Pro Rata Share times the amount of such Letter of Credit. (iii) If the Company so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer shall issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic renewal provisions (each, 28 an "Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit"); provided that any such Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit must permit the L/C Issuer to prevent any such renewal at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the "Nonrenewal Notice Date") in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued; provided further that the L/C Issuer shall not exercise its right to prevent any such renewal unless the L/C Issuer determines that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its renewed form under the terms of this Agreement. Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the Company shall not be required to make a specific request to the L/C Issuer for any such renewal. Once an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the L/C Issuer to permit the renewal of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided, however, that the L/C Issuer shall not permit any such renewal if (A) the L/C Issuer has determined that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its renewed form under the terms of this Agreement (by reason of the provisions of Section 2.03(a)(ii) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five Business Days before the Nonrenewal Notice Date from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Company that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied. (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. (c) Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations. (i) Upon receipt from the Beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall notify the Company and the Administrative Agent thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an "Honor Date"), the Company shall reimburse the L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing. If the Company fails to so reimburse the L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the "Unreimbursed Amount"), and the amount of such Lender's Pro Rata Share thereof. In such event, the Company shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 29 (ii) Each Lender (including the Lender acting as L/C Issuer) shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer at the Administrative Agent's Office in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Committed Loan to the Company in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the L/C Issuer. (iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Company shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Lender's payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03. (iv) Until each Lender funds its Committed Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender's Pro Rata Share of such amount shall be solely for the account of the L/C Issuer. (v) Each Lender's obligation to make Committed Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the L/C Issuer, the Company or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Lender's obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Company of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Company to reimburse the L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. (vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. A certificate of the L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the 30 Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (d) Repayment of Participations. (i) At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender's L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c), if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Company or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender's L/C Advance was outstanding) in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. (ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Pro Rata Share thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. (e) Obligations Absolute. The obligation of the Company to reimburse the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto; (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, set-off, defense or other right that the Company may have at any time against any Beneficiary of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such Beneficiary may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; (iv) any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such 31 Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of any Beneficiary or of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or (v) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the [COMPANY] shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Company's instructions or other irregularity, the Company will immediately notify the L/C [COMPANY] shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. (f) Role of L/C Issuer. Each Lender and the Company agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuer, any Agent-Related Person nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Letter of [COMPANY] hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any Beneficiary with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided, however, that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Company's pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the Beneficiary at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuer, any Agent-Related Person, nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of the L/C Issuer, shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 2.03(e); provided, however, that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may have a claim against the L/C Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to the Company, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Company which the Company proves were caused by the L/C Issuer's willful misconduct or gross negligence or the L/C Issuer's willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. 32 (g) Cash Collateral. Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, (i) if the L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, or (ii) if, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any Letter of Credit may for any reason remain outstanding and partially or wholly undrawn, the Company shall immediately Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to such Outstanding Amount determined as of the date of such L/C Borrowing or the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, as the case may be). For purposes hereof, "Cash Collateralize" means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, as collateral for the L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer (which documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders). Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings. [COMPANY] hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, a security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing. Cash collateral shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. (h) Applicability of ISP 98 and UCP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Company when a Letter of Credit is issued, (i) the rules of the "International Standby Practices (ISP 98)" published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance), with the exception of Rule 5.09 thereof, shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce (the "ICC") at the time of issuance (including the ICC decision published by the Commission on Banking Technique and Practice on April 6, 1998 regarding the European single currency (euro)) shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. (i) Letter of [COMPANY] shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share a letter of credit fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the daily maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit). Such letter of credit fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such letter of credit fees shall be due and payable on the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily maximum amount of each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. (j) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C [COMPANY] shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit in an amount equal to .125% per annum times the daily maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Such fronting fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fees shall be due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. In addition, the Company shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account the 33 customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. (k) Conflict with Letter of Credit Application. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Letter of Credit Application, the terms hereof shall control. (l) Reports to Administrative Agent. The L/C Issuer shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, upon each calendar month end, a report setting forth for such period the daily aggregate amount available to be drawn under the Letters of Credit that were outstanding during such month. 2.04 BANKERS' ACCEPTANCES FOR MCKESSON CANADA. (a) Acceptance Commitment. (i) Each Canadian Lender severally agrees, on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein: (A) in the case of a Canadian Lender that is able to accept Drafts from Apex Health Distribution Canada, to create acceptances (each, a "Bankers' Acceptance") by accepting Drafts from Apex Health Distribution Canada and to purchase such Bankers' Acceptances in accordance with Section 2.04(d); and (B) in the case of a Canadian Lender that has participated all or any part of its interest in the Bankers' Acceptance Facilities to a participant that is able to accept Drafts from Apex Health Distribution Canada, to arrange for the creation of Bankers' Acceptances by such participant and for the purchase of such Bankers' Acceptances by such participant, to the extent of such participation or assignment, in accordance with Section 2.04(d). (ii) Each Drawing shall be in an aggregate Face Amount of not less than Cdn.$5,000,000 and in integral multiples of Cdn.$1,000,000 and shall consist of the creation and purchase of Bankers' Acceptances on the same day, effected or arranged by the Canadian Lenders in accordance with Section 2.04(d), ratably according to their respective Canadian Pro Rata Shares. (iii) Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Bankers' Acceptance Facility and the Canadian Commitments shall be subject to the following limitations: (A) the amount otherwise available for Drawing under the Aggregate Canadian Commitment as of any time of determination shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Total Canadian Outstandings as of such time of determination; (B) after any Drawing the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect; and (C) after any Drawing the Total Canadian Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments then in effect. 34 (b) Drawing Notice. (i) Each Drawing shall be made on three Business Days' prior written notice specified in relation to Bankers' Acceptances, given not later than 11:00 a.m. (Toronto time), by Apex Health Distribution Canada to the Canadian Administrative Agent. Each such notice of a Drawing (a "Drawing Notice") shall be given in substantially the form of Exhibit F annexed hereto or by telephone confirmed promptly in writing, containing the same information as would be contained in a Drawing Notice, and shall specify therein (A) the Drawing Date; (B) the aggregate Face Amount of Drafts to be accepted; and (C) the maturity date for such Drafts. The Canadian Administrative Agent shall give each Canadian Lender prompt notice of such Drawing Notice and of such Canadian Lender's ratable portion of Drafts to be accepted under the Drawing. (ii) Apex Health Distribution Canada shall not request in a Drawing Notice a maturity date for Drafts that would be subsequent to the Maturity Date. (iii) Each Drawing Notice shall be irrevocable and binding on [COMPANY] Canada shall indemnify each Canadian Lender against any loss or expense incurred by such Canadian Lender as a result of any failure by Apex Health Distribution Canada to fulfill or honor before the date specified for any Drawing, the applicable conditions set forth in this Section 2.04 or Section 4.02, if the Drawing, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date. (iv) Apex Health Distribution Canada shall repay, and there shall become due and payable, on the Drawing Date the principal amount of any Canadian Loans which Apex Health Distribution Canada seeks to convert, if any, in whole or in part, to Bankers' Acceptances on such Drawing Date. (v) None of the Canadian Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Canadian Lenders shall incur any liability to Apex Health Distribution Canada or the Company in acting on the telephonic notice referred to above which the Canadian Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent or any Canadian Lenders believes in good faith to have been given by a duly authorized officer or other person authorized to borrow on behalf of Apex Health Distribution Canada or for otherwise acting in good faith under this Section 2.04 and upon the acceptance of Drafts pursuant to any such telephonic notice, Apex Health Distribution Canada shall be liable with respect thereto as provided herein. In the event of a conflict between the Canadian Administrative Agent's record of the applicable terms of any Drawing and such Drawing Notice, the Canadian Administrative Agent's record shall prevail, absent manifest or demonstrable error. (c) Form of Bankers' Acceptances. (i) Each Draft presented by Apex Health Distribution Canada shall (A) be dated the date of the Drawing; (B) mature and be payable by Apex Health Distribution Canada (in common with all other Drafts presented in connection with such Drawing) on a Business Day which occurs no less than 30 days nor more than 180 days after the date thereof, which term shall be specified on the Drawing Notice presented by Apex Health Distribution Canada in accordance with 35 Section 2.04(b)(1); (C) be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Canadian Administrative Agent; and (D) if such Draft is drawn on a Canadian Lender that is a Member, be payable to the Clearing House. (ii) Apex Health Distribution Canada hereby renounces, and shall not claim, any days of grace for the payment of any Bankers' Acceptances. (d) Acceptance and Purchase of Drafts. (i) Not later than 11:00 a.m. (Toronto time) on an applicable Drawing Date, each Canadian Lender shall, as the case may be, (A) complete one or more Drafts dated the date of such Drawing, with the maturity date specified by Apex Health Distribution Canada in the Drawing Notice, accept such Drafts, and purchase the Bankers' Acceptances thereby created for the Drawing Purchase Price; and (B) arrange for its participant to complete one or more Drafts dated the date of such Drawing, with the maturity date specified by Apex Health Distribution Canada in the Drawing Notice, to accept such Drafts and to purchase the Bankers' Acceptances thereby created for the Drawing Purchase Price. (ii) The failure of any Canadian Lender to accept Drafts or purchase Bankers' Acceptances as part of any Drawing shall not relieve such Canadian Lender of its obligation, if any, to accept Drafts and purchase Bankers' Acceptances hereunder, but a Canadian Lender shall not be responsible for the failure of any other Canadian Lender to accept Drafts or purchase Bankers' Acceptance on the Drawing Date for any Drawing. (iii) The parties hereto agree that in the administering of Bankers' Acceptances, each Canadian Lender may avail itself of the debt clearing services offered by the Clearing House and that the procedures set forth in Section 2.04 be deemed amended to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of such debt clearing services. The foregoing sentence applies only to the administration of Bankers' Acceptances by the Canadian Lenders and shall not affect the rights and obligations of Apex Health Distribution Canada with respect to any Bankers' Acceptance. (e) Payment of Drawing Purchase Price. (i) Subject to Section 2.04(b)(iv), each Canadian Lender shall, before 12:00 noon (Toronto time) on the applicable Drawing Date, pay or cause to be paid, the Drawing Purchase Price in respect of any Bankers' Acceptances which such Canadian Lender has purchased or arranged to have purchased pursuant to Section 2.04(d)(i) by depositing or causing to be deposited such amount to such account maintained by the Canadian Administrative Agent at BA Canada as shall have been notified to such Canadian Lender by the Canadian Administrative Agent, in Canadian Dollars in same day funds. Promptly upon receipt of such funds, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall make such funds available to Apex Health Distribution Canada in accordance with reasonable instructions provided to the Canadian Administrative Agent by Apex Health Distribution Canada. (ii) Bankers' Acceptances purchased by a Canadian Lender or its participant hereunder may be held by such Canadian Lender or such participant, as the case may be, 36 for its own account until maturity or sold by it at any time prior thereto in any relevant market therefor in Canada, in such Lender's or its participant's sole discretion. (f) Effective Discount Rate Determination. Promptly upon request of Apex Health Distribution Canada, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall provide Apex Health Distribution Canada an indicative Effective Discount Rate, which rate shall not be binding on the Canadian Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders for purposes of any Drawing or acceptance of Drafts. (g) Payment at Maturity; Cash Collateral. (i) Apex Health Distribution Canada shall pay to the Canadian Administrative Agent, and there shall become due and payable, at 12:00 noon (Toronto time) on the maturity date for each Bankers' Acceptance an amount in Canadian Dollars in same day funds equal to the Face Amount of such [COMPANY] Canada shall make each payment hereunder in respect of Bankers' Acceptances by deposit of the required funds to the Canadian Administrative Agent at the Canada Administrative Agent's Office. Upon receipt of such payment, the Canadian Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause such payment to be distributed in like funds in payment of Bankers' Acceptances ratably (based on the proportion that the aggregate Face Amount of Bankers' Acceptances held by any Canadian Lender or any participant thereof maturing on the relevant date bears to the aggregate Face Amount of Bankers' Acceptances accepted or held by all Canadian Lenders or any participants or assignees thereof maturing on such date) to Canadian Lenders for their account and for the account of any participant, to the extent of and in accordance with their participation. Such payment to the Canadian Administrative Agent shall satisfy Apex Health Distribution Canada's obligations under any Bankers' Acceptances to which it relates and each Canadian Lender that has accepted such Bankers' Acceptances shall thereafter be solely responsible for the payment of such Bankers' Acceptances and shall indemnify and hold Apex Health Distribution Canada harmless against any liabilities, costs or expenses incurred by Apex Health Distribution Canada as a result of any failure by such Canadian Lender or such participant to pay such Bankers' Acceptance in accordance with its terms. (ii) [COMPANY] Canada fails to pay any Bankers' Acceptance when due, or to convert or renew the Face Amount of such Bankers' Acceptance pursuant to Section 2.04(i), the unpaid amount due and payable in respect thereof shall be converted as of such date, and without any necessity for Apex Health Distribution Canada to give a Committed Loan Notice in accordance with Section 2.02, to, and thereafter be outstanding as, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan made by, the Canadian Lenders and shall bear interest calculated and payable as provided in Section 2.08. Each Borrower acknowledges, agrees and confirms with the Canadian Lenders that the records of each Canadian Lender in respect of payment of any Bankers' Acceptance by such Canadian Lender shall be binding on Apex Health Distribution Canada and shall be conclusive evidence (in the absence of manifest error) of a Canadian Prime Rate Loan to an amount owing by Apex Health Distribution Canada to such [COMPANY] Canada further agrees that if an Event of Default or the Maturity Date shall occur prior to the date upon which any one or more Bankers' Acceptances are payable by a Canadian Lender, thereupon, Apex Health Distribution Canada shall provide such Canadian Lender with funds for the full Face Amounts of all such Bankers' Acceptances, notwithstanding the fact that any such Bankers' Acceptance may be held by such Canadian Lender in its own right at maturity; provided, however, that if for any reason Apex Health Distribution Canada fails to make such payment in respect of any Bankers' Acceptance, thereupon Apex Health Distribution Canada shall be deemed for all purposes to have received a Canadian Prime Rate Loan in an amount equal to the face amount of such Bankers' Acceptance and Apex Health Distribution Canada shall pay interest thereon at the Canadian Prime Rate until repayment thereof in full. (h) Presigned Draft Forms. (i) To enable the Canadian Lenders to create Bankers' Acceptances or complete Drafts in the manner specified in this Section 2.04, Apex Health Distribution Canada shall supply each Canadian Lender with such number of Drafts as such Canadian Lender may reasonably request, duly endorsed and executed on behalf of Apex Health Distribution Canada by any one or more of its authorized officers. Each Canadian Lender shall exercise such care in the custody and safekeeping of Drafts as it would exercise in the custody and safekeeping of similar property owned by it. Each Canadian Lender will, upon request by Apex Health Distribution Canada, promptly advise Apex Health Distribution Canada of the number and designations, if any, of the uncompleted Drafts then held by it. The signatures of such officers may be mechanically reproduced in facsimile and Drafts and Bankers' Acceptances bearing such facsimile signatures shall be binding upon Apex Health Distribution Canada as if they had been manually signed by such officers. Notwithstanding that any of the individuals whose manual or facsimile signature appears on any Draft or Bankers' Acceptance as one of such officers may no longer hold office at the date thereof or at the date of its acceptance by a Canadian Lender or a participant hereunder or at any time thereafter, any Draft or Bankers' Acceptance so signed shall be valid and binding upon Apex Health Distribution Canada. (ii) To facilitate the acceptance of Drafts hereunder, Apex Health Distribution Canada hereby appoints each Canadian Lender as its attorney to sign and endorse on its behalf, as and when considered necessary by such Canadian Lender in connection with a Drawing, an appropriate number of Drafts in the form prescribed by that Canadian Lender. Any Draft signed by a Canadian Lender as attorney for Apex Health Distribution Canada, whether signed in handwriting or by the facsimile or mechanical signature of an authorized officer of a Canadian Lender, may be dealt with by the Canadian Administrative Agent or any Canadian Lender to all intents and purposes and shall bind Apex Health Distribution Canada as if duly signed and issued by Apex Health Distribution Canada. (i) Conversion or Renewal of Bankers' Acceptances. Upon the maturity of a Bankers' Acceptance, Apex Health Distribution Canada may elect to (A) renew such Bankers' Acceptance, by giving a Drawing Notice in accordance with Section 2.04(b)(i); or (B) have all or a portion of the Face Amount of such Bankers' Acceptance converted to a Eurodollar Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan, by giving a Committed Loan Notice in accordance with Section 2.02. If the Bankers' Acceptances to be converted cannot be converted into a Eurodollar Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan in an aggregate amount which may be made as a Eurodollar Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan, as the case may be, under this Agreement, then the amount which cannot be so converted shall be repaid to the Canadian Administrative Agent for 38 distribution to the Canadian Lenders in accordance with Section 2.04(g) on the date of such conversion. (j) Circumstances Making Bankers' Acceptances Unavailable. (i) If the Canadian Administrative Agent determines in good faith, which determination shall be final, conclusive and binding upon Apex Health Distribution Canada, and notifies Apex Health Distribution Canada that, by reason of circumstances affecting the money market (A) there is no market for Bankers' Acceptances; or (B) the demand for Bankers' Acceptances is insufficient to allow the sale or trading of the Bankers' Acceptances created and purchased hereunder; then, (1) the right of Apex Health Distribution Canada to request a Drawing shall be suspended until the Canadian Administrative Agent determines that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist and the Canadian Administrative Agent so notifies Apex Health Distribution Canada; and (2) any Drawing Notice which is outstanding shall be cancelled and the Drawing requested therein shall not be made. (ii) The Canadian Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Apex Health Distribution Canada and the Administrative Agent of the suspension of Apex Health Distribution Canada's right to request a Drawing and of the termination of any such suspension. (k) Prepayments. Except as required by Article VIII, Section 2.05 or Section 2.07, no repayment of a Bankers' Acceptance shall be made by Apex Health Distribution Canada to a Canadian Lender prior to the maturity date thereof. Any such repayment, made as required by Article VIII, Section 2.05 or Section 2.07, shall be made (unless such repayment has been rescinded or otherwise is required to be returned by such Canadian Lender to Apex Health Distribution Canada for any reason) in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.04(g)(i). Any such payment by Apex Health Distribution Canada to the Canadian Administrative Agent shall satisfy Apex Health Distribution Canada's obligations under the Bankers' Acceptance to which it relates and, in the case of a Bankers' Acceptance which has been accepted by a Canadian Lender or its participant, such Canadian Lender or such participant shall thereafter be solely responsible for the payment of such Bankers' Acceptance and shall indemnify and hold Apex Health Distribution Canada harmless against any liabilities, costs or expenses incurred by Apex Health Distribution Canada as a result of any failure by such Canadian Lender or such participant to pay such Bankers' Acceptance in accordance with its terms. 2.05 PREPAYMENTS. (a) The Applicable Borrower may, upon notice to the Applicable Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Domestic Loans or Canadian Loans, as the case may be, in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Applicable Agent not later than 9:00 a.m., in the case of a prepayment of Domestic Loans, and 11:00 a.m., Eastern time, in the case of prepayment of Canadian Loans, (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans and Canadian Prime Rate Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Domestic Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple 39 of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Canadian Loans shall be in a principal amount of Cdn.$5,000,000 or a whole multiple of Cdn $1,000,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be prepaid. The Applicable Agent will promptly notify each Lender or Canadian Lender, as appropriate, of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender's Pro Rata Share or Canadian Pro Rata Share, as appropriate, of such prepayment. If such notice is given by a Borrower, the Applicable Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares or Canadian Pro Rata Shares, as appropriate. (b) Subject to Section 2.14, if for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, the Company shall immediately prepay Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations and/or Apex Health Distribution Canada shall immediately prepay Canadian Loans and/or cash collateralize Bankers' Acceptances in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, however, that the Borrowers shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations or prepay the Face Amounts of Bankers' Acceptances pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) unless after the prepayment in full of the Committed Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect. (c) Subject to Section 2.14, if for any reason the Total Canadian Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments then in effect, Apex Health Distribution Canada shall immediately prepay Canadian Loans and cash collateralize Bankers' Acceptances in an aggregate amount equal to such excess, provided that Apex Health Distribution Canada shall not be required to prepay the Bankers' Acceptances pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) unless, after prepayment in full of the Canadian Loans, the Total Canadian Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments then in effect. 2.06 [COMPANY] may, upon notice to the Applicable Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments or the Aggregate Canadian Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments or the Aggregate Canadian Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Applicable Agent not later than 9:00 a.m. or, in the case of a reduction of the Canadian Commitments, 11:00 a.m., Eastern time, five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (iv) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Canadian Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Canadian Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments, (v) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, such Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess, and (vi) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments, the Aggregate 40 Canadian Commitments exceed the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, the Aggregate Canadian Commitments shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Commitments and the Canadian Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Canadian Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Canadian Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments or Aggregate Canadian Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender or the Canadian Commitment of each Canadian Lender, as the case may be, according to its Pro Rata Share or its Canadian Pro Rata Share, as the case may be. All facility and utilization fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 2.07 REPAYMENT OF LOANS. The Applicable Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of its Committed Loans outstanding on such date. Apex Health Distribution Canada shall repay to the Lenders on the date that it ceases to be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company the aggregate principal amount of its Canadian Loans outstanding on such date. 2.08 INTEREST. (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(b), (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; (ii) each Base Rate Committed Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate; and (iii) each Canadian Prime Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Rate. (b) If any amount payable by a Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Furthermore, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, the Borrowers shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 41 2.09 FEES. In addition to certain fees described in Sections 2.03(i) and (j) and Section 2.04: (a) [COMPANY] shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, a facility fee on the later of the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter or the fifth Business Day after the Company has received from the Administrative Agent a notice setting forth the amount of such fee, which shall be equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount of the Aggregate Commitments (or, if the Aggregate Commitments have terminated, on the Outstanding Amount of all Committed Loans, Bankers' Acceptances and L/C Obligations), regardless of usage. The facility fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period (and thereafter so long as any Committed Loans, Bankers' Acceptances or L/C Obligations remain outstanding), including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV are not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on each date specified above following the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, through the end of the Availability Period (and, if applicable, thereafter on demand). The facility fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. (b) [COMPANY] shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, a utilization fee of .15% per annum times the Total Outstandings on each day that the sum of (i) the Total Outstandings existing on such date and (ii) the Total Outstandings (as such term is defined in the 364-Day Credit Facility) on such day, exceeds 30% of the sum of (x) the Aggregate Commitments (as defined herein) existing on such day and (y) the Aggregate Commitments (as such term is defined in the 364-Day Credit Facility) existing on such day. The utilization fee shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the Maturity Date. The utilization fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears. The utilization fee shall accrue at all times as set forth in this Section 2.09(b), including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV are not met. (c) Other Fees. (i) [COMPANY] shall pay to the Arranger and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. (ii) The Borrowers shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 2.10 COMPUTATION OF INTEREST AND FEES. All computations of interest for Bankers' Acceptances and Drawing Fees, for Canadian Prime Rate Loans and for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate is determined by Bank of America's "prime rate" shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which 42 results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for one day. 2.11 EVIDENCE OF DEBT. (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Applicable Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of either Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of such Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Applicable Agent, the applicable Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Applicable Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender's Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a), each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 2.12 PAYMENTS GENERALLY. (a) All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Company hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at the Administrative Agent's Office in Dollars not later than 12:00 noon on the date specified herein, and all payments by Apex Health Distribution Canada hereunder shall be made to the Canadian Administrative Agent for the account of the Canadian Lenders at the Canadian Administrative Agent's Office in Canadian Dollars not later than 12:00 noon, Eastern time, on the date specified herein, in each case, in immediately available funds. The Applicable Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share and to each Canadian Lender its Canadian Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender's Lending Office. All payments received by an Agent after the applicable time specified in this Section 2.12(a) shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. 43 (b) If any payment to be made by a Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. (c) Unless a Borrower or any Lender has notified an Agent, prior to the date any payment is required to be made by it to such Agent hereunder, that such Borrower or such Lender, as the case may be, will not make such payment, such Agent may assume that such Borrower or such Lender, as the case may be, has timely made such payment and may (but shall not be so required to), in reliance thereon, make available a corresponding amount to the Person entitled thereto. If and to the extent that such payment was not in fact made to such Agent in immediately available funds, then: (i) if a Borrower failed to make such payment, each Lender shall forthwith on demand repay to the Applicable Agent the portion of such assumed payment, if any, that was made available to such Lender in immediately available funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such amount was made available by such Agent to such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to such Agent in immediately available funds at (A) in the case of Domestic Loans, the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect and (B) in the case of Canadian Loans, the Overnight Canadian Rate from time to time in effect; and (ii) subject to the provisions of Section 2.01(b), if any Lender failed to make such payment, such Lender shall forthwith on demand pay to the Applicable Agent the amount thereof in immediately available funds, together with interest thereon for the period from the date such amount was made available by such Agent to a Borrower to the date such amount is recovered by such Agent (the "Compensation Period") at a rate per annum equal to (A) in the case of Domestic Loans, the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect and (B) in the case of Canadian Loans, the Overnight Canadian Rate from time to time in effect. If such Lender pays such amount to such Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender's Committed Loan included in the applicable Borrowing. If such Lender does not pay such amount forthwith upon the Applicable Agent's demand therefor, such Agent may make a demand therefor upon the applicable Borrower, and such Borrower shall pay such amount to the Applicable Agent, together with interest thereon for the Compensation Period at a rate per annum equal to the rate of interest applicable to the applicable Borrowing. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which either Agent or Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. A notice of an Agent to any Lender or any Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this Section 2.12(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (d) If any Lender makes available to either Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Applicable Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in 44 accordance with the terms hereof, such Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. (e) The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and to purchase Bankers' Acceptances are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any such purchase on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, fund its participation or purchase its Bankers' Acceptance. (f) Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 2.13 SHARING OF PAYMENTS. If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein, any Lender shall obtain on account of the Committed Loans made by it, the Bankers' Acceptance Facility or the participations in L/C Obligations held by it, any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Committed Loans made by them or Bankers' Acceptances and/or such subparticipations in the participations in L/C Obligations held by them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment in respect of such Committed Loans, Bankers' Acceptances or such participations, as the case may be, pro rata with each of them; provided, however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Lender's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Lender's required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without further interest thereon; provided further that, for purposes of this Section 2.13, and subject to Section 2.01(b)(ii), no Lender other than a Canadian Lender that is a Canadian Resident may purchase any portion of or any interest in a Canadian Loan or Bankers' Acceptance. Each Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off, but subject to Section 11.09) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.13 and will in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. 45 2.14 CURRENCY EXCHANGE FLUCTUATIONS. Subject to Section 3.02, if on any Computation Date the Administrative Agent or the Canadian Administrative Agent shall have determined that (a) the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Commitments by more than $3,000,000, or (b) the Total Canadian Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments by more than $3,000,000, in either event due to a change in applicable rates of exchange between Dollars and Canadian Dollars, then the Administrative Agent shall give notice to the Borrowers that a prepayment is required under this Section 2.14, and the Borrowers agree thereupon to make prepayments of Loans such that, after giving effect to such prepayment, the Total Outstandings do not exceed the Aggregate Commitments and the Total Canadian Outstandings do not exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments. No prepayment of Loans is required pursuant to this Section 2.14 or Section 2.05 in the event that the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Commitments by $3,000,000 or less, or the Total Canadian Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments by $3,000,000 or less, in either event solely due to a change in applicable rates of exchange between Dollars and Canadian Dollars. 2.15 INCREASE IN COMMITMENTS. (a) Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the Company may from time to time, request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments (as such term is defined in this Agreement) and the Aggregate Commitments (as such term is defined in the 364-Day Credit Facility) collectively by an aggregate amount (for all such requests) not exceeding $400,000,000; provided, however, that any such increase in the Commitments shall (i) prior to the Revolving Loan Maturity Date (as such term is defined in the 364-Day Credit Facility), be allocated between the Commitments (as such term is defined in this Agreement) and the Commitments (as such term is defined in the 364-Day Credit Facility) on a pro rata basis such that the proportions of each such type of Commitment as a portion of the total Commitments are equal; and (ii) on or after the Revolving Loan Maturity Date (as such term is defined in the 364-Day Credit Facility), be allocated entirely to the Commitments (as such term is defined in this Agreement). At the time of sending such notice, the Company (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders). Each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Pro Rata Share of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and each Lender of the Lenders' responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase, the Company may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.15(a), during the first 90 days following the Closing Date, the Company may invite Eligible Assignees to become Lenders under this Agreement in connection with a requested increase without first providing any Lender with the opportunity to increase its Commitment as provided above. 46 (b) If the Aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section 2.15, the Administrative Agent and the Company shall determine the effective date (the "Increase Effective Date") and the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. As a condition precedent to such increase, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (ii) in the case of the Company, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that, for purposes of this Section 2.15, (1) the representation and warranty contained in Section 5.08(a) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b), respectively, and (2) the reference to the Closing Date in Section 5.05(b) and Section 5.08(b) shall be deemed to refer to the Increase Effective Date and (B) no Default exists. [COMPANY] shall prepay any Committed Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Committed Loans ratable with any revised Pro Rata Shares arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section 2.15. (c) In the event of an increase in Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.15, the provisions of this Section 2.15 shall govern any conflicts with provisions in Sections 2.13 or 11.01. 2.16 UTILIZATION OF COMMITMENTS IN CANADIAN DOLLARS. (a) The Administrative Agent will determine the Dollar Equivalent amount with respect to any (i) Borrowing comprised of Canadian Loans that are Eurodollar Rate Loans as of the date which is three Business Days prior to the date of the requested Borrowing, (ii) Bankers' Acceptance or Borrowing comprised of Canadian Prime Rate Loans, one day prior to the requested date of Borrowing, (iii) outstanding Canadian Loans or Bankers' Acceptances as of the last Business Day of each month, and (iv) conversions to or continuation of Canadian Loans as of the date the related Committed Loan Notice is received by the Canadian Administrative Agent or, if such conversion or continuation is performed in accordance with Section 2.16(b) or Section 3.02, as of, in the case of Section 2.16(b), the date that the request by the Required Lenders is received by the Administrative Agent or, in the case of Section 3.02, the date that the notice by the Administrative Agent is received by the Borrowers and the Lenders (each such date under clauses (i) through (iv) a "Computation Date"). (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, during the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, upon the request of the Required Lenders, all or any part of any outstanding Canadian Loans consisting of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be converted into Canadian Prime Rate Loans with effect from the last day of the Interest Period with respect to any such Canadian Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrowers of any such conversion request. 47 ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 3.01 TAXES. (a) Any and all payments by the Borrowers to or for the account of any Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, in the case of each Agent and each Lender, taxes imposed on or measured by its net income, taxable income, taxable capital or similar measure and franchise taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the Laws of which such Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, is organized or maintains a lending office or carries on business through a permanent establishment (all such non-excluded taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and liabilities being hereinafter referred to as "Taxes"). If the Borrowers shall be required by any Laws to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under any Loan Document to any Agent or any Lender, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01), each of such Agent and such Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Applicable Borrower shall make such deductions, (iii) the Applicable Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable Laws, and (iv) within 30 days after the date of such payment, the Applicable Borrower shall furnish to the Applicable Agent (which shall forward the same to such Lender) the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof. (b) In addition, each Borrower agrees to pay any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary taxes and any other excise or property taxes or charges or similar levies which arise from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document (hereinafter referred to as "Other Taxes"). (c) If a Borrower shall be required to deduct or pay any Taxes or Other Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under any Loan Document to either Agent or any Lender, that Borrower shall also pay to such Agent or to such Lender, as the case may be, at the time interest is paid, such additional amount that such Agent or such Lender specifies is necessary to preserve the after-tax yield (after factoring in all taxes, including taxes imposed on or measured by net income) that such Agent or such Lender would have received if such Taxes or Other Taxes had not been imposed. (d) Each Borrower agrees to indemnify each Agent and each Lender for (i) the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes (including any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 3.01) paid by such Agent and such Lender, (ii) amounts payable under Section 3.01(c) and (iii) any liability (including additions to tax, penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, in each case whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the 48 relevant Governmental Authority. Payment under this Section 3.01(d) shall be made within 30 days after the date the Lender or the Applicable Agent makes a demand therefor. (e) If any Lender or Agent, as applicable, receives a refund (whether by way of a direct payment or by offset) of any Taxes or Other Taxes paid by a Borrower under this Section 3.01 which, in the reasonable good faith judgment of such Lender or Agent, as the case may be, is allocable to such payment, the amount of such refund (net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of such Lender or Agent) shall be paid to such Borrower if (i) payment of the Taxes or Other Taxes being refunded has been made in full as and when required pursuant to this Section 3.01 and (ii) such Borrower agrees in writing to repay the amount of such refund, together with interest thereon, to the applicable Lender or Agent in the event such Lender or Agent is required to repay such refund to the Governmental Authority that imposed the Tax or Other Tax being refunded. 3.02 ILLEGALITY. (a) If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Eurodollar Rate Loans (whether payable in Dollars or Canadian Dollars), or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrowers through the Applicable Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Committed Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, as the case may be, to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Applicable Agent and the Applicable Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Applicable Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Applicable Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, as the case may be, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Applicable Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. (b) Upon any Lender's giving notice and suspending its obligations relating to Eurodollar Rate Loans in accordance with Section 3.02(a), the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.16. 3.03 INABILITY TO DETERMINE RATES. If the Required Lenders determine that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Base Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan, or that the Eurodollar Base Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrowers and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders (including Canadian Lenders) to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate 49 Loans shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, as the case may be, in the amount specified therein. 3.04 INCREASED COST AND REDUCED RETURN; CAPITAL ADEQUACY. (a) If any Lender, including any Canadian Lender, determines that as a result of the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any Law, or such Lender's compliance therewith, in either case after the Closing Date, there shall be any increase in the cost to such Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining Eurodollar Rate Loans, agreeing to accept or accepting, funding or maintaining Drafts or Bankers' Acceptances, or (as the case may be) issuing or participating in Letters of Credit, or a reduction in the amount received or receivable by such Lender in connection with any of the foregoing (excluding for purposes of this Section 3.04(a) any such increased costs or reduction in amount resulting from (i) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to which Section 3.01 shall govern), (ii) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall gross income by the United States or any foreign jurisdiction or any political subdivision of either thereof under the Laws of which such Lender is organized or has its Lending Office, and (iii) reserve requirements utilized in the determination of the Eurodollar Rate), then from time to time upon demand of such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent and the Canadian Administrative Agent, if applicable), the Applicable Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduction; provided that no Lender shall be entitled to receive additional amounts with respect to any period prior to six months prior to making such demand. (b) If any Lender determines that the introduction of any Law regarding capital adequacy or any change therein or in the interpretation thereof, in either case after the Closing Date, or compliance by such Lender (or its Lending Office) therewith, has the effect of reducing the rate of return on the capital of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender as a consequence of such Lender's obligations hereunder (taking into consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy and such Lender's desired return on capital), then from time to time upon demand of such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), the Company shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such reduction; provided that no Lender shall be entitled to receive additional amounts with respect to any period prior to six months prior to making such demand. 3.05 FUNDING LOSSES. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Company shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 50 (b) any failure by a Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Eurodollar Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by such Borrower; or (c) any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 11.16; including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Company to the Lenders under this Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Base Rate used in determining the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 3.06 MATTERS APPLICABLE TO ALL REQUESTS FOR COMPENSATION. (a) A certificate of the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent or any Lender claiming compensation under this Article III and setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In determining such amount, the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. (b) Upon any Lender's making a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or if any Borrower is required to pay amounts to any Lender under Section 3.01 as a result of any Taxes or Other Taxes, in each case the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.16. 3.07 SURVIVAL. All of the Borrowers' obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 4.01 CONDITIONS OF INITIAL CREDIT EXTENSION. The obligation of each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) The Administrative Agent's receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or facsimiles (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its legal counsel: 51 (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Loan Party; (ii) if requested by any Lender at least two Business Days before the Closing Date, a Note executed by the Applicable Borrower in favor of each Lender so requesting a Note; (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers or the corporate secretary or assistant secretary of the Company and Apex Health Distribution Canada as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party; (iv) each of the following documents: (1) the articles or certificate of incorporation and the bylaws of each Borrower as in effect on the Closing Date, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Borrower as of the Closing Date; (2) a good standing and tax good standing certificate for the Company from the applicable Secretary of State (or similar, applicable Governmental Authority) of the States of Delaware and California dated as of a recent date; and (3) a certificate of status for Apex Health Distribution Canada from the Ministry of Consumer and [COMPANY] (Ontario), dated as of a recent date; (v) favorable opinions, addressed to the Agents and the Lenders, of Ivan D. Meyerson, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, as to the matters set forth in Exhibit C and such other matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and Blake, Cassels & [COMPANY], Canadian counsel to the Company and Apex Health Distribution Canada, as to certain matters of Canadian law; (vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company: (1) certifying that: (a) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of such date, as though made on and as of such date; (b) no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the initial Borrowing; (c) there has occurred since March 31, 2002, no event or circumstance that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 52 (2) designating the Closing Date; and (3) indicating the Debt Ratings; (vii) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of Apex Health Distribution Canada certifying that: (1) the representations and warranties of Apex Health Distribution Canada contained in Article V are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date; (2) no Default or Event of Default with respect to Apex Health Distribution Canada or any of its Subsidiaries exists or would result from the initial Borrowing; and (3) there has occurred since March 31, 2002, no event or circumstance with respect to Apex Health Distribution Canada or any of its Subsidiaries that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (viii) evidence that the Existing Credit Agreements have been or concurrently with the Closing Date are being terminated and any amounts outstanding thereunder have been paid in full; and (ix) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Required Lenders reasonably may require. (b) Any fees required by the Loan Documents to be paid to either Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid. (c) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Company shall have paid all Attorney Costs of the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of Attorney Costs as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of Attorney Costs incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Company and the Administrative Agent). (d) The Closing Date shall have occurred on or before October 31, 2002. 4.02 CONDITIONS TO ALL CREDIT EXTENSIONS. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent: (a) The representations and warranties of each Borrower contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and except 53 that for purposes of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.08(a) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant Sections 6.01(a) and (b), respectively. (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension. (c) The Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent, if applicable, and the L/C Issuer, if applicable, shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. (d) In the case of a Drawing Notice or any Loan to be made to Apex Health Distribution Canada, Apex Health Distribution Canada shall be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company. (e) In the case of a Drawing Notice, each of the conditions to the acceptance of the Draft identified in such Drawing Notice that is set forth in Section 2.04 shall have been satisfied. Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) submitted by the Company or, in the case of a Canadian Loan or Bankers' Acceptance, Apex Health Distribution Canada, shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a), (b) and (d) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Borrower represents and warrants (which representations and warranties in the case of Apex Health Distribution Canada shall be limited to Apex Health Distribution Canada and its Subsidiaries and other facts and circumstances known to Apex Health Distribution Canada and its Subsidiaries) to the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent and each Lender that: 5.01 [COMPANY] and each of its Subsidiaries: (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization; (b) has the power and authority and all required governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to own its assets, carry on its business and to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party; (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; and (d) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law; 54 except, (i) with respect to Subsidiaries of the Company other than Material Subsidiaries, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) with respect to the Company and its Material Subsidiaries (A) in each case referred to in clause (c) or clause (d), to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (B) in each case referred to in clause (d), the Disclosed Matters. 5.02 CORPORATE AUTHORIZATION; NO CONTRAVENTION. The execution, delivery and performance by each Borrower of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which such Borrower is party, and any Borrowing as of the date of such Borrowing have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not and will not: (a) contravene the terms of any Borrower's Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, any document evidencing any Contractual Obligation to which any Borrower is a party or any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority to which any Borrower or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Requirement of Law. 5.03 GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Borrower of the Agreement or any other Loan Document. 5.04 BINDING EFFECT. This Agreement and each other Loan Document to which each Borrower is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Borrower, enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 5.05 LITIGATION. Except as disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002 and the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, each as filed with the SEC (including but not limited to the Disclosed Matters), there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending, or to the best knowledge of each Borrower, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against the Company, or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties which: (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; or (b) if determined adversely to the Company or its Subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as of the Closing Date. No injunction, writ, temporary restraining order or any order of any nature has been issued by any court or other 55 Governmental Authority purporting to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or directing that the transactions provided for herein or therein not be consummated as herein or therein provided. 5.06 NO DEFAULT. No Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the incurring of any Obligations by any Borrower. As of the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation in any respect which, individually or together with all such defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as of the Closing Date, or that would, if such default had occurred after the Closing Date, create an Event of Default under Section 8.01(e). 5.07 USE OF PROCEEDS; MARGIN REGULATIONS. The proceeds of the Loans are to be used solely for the purposes set forth in Section 6.10. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is generally engaged in the business of purchasing or selling Margin Stock or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. 5.08 FINANCIAL CONDITION. (a) The (i) [COMPANY] Statements and (ii) unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries dated June 30, 2002, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for the three months ended on that date: (A) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, subject in the case of the unaudited statements to ordinary, good faith year end audit adjustments; (B) fairly present the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and results of operations for the period covered thereby; and (C) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the date thereof required to be shown in accordance with GAAP. (b) As of the Closing Date, since March 31, 2002, there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 5.09 REGULATED ENTITIES. None of the Company, any Person controlling the Company, or any Subsidiary, is an "investment company" within the meaning of the [COMPANY] Act of 1940. Neither Borrower is subject to regulation under the [COMPANY] Act of 1935, the Federal Power Act, the Interstate Commerce Act, any state public utilities code, or any other Federal, state or other statute or regulation limiting its ability to incur Indebtedness. 5.10 NO BURDENSOME RESTRICTIONS. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any Contractual Obligation, or subject to any restriction in any Organization Document, or any Requirement of Law, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 56 5.11 SUBSIDIARIES AND CERTAIN LIENS AS OF THE CLOSING DATE. As of the Closing Date, the Company has no Subsidiaries other than those listed in part (a) of Schedule 5.11 hereto. As of the Closing Date, part (b) of Schedule 5.11 describes all outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries for borrowed money in excess of $25,000,000 that is secured by a Lien existing on property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 5.12 DISCLOSED MATTERS. As of the Closing Date, based on information available to the Company on the Closing Date, it is unlikely that, prior to the Maturity Date, any actions, suits, proceedings or governmental investigations, pending or threatened, comprising or resulting from the Disclosed Matters would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under any Loan Document. ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than Obligations under Section 11.05 that remain contingent after termination of the Commitments and payment of all other Obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit or Bankers' Acceptance shall remain outstanding, unless the Required Lenders waive compliance in writing: 6.01 [COMPANY] shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of Deloitte & [COMPANY] or another nationally-recognized independent certified public accountant, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP and shall not be subject to any "going concern" or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit; and (b) as soon as available, but in any event within 60 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2002, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Company's fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 57 As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(b), the Company shall not be separately required to furnish such information under clause (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Company to furnish the information and materials described in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) at the times specified therein. 6.02 CERTIFICATES; [COMPANY] shall deliver to the Administrative Agent: (a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company; (b) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Company, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Company may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; and (c) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Company or any Subsidiary, including Apex Health Distribution Canada, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(b) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Company posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Company's website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 11.02; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Company's behalf on IntraLinks/IntraAgency or another relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (i) upon request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Company shall deliver to such Person paper copies of such documents and (ii) the Company shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent and each Lender of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in every instance the Company shall be required to provide paper copies of the Compliance Certificates required by Section 6.02(a) to the Administrative Agent. Except for such Compliance Certificates, the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 6.03 [COMPANY] and Apex Health Distribution Canada shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 58 (a) of the occurrence of any Default; (b) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (c) promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Company obtaining knowledge thereof of (i) the institution of, or non-frivolous threat of, any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively "Proceedings") not previously disclosed in writing by the Company to the Lenders or (ii) any material development in any Proceeding that, in the case of clause (i) or (ii) above, (1) if adversely determined, has a reasonable possibility of giving rise to a Material Adverse Effect; or (2) seeks to enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of, or to recover any damages or obtain relief as a result of, the transactions contemplated hereby, together with such other information as may be reasonably available to Company that the Administrative Agent requests to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to evaluate such matters. (d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Company or any Subsidiary; (e) of any announcement by Moody's or S&P of any change or possible change in a Debt Rating; and (f) of (i) the occurrence of any ERISA Event with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount in excess of $15,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, or (ii) the existence of an amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities), which exceeds 3% of Net Worth. Notification delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender by either Borrower under this Section 6.03 shall satisfy the notice obligation of both Borrowers hereunder. Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 6.04 PRESERVATION OF EXISTENCE, [COMPANY] and Apex Health Distribution Canada each shall, and shall cause each of their respective Material Subsidiaries to, (a) preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.02 and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all governmental rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary in the normal conduct of its business, except in connection with transactions permitted by Section 7.02 and except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 59 6.05 [COMPANY] and Apex Health Distribution Canada each shall, and shall cause each of their respective Material Subsidiaries to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance (including self-insurance) with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as the Company reasonably deems prudent from time to time. 6.06 [COMPANY] and Apex Health Distribution Canada each shall, and shall cause each of their respective Material Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets (other than obligations that a Responsible Officer is not aware of or are of a nominal amount), unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary. 6.07 [COMPANY] and Apex Health Distribution Canada each shall, and shall cause each of their respective Material Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with the Requirements of Law applicable to it or to its business, except in such instances in which (a) a Requirement of Law is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6.08 [COMPANY] and Apex Health Distribution Canada each shall, and shall cause each of their respective Material Subsidiaries to, maintain in all material respects proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Company and such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 6.09 [COMPANY] and Apex Health Distribution Canada each shall, and shall cause each of their respective Material Subsidiaries to, permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Company; provided, however, that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the reasonable expense of the Borrowers at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 6.10 USE OF PROCEEDS. The Borrowers shall use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes (including the refinancing of existing indebtedness, acquisitions and commercial paper back-up) not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document. 60 ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than Obligations under Section 11.05 that remain contingent after termination of the Commitments and payment of all other Obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit or Bankers' Acceptance shall remain outstanding, unless the Required Lenders waive compliance in writing: 7.01 [COMPANY] and Apex Health Distribution Canada each shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following ("Permitted Liens"): (a) any Lien existing on property of the Company or any Subsidiary on the Closing Date securing Indebtedness outstanding on such date; (b) any Lien created under any Loan Document; (c) Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; (d) carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', materialmen's, landlords', repairmen's or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty; (e) pledges or deposits required in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA; (f) Liens on the property of the Company or any Subsidiary securing (i) the non-delinquent performance of bids, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, (ii) contingent obligations on surety and appeal bonds, and (iii) other non-delinquent obligations of a like nature; in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided all such Liens in the aggregate would not (even if enforced) cause a Material Adverse Effect; (g) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; (h) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to banker's liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution; provided that (i) such deposit account is not a dedicated cash collateral account and is not subject to restrictions against access by the 61 Company in excess of those set forth by regulations promulgated by the FRB, and (ii) such deposit account is not intended by the Company or any Subsidiary to provide collateral to the depository institution; (i) Any other Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA or any Lien for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges that is not expressly permitted under Section 7.01(c)); provided that the aggregate amount of all Permitted Liens shall not exceed at any time 25% of Net Worth. 7.02 [COMPANY] shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, liquidate, dissolve, merge, amalgamate, consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except: (a) any Subsidiary may merge with the Company, provided that the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation, or with any one or more Subsidiaries, provided that if any transaction shall be between a Subsidiary and a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the Wholly-Owned Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving corporation; (b) Apex Health Distribution Canada or any Subsidiary of Apex Health Distribution Canada may amalgamate with Apex Health Distribution Canada or with any one or more of the Company's Subsidiaries and any of the Company's Subsidiaries may amalgamate with any one or more of the Company's Subsidiaries; (c) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer or exchange all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Company or another Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; and (d) the Company may merge with another Person provided that the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation and no Default or Event of Default is in effect immediately prior to or on the date of or would result from such merger. 7.03 [COMPANY] and Apex Health Distribution Canada each shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, use any Credit Extension, directly or indirectly, (i) to purchase or carry Margin Stock, (ii) to repay or otherwise refinance indebtedness of the Company or others incurred to purchase or carry Margin Stock, (iii) to extend credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock, or (iv) to acquire any security in any transaction that is subject to Section 13 or 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 7.04 [COMPANY] shall not permit the ratio of Total Debt to Total Capitalization as at the last day of any calendar month to exceed 0.565 to 1.00. 62 7.05 [COMPANY] and Apex Health Distribution Canada shall, and shall cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, enter into Swap Contracts only in the ordinary course of business and not for any purpose other than for hedging an underlying agreement. ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 8.01 EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: (a) Non-Payment. Either Borrower fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan, L/C Obligation or Bankers' Acceptance, or (ii) within five days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan, L/C Obligation or Bankers' Acceptance, or any facility, utilization or other fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or (b) [COMPANY] fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.04(a) or Article VII; or (c) Other Defaults. Either Borrower fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b)) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 20 days after the earlier of (i) in the case of any provision in Article VI, the date upon which a Responsible Officer knew of such failure or (ii) the date upon which written notice thereof is given to the Company by the Administrative Agent or any Lenders; or (d) Representations and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of either Borrower herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or (e) Cross-Default. (i) [COMPANY] or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $25,000,000 and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the relevant document on the date of such failure, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $25,000,000 or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the relevant document on the date of such failure, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of 63 notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Company or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Company or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Company or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than $25,000,000; or (f) Insolvency; [COMPANY] or any Material Subsidiary (i) ceases or fails to be solvent, or generally fails to pay, or admits in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, subject to applicable grace periods, if any, whether at stated maturity or otherwise; (ii) voluntarily ceases to conduct its business in the ordinary course; (iii) commences any Insolvency Proceeding with respect to itself; or (iv) takes any action to effectuate or authorize any of the foregoing; or (g) Involuntary Proceedings. (i) Any involuntary Insolvency Proceeding is commenced or filed against the Company or any Material Subsidiary, or any writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process, is issued or levied against a substantial part of the Company's or any Material Subsidiary's properties, and any such proceeding or petition shall not be dismissed, or such writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process shall not be released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty (60) days after commencement, filing or levy; (ii) the Company or any Material Subsidiary admits the material allegations of a petition against it in any Insolvency Proceeding, or an order for relief (or similar order under non-U.S. law) is ordered in any Insolvency Proceeding; or (iii) the Company or any Material Subsidiary acquiesces in the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, mortgagee in possession (or agent therefor), or other similar Person for itself or a substantial portion of its property or business; or (h) ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount in excess of $25,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, or (ii) there shall exist an amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities), which exceeds 5% of Net Worth. 8.02 REMEDIES UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and accept Drafts and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; 64 (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including an amount equal to the Face Amount of all unmatured Bankers' Acceptances) to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower; (c) require that the Company Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and (d) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or applicable law; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, except in the case of Section 8.01(g)(i), in which case upon the expiration of the 60-day period mentioned therein if the curative action mentioned in such clause is not taken, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and accept or discount Drafts or Bankers' Acceptances and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Company to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 8.03 APPLICATION OF FUNDS. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans and other Obligations have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including Attorney Costs and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer in their capacities as such; Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; Third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings and to cash collateralization of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Bankers' Acceptances, in each case ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; 65 Fifth, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit; and Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Applicable Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. Subject to Section 2.03(c), amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 9.01 APPOINTMENT AND AUTHORIZATION OF AGENTS. (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes the Administrative Agent, and each Canadian Lender hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes the Canadian Administrative Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to it by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Loan Document, no Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall either Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against either Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term "agent" herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent and the Canadian Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. (b) The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article IX and under Section 11.05 with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer, or any other Indemnified Liabilities of the L/C Issuer, arising out of or in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term "Administrative Agent" as used in this Article IX and in the definition of "Agent-Related Person" included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions or other Indemnified Liabilities, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C Issuer. 66 9.02 DELEGATION OF DUTIES. Each Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. No Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 9.03 LIABILITY OF AGENTS. No Agent-Related Person shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any Lender or participant for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof, contained herein or in any other Loan Document, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by either Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for any failure of any Loan Party or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Lender or participant to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof. 9.04 RELIANCE BY AGENTS. (a) Each Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution, representation, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, facsimile, telex or telephone message, electronic mail message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent. Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby in any instance) and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders. (b) For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 67 9.05 NOTICE OF DEFAULT. No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest and fees required to be paid to such Agent for the account of the Lenders, unless such Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or a Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default and stating that such notice is a "notice of default." The Administrative Agent will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default as may be directed by the Required Lenders in accordance with Article VIII; provided, however, that unless and until the Administrative Agent has received any such direction, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default as it shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the Lenders. 9.06 CREDIT DECISION; DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION BY AGENTS. Each Lender acknowledges that no Agent-Related Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Agents hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material information in their possession. Each Lender represents to the Agents that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to any Borrower hereunder. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of any Borrower. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by an Agent herein, no Agent shall have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related Person. 9.07 INDEMNIFICATION OF AGENTS. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders shall indemnify upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), pro rata, and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it; provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities to the extent determined in a final, nonappealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent-Related Person's own gross negligence or willful misconduct; provided, however, that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for 68 purposes of this Section 9.07. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse the Agents upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by either Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that such Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Borrowers. The undertaking in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations and the resignation of either Agent. 9.08 AGENTS IN THEIR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITIES. Bank of America, BA Canada and their respective Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire equity interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting or other business with each of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates as though Bank of America were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and BA Canada were not the Canadian Administrative Agent hereunder and without notice to or consent of the Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, Bank of America, BA Canada or one of their Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that no Agent shall be under any obligation to provide such information to them. With respect to their Loans, Bank of America and BA Canada shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise such rights and powers as though Bank of America were not the Administrative Agent and BA Canada were not the Canadian Administrative Agent hereunder, and the terms "Lender" and "Lenders" include Bank of America and BA Canada in their individual capacities. 9.09 SUCCESSOR AGENTS. Either Agent may resign as an Agent upon 30 days' notice to the Lenders. If the Administrative Agent or the Canadian Administrative Agent resigns under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders, which successor agent shall be consented to by the Company at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default (which consent of the Company shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). If no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of such Agent, such Agent may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders and the Company, a successor agent from among the Lenders. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor agent hereunder, the Person acting as such successor agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers and duties of the retiring Agent and, if the Administrative Agent has resigned, the term "Administrative Agent" shall mean such successor administrative agent and, if the Canadian Administrative Agent has resigned, the term "Canadian Administrative Agent" shall mean such successor Canadian administrative agent and the retiring Agent's appointment, powers and duties as Agent shall be terminated. After any retiring Agent's resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Article IX and Sections 11.04 and 11.05 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as Agent by the date which is 30 days following a retiring Agent's notice of resignation, the retiring Agent's resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of the Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above. 69 9.10 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT MAY FILE PROOFS OF CLAIM. In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan, Bankers' Acceptance or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(i) and (j), 2.09 and 11.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 11.04. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 9.11 OTHER AGENTS; ARRANGERS AND MANAGERS. None of the Lenders or other Persons identified on the facing page or signature pages of this Agreement as a "syndication agent," "documentation agent," "co-agent," "book manager," "lead manager," "arranger," "lead arranger" or "co-arranger" shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than, in the case of such Lenders, those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. 70 ARTICLE X. THE COMPANY'S GUARANTY OF MCKESSON CANADA'S OBLIGATIONS 10.01 [COMPANY] hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guaranties, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, the due and punctual payment in full of all Guarantied Obligations when the same shall become due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise (including amounts that would become due but for the operation of the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 362(a)). The term "Guarantied Obligations" is used herein in its most comprehensive sense and includes: (a) any and all Obligations of Apex Health Distribution Canada now or hereafter made, incurred or created, whether absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether due or not due, and however arising under or in connection with this Agreement, the Notes and Drafts issued by Apex Health Distribution Canada and the other Loan Documents, including those arising under successive borrowing transactions under this Agreement which shall either continue the Obligations of Apex Health Distribution Canada or from time to time renew them after they have been satisfied; and (b) those expenses set forth in Section 10.08. 10.02 [COMPANY] agrees that its obligations under this Company Guaranty are irrevocable, absolute, independent and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance which constitutes a legal or equitable discharge of a guarantor or surety other than indefeasible payment in full of the Guarantied Obligations. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the Company agrees as follows: (a) [COMPANY] Guaranty is a guaranty of payment when due and not of collectibility. (b) The Administrative Agent may enforce this Company Guaranty upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under this Agreement notwithstanding the existence of any dispute between Lenders and any Borrower with respect to the existence of such Event of Default. (c) The obligations of the Company under this Company Guaranty are independent of the obligations of Apex Health Distribution Canada under the Loan Documents and the obligations of any other guarantor of the obligations of Apex Health Distribution Canada under the Loan Documents, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against the Company whether or not any action is brought against Apex Health Distribution Canada or any of such other guarantors and whether or not Apex Health Distribution Canada is joined in any such action or actions. (d) [COMPANY]'s payment of a portion, but not all, of the Guarantied Obligations shall in no way limit, affect, modify or abridge the Company's liability for any portion of the Guarantied Obligations that has not been paid. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent is awarded a judgment in any suit brought to enforce the Company's covenant to pay a portion of the Guarantied Obligations, such judgment shall not be deemed to 71 release the Company from its covenant to pay the portion of the Guarantied Obligations that is not the subject of such suit. (e) Any Agent or any Lender, upon such terms as it deems appropriate, without notice or demand and without affecting the validity or enforceability of this Company Guaranty or giving rise to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination of the Company's liability under this Company Guaranty, from time to time may (i) renew, extend, accelerate, increase the rate of interest on, or otherwise change the time, place, manner or terms of payment of the Guarantied Obligations, (ii) settle, compromise, release or discharge, or accept or refuse any offer of performance with respect to, or substitutions for, the Guarantied Obligations or any agreement relating thereto and/or subordinate the payment of the same to the payment of any other obligations; (iii) request and accept other guaranties of the Guarantied Obligations and take and hold security for the payment of this Company Guaranty or the Guarantied Obligations; (iv) release, surrender, exchange, substitute, compromise, settle, rescind, waive, alter, subordinate or modify, with or without consideration, any security for payment of the Guarantied Obligations, any other guaranties of the Guarantied Obligations, or any other obligation of any Person with respect to the Guarantied Obligations; (v) enforce and apply any security now or hereafter held by or for the benefit of the Agents or any Lender in respect of this Company Guaranty or the Guarantied Obligations and direct the order or manner of sale thereof, or exercise any other right or remedy that the Agents or the Lenders, or any of them, may have against any such security, as the Administrative Agent in its discretion may determine consistent with this Agreement and any applicable security agreement, including foreclosure on any such security pursuant to one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, whether or not every aspect of any such sale is commercially reasonable, and even though such action operates to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of the Company against Apex Health Distribution Canada or any security for the Guarantied Obligations; and (vi) exercise any other rights available to it under the Loan Documents. This Section 10.02(e) shall not modify Section 11.01. (f) [COMPANY] Guaranty and the obligations of the Company hereunder shall be valid and enforceable and shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination for any reason (other than indefeasible payment in full of the Guarantied Obligations), including without limitation the occurrence of any of the following, whether or not the Company shall have had notice or knowledge of any of them: (i) any failure or omission to assert or enforce or agreement or election not to assert or enforce, or the stay or enjoining, by order of court, by operation of law or otherwise, of the exercise or enforcement of, any claim or demand or any right, power or remedy (whether arising under the Loan Documents, at law, in equity or otherwise) with respect to the Guarantied Obligations or any agreement relating thereto, or with respect to any other guaranty of or security for the payment of the Guarantied Obligations; (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any consent to departure from, any of the terms or provisions (including without limitation provisions relating to events of default) of this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument executed pursuant thereto, or of any other guaranty or security for the Guarantied Obligations, in each case whether or not in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or such Loan Document or any agreement relating to such other guaranty or security; (iii) the Guarantied Obligations, or any agreement relating thereto, at any time being found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect; (iv) the application of payments received from any source (other 72 than payments received pursuant to the other Loan Documents or from the proceeds of any security for the Guarantied Obligations, except to the extent such security also serves as collateral for indebtedness other than the Guarantied Obligations) to the payment of indebtedness other than the Guarantied Obligations, even though the Agents or the Lenders, or any of them, might have elected to apply such payment to any part or all of the Guarantied Obligations; (v) any Lender's or Agent's consent to the change, reorganization or termination of the corporate structure or existence of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and to any corresponding restructuring of the Guarantied Obligations; (vi) any failure to perfect or continue perfection of a security interest in any collateral which secures any of the Guarantied Obligations; (vii) any defenses, set-offs or counterclaims which Apex Health Distribution Canada may allege or assert against any Agent or any Lender in respect of the Guarantied Obligations, including but not limited to failure of consideration, breach of warranty, payment, statute of frauds, statute of limitations, accord and satisfaction and usury; and (viii) any other act or thing or omission, or delay to do any other act or thing, which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Company as an obligor in respect of the Guarantied Obligations. 10.03 [COMPANY] hereby waives with respect to the Guarantied Obligations, for the benefit of the Lenders and the Agents: (a) any right to require any Agent or any Lender, as a condition of payment or performance by the Company, to (i) proceed against Apex Health Distribution Canada, any other guarantor of the Guarantied Obligations or any other Person, (ii) proceed against or exhaust any security held from Apex Health Distribution Canada, any other guarantor of the Guarantied Obligations or any other Person, (iii) proceed against or have resort to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of any Agent or any Lender in favor of Apex Health Distribution Canada or any other Person, or (iv) pursue any other remedy in the power of any Agent or any Lender whatsoever; (b) any defense arising by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority or any disability or other defense of Apex Health Distribution Canada including, without limitation, any defense based on or arising out of the lack of validity or the unenforceability of the Guarantied Obligations or any agreement or instrument relating thereto or by reason of the cessation of the liability of Apex Health Distribution Canada from any cause other than indefeasible payment in full of the Guarantied Obligations; (c) any defense based upon any statute or rule of law which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal; (d) any defense based upon any Agent's or any Lender's errors or omissions in the administration of the Guarantied Obligations, except behavior which amounts to bad faith; (e) (i) any principles or provisions of law, statutory or otherwise, which are or might be in conflict with the terms of this Guaranty and any legal or equitable discharge of the Company's obligations hereunder, (ii) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting the Company's liability hereunder or the enforcement hereof, (iii) any rights to set-offs, recoupments and counterclaims, and (iv) promptness, diligence and any requirement that any Agent or any 73 Lender protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto; (f) notices, demands, presentments, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and notices of any action or inaction, including acceptance of this Guaranty, notices of default under this Agreement or any agreement or instrument related thereto, notices of any renewal, extension or modification of the Guarantied Obligations or any agreement related thereto, notices of any extension of credit to Apex Health Distribution Canada and notices of any of the matters referred to in Section 10.02 and any right to consent to any thereof; and (g) any defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by law which limit the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, or which may conflict with the terms of this Company Guaranty, including without limitation, in accordance with Section 2856 of the California Civil Code, the provisions of California Civil Code Sections 2787-2855, inclusive, 2899 and 3433. 10.04 PAYMENT BY THE COMPANY; [COMPANY] hereby agrees, in furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which the Administrative Agent or any other Person may have at law or in equity against the Company by virtue hereof, that upon the failure of Apex Health Distribution Canada to pay any of the Guarantied Obligations when and as the same shall become due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise (including amounts that would become due but for the operation of the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 362(a)), the Company will upon demand pay, or cause to be paid, in cash, to the Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders holding the Guarantied Obligations, an amount equal to the sum of the unpaid principal amount of all Guarantied Obligations then due as aforesaid, accrued and unpaid interest on such Guarantied Obligations (including, without limitation, interest which, but for the filing of a petition in bankruptcy with respect to Apex Health Distribution Canada, would have accrued on such Guarantied Obligations, whether or not a claim is allowed against Apex Health Distribution Canada for such interest in any such bankruptcy proceeding) and all other Guarantied Obligations then owed to the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders as aforesaid. All such payments shall be applied promptly from time to time by the Administrative Agent: First, to the payment of the costs and expenses of any collection or other realization under this Company Guaranty, including reasonable compensation to the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and all expenses, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith; Second, to the payment of all other Guarantied Obligations to each Lender holding Guarantied Obligations its applicable share as provided in this Agreement; and Third, after payment in full of all Guarantied Obligations, to the payment to the Company, or its successors or assigns, or to whosoever may be lawfully entitled to receive the same or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct, of any surplus then remaining from such payments. 74 10.05 GUARANTOR'S RIGHTS OF SUBROGATION, CONTRIBUTION, ETC. Until the Guarantied Obligations shall have been indefeasibly paid in full and the Commitments shall have terminated, the Company shall withhold exercise of (a) any claim, right or remedy, direct or indirect, the Company now has or may hereafter have against Apex Health Distribution Canada or any of its assets in connection with this Company Guaranty or the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, in each case whether such claim, right or remedy arises in equity, under contract, by statute (including without limitation under California Civil Code Section 2847, 2848 or 2849), under common law or otherwise and including without limitation (i) any right of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification that the Company now has or may hereafter have against Apex Health Distribution Canada, (ii) any right to enforce, or to participate in, any claim, right or remedy that any Agent or any Lender now has or may hereafter have against Apex Health Distribution Canada, and (iii) any benefit of, and any right to participate in, any collateral or security now or hereafter held by any Agent or any Lender, and (b) any right of contribution the Company may have against any other guarantor of the Guarantied Obligations (including without limitation any such right of contribution under California Civil Code Section 2848). [COMPANY] further agrees that, to the extent the agreement to withhold the exercise of its rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnification and contribution as set forth herein is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void or voidable for any reason, any rights of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification the Company may have against Apex Health Distribution Canada or against any collateral or security, and any rights of contribution the Company may have against any such other guarantor, shall be junior and subordinate to any rights any Agent or any Lender may have against Apex Health Distribution Canada, to all right, title and interest any Agent or any Lender may have in any such collateral or security, and to any right any Agent or any Lender may have against such other guarantor. Each Agent, on behalf of Lenders, may use, sell or dispose of any item of collateral or security as it sees fit without regard to any subrogation rights the Company may have, and upon any such disposition or sale any rights of subrogation against such collateral the Company may have shall terminate. If any amount shall be paid to the Company on account of any such subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification rights at any time when all Guarantied Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held in trust for the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders and shall forthwith be paid over to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders to be credited and applied against the Guarantied Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms hereof. 10.06 SUBORDINATION OF OTHER OBLIGATIONS. Any indebtedness of Apex Health Distribution Canada now or hereafter held by the Company is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantied Obligations, and any such indebtedness of Apex Health Distribution Canada to the Company collected or received by the Company after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing shall be held in trust for the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders and shall forthwith be paid over to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders to be credited and applied against the Guarantied Obligations but without affecting, impairing or limiting in any manner the liability of the Company under any other provision of this Guaranty. 10.07 [COMPANY] agrees that, if all or a portion of the Guarantied Obligations or any other guaranty of all or a portion of the Guarantied Obligations are at any time secured by a deed of trust or mortgage covering interests in real property, the Administrative Agent or its designee, in its sole discretion, without notice or demand and without affecting the liability of the Company, may foreclose, pursuant to the terms of the Loan 75 Documents or otherwise, on any such deed of trust or mortgage and the property described therein by nonjudicial or other sale. Without limiting any of the waivers contained elsewhere herein, the Company hereby waives any defense to liability arising by reason of the exercise by the Lenders or the Administrative Agent, or any of them, of any right or remedy contained in any such deed of trust or mortgage or any of the other [COMPANY] waives all rights and defenses arising out of an election of remedies by the Lenders or the Administrative Agent, even though the election of remedies, such as a nonjudicial foreclosure with respect to security for a Guarantied Obligation, has destroyed the Company's rights of subrogation and reimbursement against Apex Health Distribution Canada by the operation of Section 580d of the California Code of Civil Procedure or otherwise. 10.08 [COMPANY] agrees to pay, or cause to be paid, on demand, and to save the Administrative Agent and the Lenders harmless against liability for, any and all reasonable costs and expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel and allocated costs of internal counsel) incurred or expended by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the enforcement of or preservation of any rights under this Company Guaranty. 10.09 CONTINUING GUARANTY; [COMPANY] Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall remain in effect until all of the Guarantied Obligations shall have been indefeasibly paid in full and the Commitments shall have terminated. [COMPANY] hereby irrevocably waives any right (including without limitation any such right arising under California Civil Code Section 2815) to revoke this Company Guaranty as to future transactions giving rise to any Guarantied Obligations. 10.10 AUTHORITY OF THE COMPANY OR MCKESSON CANADA. It is not necessary for any Lender or any Agent to inquire into the capacity or powers of Apex Health Distribution Canada or the officers, directors or any agents acting or purporting to act on behalf of any of them. 10.11 FINANCIAL CONDITION OF MCKESSON CANADA. Any extensions of credit may be granted to Apex Health Distribution Canada or continued from time to time without notice to or authorization from the Company regardless of the financial or other condition of Apex Health Distribution Canada at the time of any such grant or continuation. No Lender or Agent shall have any obligation to disclose or discuss with the Company their assessment, or the Company's assessment, of the financial condition of [COMPANY] has adequate means to obtain information from Apex Health Distribution Canada on a continuing basis concerning the financial condition of Apex Health Distribution Canada and its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents, and the Company assumes the responsibility for being and keeping informed of the financial condition of Apex Health Distribution Canada and of all circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the [COMPANY] hereby waives and relinquishes any duty on the part of any Agent or any Lender to disclose any matter, fact or thing relating to the business, operations or conditions of Apex Health Distribution Canada now known or hereafter known by any Agent or any Lender. 10.12 RIGHTS CUMULATIVE. The rights, powers and remedies given to the Lenders and the Agents by this Company Guaranty are cumulative and shall be in addition to and independent of all rights, powers and remedies given to any Lender and any Agent by virtue of any statute or rule of law or in any of the other Loan Documents or any agreement between the Company and any Lender and/or any Agent or between Apex Health Distribution Canada and any Lender and/or any Agent. 76 Any forbearance or failure to exercise, and any delay by any Lender or any Agent in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall not impair any such right, power or remedy or be construed to be a waiver thereof, nor shall it preclude the further exercise of any such right, power or remedy. 10.13 BANKRUPTCY; POST-PETITION INTEREST; REINSTATEMENT OF GUARANTY. (a) So long as any Guarantied Obligations remain outstanding, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, commence or join with any other Person in commencing any bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency proceedings of or against Apex Health Distribution Canada. The obligations of the Company under this Company Guaranty shall not be reduced, limited, impaired, discharged, deferred, suspended or terminated by any proceeding, voluntary or involuntary, involving the bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization, liquidation or arrangement of Apex Health Distribution Canada or by any defense which Apex Health Distribution Canada may have by reason of the order, decree or decision of any court or administrative body resulting from any such proceeding. (b) [COMPANY] acknowledges and agrees that any interest on any portion of the Guarantied Obligations which accrues after the commencement of any proceeding referred to in clause (a) above (or, if interest on any portion of the Guarantied Obligations ceases to accrue by operation of law by reason of the commencement of said proceeding, such interest as would have accrued on such portion of the Guarantied Obligations if said proceedings had not been commenced) shall be included in the Guarantied Obligations because it is the intention of the Company and the Administrative Agent that the Guarantied Obligations which are guarantied by the Company pursuant to this Guaranty should be determined without regard to any rule of law or order which may relieve Apex Health Distribution Canada of any portion of such [COMPANY] will permit any trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, debtor in possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar person to pay the Administrative Agent, or allow the claim of the Administrative Agent in respect of, any such interest accruing after the date on which such proceeding is commenced. (c) In the event that all or any portion of the Guarantied Obligations are paid by Apex Health Distribution Canada, the obligations of the Company hereunder shall continue and remain in full force and effect or be reinstated, as the case may be, in the event that all or any part of such payment(s) are rescinded or recovered directly or indirectly from any Agent or any Lender as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise, and any such payments which are so rescinded or recovered shall constitute Guarantied Obligations for all purposes under this Company Guaranty. ARTICLE XI. MISCELLANEOUS 11.01 AMENDMENTS, ETC. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Company or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific 77 instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: (a) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01(a) (other than any condition pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(ix)) without the written consent of each Lender; (b) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) or increase or extend the obligation of any Lender to accept Drafts except as permitted by Section 2.15, in each case without the written consent of such Lender; (c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder (including a decrease in any amount payable in respect of the Bankers' Acceptance Facility) or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (v) of the second proviso to this Section 11.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided, however, that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of "Default Rate" or to waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest at the Default Rate; (e) change Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender; (f) change any provision of this Section 11.01 or the definition of "Required Lenders" or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; or (g) release the Company from the Company Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender; and, provided further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Letter of Credit Application relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Canadian Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Canadian Administrative Agent under this Agreement; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iv) Section 11.07(h) may not be amended, waived or otherwise modified without the consent of each Granting Lender all or any part of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment, waiver or other modification; and (v) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, only in a writing executed by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 78 herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender. 11.02 NOTICES AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS; FACSIMILE COPIES. (a) General. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission). All such written notices shall be mailed, faxed or delivered to the applicable address, facsimile number or (subject to Section 11.02(c)) electronic mail address, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: (i) if to the Company, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Canadian Administrative Agent, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 11.02 or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties; and (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the Company, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Canadian Administrative Agent. All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to be given or made upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the relevant party hereto and (ii) (A) if delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by or on behalf of the relevant party hereto; (B) if delivered by mail, four Business Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid; (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone; and (D) if delivered by electronic mail (which form of delivery is subject to the provisions of Section 11.02(c)), when delivered; provided, however, that notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Canadian Administrative Agent pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until actually received by such Person. In no event shall a voicemail message be effective as a notice, communication or confirmation hereunder. (b) Effectiveness of Facsimile Documents and Signatures. Loan Documents may be transmitted and/or signed by facsimile. The effectiveness of any such documents and signatures shall, subject to applicable Law, have the same force and effect as manually-signed originals and shall be binding on all Loan Parties, the Agents and the Lenders. An Agent may also require that any such documents and signatures be confirmed by a manually-signed original thereof; provided, however, that the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any facsimile document or signature. (c) Limited Use of Electronic Mail. Electronic mail and Internet and intranet websites may be used only to distribute routine communications, such as financial statements 79 and other information as provided in Section 6.02, and to distribute Loan Documents for execution by the parties thereto, and may not be used for any other purpose. (d) Reliance by Agents and Lenders. Each Agent and Lender shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Drawing Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company or Apex Health Distribution Canada which such Agent or Lender believes in good faith to have been given by a duly authorized officer or other person authorized to borrow on behalf of the Applicable Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. Each Borrower shall indemnify each Agent-Related Person and each Lender from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of such Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other communications with an Agent may be recorded by such Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 11.03 NO WAIVER; CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. No failure by any Lender or the Agents to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 11.04 ATTORNEY COSTS, EXPENSES AND TAXES. The Borrowers agree, jointly and severally, (a) to pay or reimburse the Agents for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the development, preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including all Attorney Costs, and (b) to pay or reimburse the Agents and each Lender for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement, attempted enforcement, or preservation of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any "workout" or restructuring in respect of the Obligations and during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law), including all Attorney Costs. The foregoing costs and expenses shall include all search, filing, recording, title insurance and appraisal charges and fees and taxes related thereto, and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents and the cost of independent public accountants and other outside experts retained by the Agents or any Lender. All amounts due under this Section 11.04 shall be payable within 20 Business Days after demand therefor. The agreements in this Section 11.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. 11.05 INDEMNIFICATION BY THE BORROWERS. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Borrowers shall jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person, each Lender and their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents and attorneys-in-fact (collectively the "Indemnitees") from 80 and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements (including Attorney Costs) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any such Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with (a) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance or administration of any Loan Document or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, (b) any Commitment, Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), or related to any Canadian Dollar transactions or (c) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding) and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing, collectively, the "Indemnified Liabilities"); provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements which (i) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (ii) result from claims by a Borrower against such Indemnitee that are successful on the merits as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement, nor shall any Indemnitee have any liability for any indirect or consequential damages relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the Closing Date). All amounts due under this Section 11.05 shall be payable within 20 Business Days after demand therefor. The agreements in this Section 11.05 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 11.06 PAYMENTS SET ASIDE. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of a Borrower is made to either Agent or any Lender, or either Agent or any Lender exercises its right of set-off, and such payment or the proceeds of such set-off or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by an Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such set-off had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Applicable Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by such Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to (A) in the case of Domestic Loans and L/C Credit Extensions, the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect and (B) in the case of Canadian Loans and Bankers' Acceptance Credit Extensions, the Overnight Canadian Rate from time to time in effect. 81 11.07 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrowers may not assign or otherwise transfer any of their rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.07(b), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.07(d), (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Sections 11.07(f) and (i), or (iv) to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.07(h) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 11.07(d) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 11.07(b), participations in L/C Obligations) at the time owing to it); provided that (i) except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if "Trade Date" is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); (ii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, (iii) any assignment of a Commitment must be approved by the Administrative Agent unless the Person that is the proposed assignee is itself a Lender (whether or not the proposed assignee would otherwise qualify as an Eligible Assignee); and (iv) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.07(c), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, 11.04 and 11.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Upon request, each Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. 82 Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 11.07(b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 11.07(d). (c) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent's Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the "Register"). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. (d) In addition to sales of Canadian Participations by Canadian Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(b)(ii), any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or either Borrower or any of the Borrowers' Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a "Participant") in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender's participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); provided that (i) unless a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company shall have approved the sale of participations to such Person (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); (ii) no participations in Canadian Loans or Bankers' Acceptances shall be sold to any Person that is not a Canadian Resident; (iii) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (iv) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (v) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement; provided further that clauses (i) through (v) of the foregoing proviso are not applicable to Canadian Participations. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 11.01 that directly affects such Participant. Subject to Section 11.07(e), the Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 11.07(b). To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.09 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. (e) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Company's prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 unless the Company is 83 notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Company, to comply with Section 11.15 as though it were a Lender. (f) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. (g) As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings: "Eligible Assignee" means (a) a Lender; (b) an Affiliate of a Lender; and (c) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Administrative Agent, and (ii) unless a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) "Eligible Assignee" shall not include either Borrower or any of the Borrowers' Affiliates or Subsidiaries and (ii) in the case of clauses (a) and (b), no such Lender or Affiliate shall be an Eligible Assignee for purposes of Canadian Loans or Bankers' Acceptances unless such Person is a Canadian Resident. (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a "Granting Lender") may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Company (an "SPC") the option to provide all or any part of any Committed Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund any Committed Loan, and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Committed Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Committed Loan pursuant to the terms hereof; provided further that no such grant to an SPC shall impose Taxes or Other Taxes on either Borrower. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Company under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 3.04), (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable, and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes, including the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document, remain the lender of record hereunder. The making of a Committed Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Committed Loan were made by such Granting Lender. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior debt of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, or liquidation proceeding under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without prior consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or any portion 84 of its right to receive payment with respect to any Committed Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Committed Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety or Guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Note, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations or securities, provided that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of this Section 11.07, (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under the Loan Documents even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise. For purposes of this Section 11.07(i), "Fund" means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. (j) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Wachovia Bank, National Association assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to Section 11.07(b), Wachovia Bank, National Association may, upon 30 days' notice to the Company and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer. In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer, the Company shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer hereunder; provided, however, that no failure by the Company to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Wachovia Bank, National Association as L/C Issuer. In the event that each Lender selected by the Company as L/C Issuer declines the appointment, Bank of America shall become the L/C Issuer, without further action by the Company or the Lenders. If Wachovia Bank, National Association resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights and obligations of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). 11.08 CONFIDENTIALITY. Each of the Agents and Lenders agrees to maintain, and to cause its Affiliates (including any Agent-Related Persons) to maintain, the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates' directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential); (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Person; (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (d) to any other party to this Agreement; (e) to the extent reasonably required, in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder; (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 11.08, to (i) any Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any direct or indirect contractual 85 counterparty or prospective counterparty (or such contractual counterparty's or prospective counterparty's professional advisor) to any credit derivative transaction relating to obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents; (g) with the consent of the Company; or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 11.08 or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company; provided, however, that to the extent permitted by applicable law or regulation, each of the Agents and Lenders agrees to notify the Company prior to (if reasonably practicable) or concurrently with its disclosure of such information to any third party pursuant to clauses (c) and (f). In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and public information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Commitments, and the Credit Extensions. For the purposes of this Section 11.08, "Information" means all information received from any Loan Party relating to any Loan Party or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by any Loan Party; provided that, in the case of information received from a Loan Party after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 11.08 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 11.09 SET-OFF. In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Lender is authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to the Borrowers, any such notice being waived by the Borrowers to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held by, and other indebtedness at any time owing by, such Lender to or for the credit or the account of the respective Loan Parties against any and all Obligations owing to such Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document, now or hereafter existing, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have made demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that of the applicable deposit or indebtedness. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and application made by such Lender; provided, however, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 11.10 INTEREST RATE LIMITATION. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the "Maximum Rate"). If either Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Applicable Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize 86 any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 11.11 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 11.12 INTEGRATION. This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, comprises the complete and integrated agreement of the parties on the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, on such subject matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control; provided that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Agents or the Lenders in any other Loan Document shall not be deemed a conflict with this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof. 11.13 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by each Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by either Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that either Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 11.14 SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 11.15 TAX FORMS. (a) (i) Each Lender that is not a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (a "Foreign Lender") shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, prior to receipt of any payment subject to withholding under the Code (or upon accepting an assignment of an interest herein), two duly signed completed copies of either IRS Form W-8BEN or any successor thereto (relating to such Foreign Lender and entitling it to an exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax on all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Company pursuant to this Agreement) or IRS Form W-8ECI or any successor thereto (relating to all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement) or such other evidence satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative 87 Agent that such Foreign Lender is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. withholding tax, including any exemption pursuant to Section 881(c) of the Code. Thereafter and from time to time, each such Foreign Lender shall (A) promptly submit to the Administrative Agent such additional duly completed and signed copies of one of such forms (or such successor forms as shall be adopted from time to time by the relevant United States taxing authorities) as may then be available under then current United States laws and regulations to avoid, or such evidence as is satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent of any available exemption from or reduction of, United States withholding taxes in respect of all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, (B) promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction, and (C) take such steps as shall not be materially disadvantageous to it, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, and as may be reasonably necessary (including the re-designation of its Lending Office) to avoid any requirement of applicable Laws that the Company make any deduction or withholding for taxes from amounts payable to such Foreign Lender. (ii) Each Foreign Lender, to the extent it does not act or ceases to act for its own account with respect to any portion of any sums paid or payable to such Lender under any of the Loan Documents (for example, in the case of a typical participation by such Lender), shall deliver to the Administrative Agent on the date when such Foreign Lender ceases to act for its own account with respect to any portion of any such sums paid or payable, and at such other times as may be necessary in the determination of the Administrative Agent (in the reasonable exercise of its discretion), (A) two duly signed completed copies of the forms or statements required to be provided by such Lender as set forth above, to establish the portion of any such sums paid or payable with respect to which such Lender acts for its own account that is not subject to U.S. withholding tax, and (B) two duly signed completed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor thereto), together with any information such Lender chooses to transmit with such form, and any other certificate or statement of exemption required under the Code, to establish that such Lender is not acting for its own account with respect to a portion of any such sums payable to such Lender. (iii) [COMPANY] shall not be required to pay any additional amount to any Foreign Lender under Section 3.01 (A) with respect to any Taxes required to be deducted or withheld on the basis of the information, certificates or statements of exemption such Lender transmits with an IRS Form W-8IMY pursuant to this Section 11.15(a) or (B) if such Lender shall have failed to satisfy the foregoing provisions of this Section 11.15(a); provided that if such Lender shall have satisfied the requirement of this Section 11.15(a) on the date such Lender became a Lender or ceased to act for its own account with respect to any payment under any of the Loan Documents, nothing in this Section 11.15(a) shall relieve the Company of its obligation to pay any amounts pursuant to Section 3.01 in the event that, as a result of any subsequent change in any applicable law, treaty or governmental rule, regulation or order, or any subsequent change in the interpretation, administration or application thereof, such Lender is no longer properly entitled to deliver forms, certificates or other evidence at a subsequent date establishing the fact that such Lender or other Person for the account of which such Lender receives any sums payable under any of the Loan Documents is not subject to withholding or is subject to withholding at a reduced rate. 88 (iv) The Administrative Agent may, without reduction, withhold any Taxes required to be deducted and withheld from any payment under any of the Loan Documents with respect to which the Company is not required to pay additional amounts under this Section 11.15(a). (b) Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, each Lender that is a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Administrative Agent two duly signed completed copies of IRS Form W-9. If such Lender fails to deliver such forms, then the Administrative Agent may withhold from any interest payment to such Lender an amount equivalent to the applicable back-up withholding tax imposed by the Code, without reduction. (c) If any Governmental Authority asserts that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold or backup withhold, as the case may be, any tax or other amount from payments made to or for the account of any Lender, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent therefor, including all penalties and interest, any taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on the amounts payable to the Administrative Agent under this Section 11.15, and costs and expenses (including Attorney Costs) of the Administrative Agent. The obligation of the Lenders under this Section 11.15 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and the resignation of the Administrative Agent. (d) Each Canadian Lender hereby represents and warrants that it is a Canadian Resident, and each Canadian Lender agrees that if the foregoing representation is inaccurate with respect to such Canadian Lender in any material respect, then the Applicable Borrower shall not be required to pay to such Canadian Lender any amounts pursuant to Section 3.01 relating to any Taxes resulting solely from such inaccuracy. If a Borrower is required to pay amounts to any Canadian Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 (whether by reason of such Canadian Lender's change of status or otherwise), then such Canadian Lender shall use reasonable efforts (consistent with legal and regulatory restrictions) to take such actions as are necessary to minimize such Borrower's obligations under Article III, if such actions, in the sole judgment of such Canadian Lender, are not otherwise disadvantageous to such Canadian Lender. 11.16 REPLACEMENT OF LENDERS. Under any circumstances set forth herein providing that the Company shall have the right to replace a Lender as a party to this Agreement, or if the Administrative Agent and the Company have mutually determined that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, in either case the Company may, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, replace such Lender by causing such Lender to assign its Commitment (with the assignment fee to be paid by the Company in such instance) pursuant to Section 11.07(b) to one or more other Lenders or Eligible Assignees procured by the Company; provided, however, that if the Company elects to exercise such right with respect to any Lender pursuant to Section 3.06(b), it shall be obligated to replace all Lenders that have made similar requests for compensation pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04. [COMPANY] shall (i) pay in full all principal, interest, fees and other amounts owing to such Lender through the date of replacement (including any amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.05), (ii) provide appropriate assurances and indemnities (which may include letters of credit) to the L/C Issuer as each may reasonably require with respect to any continuing 89 obligation to fund participation interests in any L/C Obligations then outstanding, and (iii) release such Lender from its obligations under the Loan Documents. Any Lender being replaced shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Lender's Commitment and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations. 11.17 GOVERNING LAW. (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, the LAW OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State; PROVIDED THAT THE AgentS, THE L/C ISSUER AND EACH LENDER SHALL RETAIN ALL RIGHTS ARISING UNDER FEDERAL LAW. (b) ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE BORROWERS, THE Agents, THE L/C ISSUER AND EACH LENDER CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. THE BORROWERS, THE Agents, THE l/c issuer AND EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO. THE BORROWERS, THE AgentS, THE L/C ISSUER AND EACH LENDER WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF SUCH STATE. (c) The Borrowers expressly require that this document and all documents accessory hereto be drawn up in English and each Agent and each Lender, because of the customer's requirement and by making such documents available to the customer in the English language, expresses the same requirement. Les Emprunteurs requierent expressement que ce document et tous les documents qui s'y rapportent soient rediges en langue anglaise et chaque Mondataire et chaque Banque, a cause de cette exigence du client, exprime la meme volonte en faisant en sorte que les documents en langue anglaise soient a la disposition du client. 11.18 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN 90 CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE; AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION 11.18 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 11.19 JUDGMENT. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of a Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the "Judgment Currency") other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the "Agreement Currency"), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in the Agreement Currency, the Borrowers agree, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, jointly and severally, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or the Person to whom such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in such currency, the Administrative Agent agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Applicable Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 91 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. MCKESSON CORPORATION By: /s/ William R. Graber ----------------------------------------- Name: William R. Graber Title: Senior Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer and By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono ----------------------------------------- Name: Nicholas A. Loiacono Title: Vice President and Treasurer MCKESSON CANADA CORPORATION By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono ----------------------------------------- Name: Nicholas A. Loiacono Title: Vice President and Treasurer BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: /s/ Kevin Ahart ----------------------------------------- Name: Kevin Ahart Title: [COMPANY] Officer BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender By: /s/ Richard L. Nichols Jr. ----------------------------------------- Name: Richard L. Nichols Jr. Title: Managing Director BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (ACTING THROUGH ITS CANADIAN BRANCH), as Canadian Administrative Agent By: /s/ Medina Sales de Andrade ----------------------------------------- Name: Medina Sales de Andrade Title: Assistant Vice-President BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (ACTING THROUGH ITS CANADIAN BRANCH), as a Lender By: /s/ Nelson Lam ---------------------------------------- Name: Nelson Lam Title: Vice-President JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, as a Lender By: /s/ William Rindfuss ----------------------------------------- Name: William Rindfuss Title: Vice President WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as L/C Issuer and as a Lender By: /s/ Jeanette A. Griffin ----------------------------------------- Name: Jeanette A. Griffin Title: Vice President BANK ONE, NA, as a Lender By: /s/ Kandis A. Jaffrey ----------------------------------------- Name: Kandis A. Jaffrey Title: Director US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By: /s/ Douglas A. Rich ----------------------------------------- Name: Douglas A. Rich Title: Vice President TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS), INC., as a Lender By: /s/ Jano Nixon ----------------------------------------- Name: Jano Nixon Title: Vice President THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, as a Lender By: /s/ Jef Godin ----------------------------------------- Name: Jef Godin Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Lender By: /s/ Jon Burckin ----------------------------------------- Name: Jon Burckin Title: Managing Director BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Lender By: /s/ Ingrid Langlois ----------------------------------------- Name: Ingrid Langlois Title: Director LEHMAN BROTHERS BANK, FSB, as a Lender By: /s/ Gary T. Taylor ----------------------------------------- Name: Gary T. Taylor Title: Vice President WELLS FARGO BANK, NA, as a Lender By: /s/ Lauren Downum ----------------------------------------- Name: Lauren Downum Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as a Lender By: /s/ Rebecca K. Levine ----------------------------------------- Name: Rebecca K. Levine Title: Vice President SUNTRUST BANK, as a Lender By: /s/ William D. Priester ----------------------------------------- Name: William D. Priester Title: Vice President FIFTH THIRD BANK, as a Lender By: /s/ Jeff Assenmacher ----------------------------------------- Name: Jeff Assenmacher Title: Large Corporate Officer SCHEDULE 1.01 EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ISSUER BENEFICIARY L/C NUMBER US$ AMOUNT EXPIRATION DATE TYPE - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Oklahoma Workers SM415356C 10,000.00 1/01/03 Auto- Bank,National Compensation Court Renewable Association - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Old Republic SM415355C 9,337,455.00 1/01/03 Auto- Bank, [COMPANY] Renewable Association - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Old Republic SM415750C 1,401,261.00 1/01/03 Auto- Bank, [COMPANY] Renewable Association - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Home Insurance Co. SM415360C 915,300.00 1/01/03 Auto- Bank, National Renewable Association - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Amli Will County SM415803C 257,622.00 10/31/02 Final Bank, [COMPANY] Maturity Association - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Traveler's Indemnity SM415800C 150,000.00 3/31/03 Auto- Bank, [COMPANY] Renewable Association - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Traveler's Indemnity SM415802C 176,000.00 3/31/03 Auto- Bank, [COMPANY] Renewable Association - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Traveler's Indemnity SM416740C 659,000.00 4/30/03 Auto- Bank, [COMPANY] Renewable Association - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Continental Casualty SM417046C 5,000,000.00 2/23/03 Final Bank, [COMPANY] Maturity Association - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia State of Minnesota SM415357C 540,000.00 1/01/03 Auto- Bank, National Dept of Comm Renewable Association - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 1 SCHEDULE 2.01 COMMITMENTS, PRO RATA SHARES AND AFFILIATE BANKS CANADIAN CANADIAN COMMITMENTS CANADIAN PRO TOTAL TOTAL PRO RATA DOMESTIC LENDER LENDER (IN U.S.DOLLARS)* RATA SHARE COMMITMENT SHARE - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Bank of America, BA Canada $ 64,948,453.61 43.298969072% $105,000,000.00 19.090909091% N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank 0 $100,000,000.00 18.181818182% Wachovia Bank, National Association 0 $ 87,500,000.00 15.909090909% Bank One, NA Bank One, NA $ 38,659,793.81 25.773195876% $ 62,500,000.00 11.363636364% US Bank National Association 0 $ 37,500,000.00 6.818181818% Toronto Dominion The Toronto- (Texas), Inc. Dominion Bank $ 23,195,876.29 15.463917526% $ 37,500,000.00 6.818181818% The Bank of Nova The Bank of Scotia Nova Scotia $ 23,195,876.29 15.463917526% $ 37,500,000.00 6.818181818% Lehman Brothers Bank, FSB 0 $ 25,000,000.00 4.545454545% Wells Fargo Bank, NA 0 $ 20,000,000.00 3.636363636% The Bank of New York 0 $ 12,500,000.00 2.272727273% SunTrust Bank 0 $ 12,500,000.00 2.272727273% Fifth Third Bank 0 $ 12,500,000.00 2.272727273% TOTALS: $ 150,000,000.00 100.000000000% $550,000,000.00 100.000000000% *Please see Section 2.01(a)(ii). 1 SCHEDULE 5.11 SUBSIDIARIES AND INDEBTEDNESS SECURED BY LIENS Part (a). Subsidiaries. 1258741 [COMPANY]. 3068312 Nova Scotia ULC 646543 [COMPANY] 650032 [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] (Deutschland) [COMPANY] (Europe) [COMPANY] (International) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Foremost Homes Hawaii, [COMPANY] Foremost Shir, Inc. Foremost Tehran, [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] HBO & Company (ST&SW) Ltd. HBO & Company (VI), [COMPANY], [COMPANY] J. Knipper and Company, Inc. * KWS & P, Inc. KWS & P / SFA, Inc. * Sale pending [COMPANY] (Cayman Islands) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] of [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] (Gibraltar) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] (Netherlands) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] (International) (Gibraltar) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. 2 [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY], Inc. McKessonHBOC (Gibraltar) [COMPANY] [COMPANY], Inc. Purchasing Alliance for [COMPANY], [COMPANY], Inc. VPI Gezondheidszorg B.V. Zee Medical Canada, Inc. Zee Medical, Inc. Part (b). Indebtedness in Excess of $25,000,000 Secured by Liens. As of August 31, 2002, the Company and its Subsidiaries had an outstanding debt of approximately $16,186,500 for borrowed money with respect to the Company's headquarters building at One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 in Midland, Kansas (the "Building"). This constitutes 50% of the total amount outstanding (approximately $32,373,000) under the mortgage on the [COMPANY]'s wholly owned subsidiary, [COMPANY], owns an undivided 50% interest in the property that is subject to the mortgage and, under the terms of the mortgage documents, is liable for 50% of the mortgage debt. However, the related Lien (securing the obligations of both [COMPANY] and the co-owner) attaches to the entire property and, as a result, the total amount outstanding under the mortgage is "Indebtedness" of the Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to clause (h) of the definition of that term in this Agreement, notwithstanding that neither the Company nor its Subsidiary is obligated to pay the 50% portion of the mortgage debt that is owed by the property's co-owner. 3 SCHEDULE 11.02 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT'S OFFICE, CERTAIN ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES COMPANY: Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460-5296 U.S.A. Attention: Nicholas A. Loiacono, Vice President and Treasurer Telephone: (415) 983-9339 Facsimile: (415) 983-8826 Electronic mail: nicholas.loiacono@www.apexhealthdist.com Website address: www.apexhealthdist.com McKESSON CANADA: [COMPANY] 8625 Trans Canada Highway St. Laurent, Quebec Canada H4Z 1Z6 Attention: Alain Vachon, Vice President Finance and Assistant Treasurer Telephone: (514) 832-8190 Facsimile: (514) 832-8004 Electronic mail: alain.vachon@mckesson.ca Website address: www.mckesson.ca WITH A COPY OF ALL NOTICES TO: Nicholas A. Loiacono, Vice President and Treasurer, Apex Health Distribution (see Company contact information above) ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: Administrative Agent's Contact for Payments and Requests for Credit Extensions: Bank of America, N.A. 101 N. Tryon Street Mail Code: NC1-001-15-04 Charlotte, North Carolina 28255-0001 Attention: Wade Duncan Telephone: (704) 388-2374 Facsimile: (704) 409-0619 Electronic Mail: wade.duncan@bankofamerica.com Account No.: 1366212250600 Ref: [COMPANY] ABA# 053000196 1 Other Notices as Administrative Agent: Bank of America, [COMPANY] 1455 Market Street Mail Code: CA5-701-05-19 Midland, Kansas 94103 Attention: Kevin Ahart Telephone: (415) 436-2750 Facsimile: (415) 503-5000 Electronic Mail: kevin.ahart@bankofamerica.com CANADIAN ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: Canadian Administrative Agent's Office: Bank of America, N.A., Canada Branch 200 Front Street West, Suite 2700 Toronto, Ontario M5V 3L2 Canada Telephone: (416) 349-4100 Contact for Payments and Requests for Credit Extensions: Attn: Sylwia Durkiewicz Telephone: (416) 349-4307 Facsimile: (416) 349-4282 Other Notices as Canadian Administrative Agent: Attn: Medina Sales de Andrade, AVP Telephone: (416) 349-5433 Facsimile: (416) 349-4283 Payment Instructions Canadian Dollar LVTS - Large Value Transaction System Bank of America, N.A., Canada Branch 200 Front Street West, Toronto Attn: Agency Loans Admin. Swift Code: BOFACATT Transit #: 01312-241 Account #: 90083255 Ref: Apex Health Distribution Canada 2 L/C ISSUER: Wachovia Bank, National Association 201 S. College Street NC 1183 Charlotte, North Carolina 28288 Attention: Dianne Taylor, Loan Portfolio Analyst Telephone: (704) 715-1876 Facsimile: (704) 383-7201 Electronic Mail: dianne.taylor@wachovia.com WITH A COPY OF ALL NOTICES TO: Wachovia Securities 1339 Chestnut Street, PA4152 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19107 Attention: Jeanette Griffin, Portfolio Manager Telephone: (267) 321-6615 Facsimile: (267) 321-6702 Electronic Mail: jeanette.griffin@wachovia.com 3 EXHIBIT A FORM OF COMMITTED LOAN NOTICE Date: ___________, _____ To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent [Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canadian branch), Canadian Administrative Agent] Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2002 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the "Agreement;" the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation, [COMPANY], an Ontario corporation, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canadian branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer. The undersigned hereby requests (select one): [ ] A Borrowing of Committed Loans [ ] A conversion of Loans [ ] A continuation of Loans 1. The Borrower is _________________________. 2. On_______________________________________(a Business Day). 3. In the amount of $_______________________. 4. Comprised of [Eurodollar Rate Loans] [Base Rate Loans] [Canadian Prime Rate Loans]. [Type of Committed Loan requested] 5. For Eurodollar Rate Loans: with an Interest Period of ______ months. 6. The Applicable Currency is [Dollars] [Canadian Dollars] [The Borrowing requested herein complies with the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.01(a) of the Agreement and, if made with respect to Canadian Loans, Section 2.01(b)(i) of the Agreement.] [BORROWER] By:___________________________________ Name:_________________________________ Title:________________________________ A-1 EXHIBIT B-1 FORM OF NOTE [DOMESTIC LOANS] _______________ FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the "Borrower"), hereby promises to pay to _____________________ or registered assigns (the "Lender"), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2002 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the "Agreement;" the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, [COMPANY], the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canadian branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer. The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender in Dollars in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent's Office. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement. This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note. B-1-1 THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. MCKESSON CORPORATION By:_____________________________________ Name:___________________________________ Title:__________________________________ B-1-2 EXHIBIT B-2 FORM OF NOTE [CANADIAN LOANS] ________________ FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the "Borrower"), hereby promises to pay to _____________________ or registered assigns (the "Lender"), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2002 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the "Agreement;" the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, Apex Health Distribution, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canadian branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer. The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Canadian Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender in Canadian Dollars in immediately available funds at the Canadian Administrative Agent's Office. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement. This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note. B-2-1 THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. MCKESSON CANADA CORPORATION By:______________________________________ Name:____________________________________ Title:___________________________________ B-2-2 LOANS AND PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT THERETO AMOUNT OF PRINCIPAL OR OUTSTANDING END OF INTEREST PRINCIPAL TYPE OF AMOUNT OF INTEREST PAID THIS BALANCE NOTATION DATE LOAN MADE LOAN MADE PERIOD DATE THIS DATE MADE BY - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ _______ _________ _________ _______ ____________ ___________ ________ EXHIBIT C OPINION MATTERS Consistent with opinions under the Existing Agreements, the matters contained in the following Sections of the Agreement should be covered by the legal opinion: - Section 5.01(a) and (b) - Section 5.02 - Section 5.03 - Section 5.04 - Section 5.05 - Section 5.07 - Section 5.09 C-1 EXHIBIT D [COMPANY] Statement Date:___________, To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2002 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the "Agreement;" the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), [COMPANY], an Ontario corporation, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canadian branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer. The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he/she is the_______________________ of the Company, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of the Company, and that: [Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal YEAR-END financial statements] 1. Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the year-end audited financial statements required by Section 6.01(a) of the Agreement for the fiscal year of the Company ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such section. [Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal QUARTER-END financial statements] 1. Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the unaudited financial statements required by Section 6.01(b) of the Agreement for the fiscal quarter of the Company ended as of the above date. Such financial statements fairly present the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 2. The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements. 3. A review of the activities of the Company during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to determining whether during such D-1 fiscal period the Company performed and observed all its Obligations under the Loan Documents, and [SELECT ONE:] [TO THE BEST KNOWLEDGE OF THE UNDERSIGNED DURING SUCH FISCAL PERIOD, THE COMPANY PERFORMED AND OBSERVED EACH COVENANT AND CONDITION OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS APPLICABLE TO IT.] --OR-- [THE FOLLOWING COVENANTS OR CONDITIONS HAVE NOT BEEN PERFORMED OR OBSERVED AND THE FOLLOWING IS A LIST OF EACH SUCH DEFAULT AND ITS NATURE AND STATUS:] 4. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article V of the Agreement, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection with the Loan Documents, are true and correct on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except for purposes of this Compliance Certificate, the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.08(a) of the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Agreement, including the statements in connection with which the Compliance Certificate is delivered. 5. The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on Schedule 2 attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the date of this Certificate. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of____________, ____________. MCKESSON CORPORATION By: ______________________________ Name: ____________________________ Title: ___________________________ D-2 For the Quarter/Year ended ___________________("Statement Date") SCHEDULE 2 to the Compliance Certificate ($ in 000's) Section 7.04: Maximum Total Debt to Capitalization Ratio 1. Total Capitalization (a) Total Debt $_________ (b) Capital stock and additional paid-in-capital $_________ (c) Retained earnings (accumulated deficits) $_________ (d) Sum of (a), (b) and (c): $_________ 2. Ratio of Total Debt (Item 1(a)) to Total Capitalization (Item 1(d)): _____:_____ 3. Maximum Ratio Permitted under Section 7.04: 0.565:1.00 D-3 EXHIBIT E ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION This Assignment and Assumption (this "Assignment and Assumption") is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the "Assignor") and [Insert name of Assignee] (the "Assignee"). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (the "Credit Agreement"), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor's rights and obligations as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including, without limitation, Letters of Credit and Guarantees included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the "Assigned Interest"). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 1. Assignor: ______________________________ 2. Assignee: ______________________________ [and is an Affiliate of [identify Lender]] 3. Borrower(s): Apex Health Distribution and [COMPANY] 4. Administrative Agent: Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 5. Credit Agreement: The Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2002, among Apex Health Distribution, [COMPANY], the Lenders parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canadian branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer and the other agents parties thereto E-1 6. Assigned Interest: Aggregate Amount of Amount of Percentage Commitment Commitment Assigned of for all Lenders* Assigned* Commitment(1) - --------------- -------- ------------- $______________ $_________ ___________% $______________ $_________ ___________% $______________ $_________ ___________% [7. Trade Date: __________________](2) Effective Date: __________________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: ASSIGNOR -------- [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] By: _____________________________ Title: ASSIGNEE -------- [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] By: _____________________________ Title: - ---------------------- * Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. (1) Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment of all Lenders thereunder. (2) To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date. E-2 Consented to and Accepted: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: _________________________________ Title: Consented to: Apex Health Distribution By: _________________________________ Title: E-3 ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2002 AMONG MCKESSON CORPORATION, MCKESSON CANADA CORPORATION, THE LENDERS PARTY THERETO, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (ACTING THROUGH ITS CANADIAN BRANCH, AS CANADIAN ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, AND WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS L/C ISSUER STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties. 1.1. Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 1.2. Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the 1 Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to or on or after the Effective Date. The Assignor and the Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Administrative Agent for periods prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves. 3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of California. 2 EXHIBIT F DRAWING NOTICE Pursuant to that certain Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2002 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the "Agreement;" the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation, [COMPANY], an Ontario corporation, the Lenders from time to time party thereto (the "Lenders"), Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canadian branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer, this represents Apex Health Distribution Canada's notice pursuant to Section 2.04(b) of the Agreement that Apex Health Distribution Canada hereby requests a Drawing under the Agreement, and, in connection therewith, sets forth below the information relating to such Drawing as required by Section 2.04(b) of the Agreement: 1. The Drawing Date, which is a Business Day, is __________, ____; 2. The aggregate Face Amount of Drafts to be accepted is Cdn.$____________; 3. The maturity date for such Drafts is ______, ____, which represents a term to maturity of approximately [Insert term of bill of exchange, which may be anywhere from 7 to 180] days. Dated: _______________ McKESSON CANADA CORPORATION By: __________________________ Name: ________________________ Title: _______________________ F-1
EXHIBIT 10.40 EXECUTION VERSION ================================================================================ CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of September 30, 2002 among Apex Health Distribution, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, as Syndication Agent, WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Documentation Agent, BANK ONE, NA, as Documentation Agent, and The Other Lenders [COMPANY], as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager ================================================================================ TABLE OF CONTENTS SECTION PAGE - ------- ---- Article I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS........................................................ 1 1.01 Defined Terms........................................................................... 1 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions........................................................... 15 1.03 Accounting Terms........................................................................ 15 1.04 Rounding................................................................................ 15 1.05 References to Agreements and Laws....................................................... 16 1.06 Times of Day............................................................................ 16 Article II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS................................................... 16 2.01 Committed Loans......................................................................... 16 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans............................ 16 2.03 Prepayments............................................................................. 17 2.04 Termination or Reduction of Commitments................................................. 18 2.05 Repayment of Loans...................................................................... 18 2.06 Interest................................................................................ 18 2.07 Fees.................................................................................... 19 2.08 Computation of Interest and Fees........................................................ 20 2.09 Evidence of Debt........................................................................ 20 2.10 Payments Generally...................................................................... 20 2.11 Sharing of Payments..................................................................... 22 2.12 Increase in Commitments................................................................. 23 2.13 Conversion of Loans to Term Loans....................................................... 24 Article III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY.................................................. 25 3.01 Taxes................................................................................... 25 3.02 Illegality.............................................................................. 26 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates............................................................ 26 3.04 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy..................................... 27 3.05 Funding Losses.......................................................................... 27 3.06 Matters Applicable to all Requests for Compensation..................................... 28 3.07 Survival................................................................................ 28 i Article IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS............................................... 28 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension.................................................. 28 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions..................................................... 30 Article V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.......................................................... 30 5.01 Corporate Existence and Power........................................................... 30 5.02 Corporate Authorization; No Contravention............................................... 31 5.03 Governmental Authorization.............................................................. 31 5.04 Binding Effect.......................................................................... 31 5.05 Litigation.............................................................................. 31 5.06 No Default.............................................................................. 32 5.07 Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations..................................................... 32 5.08 Financial Condition..................................................................... 32 5.09 Regulated Entities...................................................................... 33 5.10 No Burdensome Restrictions.............................................................. 33 5.11 Subsidiaries and Certain Liens As of the Closing Date................................... 33 5.12 Disclosed Matters....................................................................... 33 Article VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS................................................................... 33 6.01 Financial Statements.................................................................... 33 6.02 Certificates; Other Information......................................................... 34 6.03 Notices................................................................................. 35 6.04 Preservation of Existence, Etc.......................................................... 36 6.05 Maintenance of Insurance................................................................ 36 6.06 Payment of Taxes........................................................................ 36 6.07 Compliance with Laws.................................................................... 36 6.08 Books and Records....................................................................... 36 6.09 Inspection Rights....................................................................... 36 6.10 Use of Proceeds......................................................................... 37 Article VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS...................................................................... 37 7.01 Liens................................................................................... 37 7.02 Consolidations and Mergers.............................................................. 38 7.03 Use of Proceeds......................................................................... 38 7.04 Maximum Debt to Capitalization Ratio.................................................... 39 7.05 Swap Contracts.......................................................................... 39 ii Article VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES.......................................................... 39 8.01 Events of Default....................................................................... 39 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default.......................................................... 40 8.03 Application of Funds.................................................................... 41 Article IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT.................................................................... 42 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Administrative Agent................................... 42 9.02 Delegation of Duties.................................................................... 42 9.03 Liability of Administrative Agent....................................................... 42 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent........................................................ 42 9.05 Notice of Default....................................................................... 43 9.06 Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by Administrative Agent...................... 43 9.07 Indemnification of Administrative Agent................................................. 44 9.08 Administrative Agent in Its Individual Capacity......................................... 44 9.09 Successor Administrative Agent.......................................................... 45 9.10 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim........................................... 45 9.11 Other Agents; Arrangers and Managers.................................................... 46 Article X. MISCELLANEOUS........................................................................... 46 10.01 Amendments, Etc......................................................................... 46 10.02 Notices and [COMPANY]; Facsimile Copies...................................... 47 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.......................................................... 48 10.04 Attorney Costs, Expenses and Taxes...................................................... 48 10.05 Indemnification by the Company.......................................................... 49 10.06 Payments Set Aside...................................................................... 49 10.07 Successors and Assigns.................................................................. 50 10.08 Confidentiality......................................................................... 53 10.09 Set-off................................................................................. 54 10.10 Interest Rate Limitation................................................................ 54 10.11 Counterparts............................................................................ 54 10.12 Integration............................................................................. 54 10.13 Survival of Representations and Warranties.............................................. 55 10.14 Severability............................................................................ 55 10.15 Tax Forms............................................................................... 55 10.16 Replacement of Lenders.................................................................. 57 iii 10.17 Governing Law........................................................................... 57 10.18 Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury........................................................ 58 SCHEDULES 2.01 Commitments and Pro Rata Shares 5.11 Subsidiaries and Indebtedness Secured by Liens 10.02 Administrative Agent's Office, Certain Addresses for Notices EXHIBITS FORM OF A Committed Loan Notice B Note C Opinion Matters D Compliance Certificate E Assignment and Assumption iv CREDIT AGREEMENT This CREDIT AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into as of September 30, 2002, among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the "Lenders" and individually, a "Lender") and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as [COMPANY] has requested that the Lenders provide a revolving credit facility, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1.01 DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: "Administrative Agent" means Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. "Administrative Agent's Office" means the Administrative Agent's address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Company and the Lenders. "Administrative Questionnaire" means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. "Control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. "Controlling" and "Controlled" have meanings correlative thereto. "Agent-Related Persons" means the Administrative Agent and any successor agent arising under Section 9.09, together with their respective Affiliates (including, in the case of Bank of America in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, the Arranger), and the officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys-in-fact of such Persons and Affiliates. "Aggregate Commitments" means the aggregate Commitments of all the Lenders. "Agreement" means this Credit Agreement. "Applicable Maturity Date" means, in the case of Revolving Loans, the Revolving Loan Maturity Date and, in the case of Term Loans, the Term Loan Maturity Date. "Applicable Rate" means, from time to time, the rate, expressed in basis points per annum, corresponding to the applicable Debt Rating as set forth below: DEBT RATINGS PRICING S&P/ FACILITY EURODOLLAR LEVEL MOODY'S FEE RATE + BASE RATE + - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 1 A/A2 or higher 8 42 0 2 A-/A3 9 46 0 3 BBB+/Baa1 11 51.5 0 4 BBB/Baa2 12.5 62.5 0 5 BBB-/Baa3 17.5 82.5 0 6 less than BBB-/Baa3 22.5 102.5 0 "Debt Rating" means, as of any date of determination, the ratings as determined by S&P and Moody's (collectively, the "Debt Ratings") of the Company's non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt; provided that, if the Debt Ratings result in two different Pricing Levels, the higher of such Debt Ratings shall apply (with the Debt Rating for Pricing Level 1 being the highest and the Debt Rating for Pricing Level 6 being the lowest), unless there is a split in Debt Ratings of more than one level, in which case the Pricing Level that is one level higher than the Pricing Level of the lower Debt Rating shall apply. Initially, the Applicable Rate shall be determined based upon the Debt Rating specified in the certificate delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(vi). Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Rating shall be effective, in the case of an upgrade, during the period commencing on the date of delivery by the Company to the Administrative Agent of notice thereof pursuant to Section 6.03(e) and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change and, in the case of a downgrade, during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. "Applicable Term Loan Margin" means, from time to time, (i) 25.0 basis points per annum at any time the Debt Rating is BBB/Baa2 or higher and (ii) 37.5 basis points per annum at any time the Debt Rating is lower than BBB/Baa2, in each case as determined in accordance with the definition of "Applicable Rate," including in the event of a split in the Debt Ratings. "Arranger" means Banc of [COMPANY], in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole book manager. "Assignment and Assumption" means an Assignment and Assumption substantially in the form of Exhibit E. "Attorney Costs" means and includes all fees, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external counsel and, without duplication, the allocated cost of internal legal services and all expenses and disbursements of internal counsel; provided that no fees, expenses 2 or disbursements shall qualify as Attorney Costs unless written evidence substantiating such fees, expenses and disbursements is available to the Company upon request. "Attributable Indebtedness" means, on any date, (a) in respect of any capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. "[COMPANY] Statements" means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. "Availability Period" means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Revolving Loan Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.04, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans pursuant to Section 8.02. "Bank of America" means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. "Base Rate" means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the higher of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1% and (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its "prime rate." The "prime rate" is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America's costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. "Base Rate Committed Loan" means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. "Base Rate Loan" means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. "Borrowing" means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 or Section 2.13. "Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, Charlotte, North Carolina or Midland, Kansas and, if such day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. "Closing Date" means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 4.01 (or, in the case of Section 4.01(b), waived by the Person entitled to receive the applicable payment). 3 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. "Commitment" means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make Revolving Loans to the Company pursuant to Section 2.01, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement; provided that if the Term Loans are made, "Commitment" means the Lender's Pro Rata Share of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans outstanding on such date. The Commitment for any Lender that has an Affiliate is a single value for such Lender and its Affiliate taken together. "Committed Loan" means a Revolving Loan or, to the extent any are made pursuant to Section 2.13, a Term Loan. "Committed Loan Notice" means a notice of (a) (i) a Borrowing, (ii) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, (iii) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), or (b) a request for Term Loans, pursuant to Section 2.13(b), which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A. "Company" has the meaning specified in the introductory clause hereto. "Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D. "Contractual Obligation" means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. "Control" has the meaning specified in the definition of "Affiliate." "Credit Extension" means a Borrowing. "Debt Rating" has the meaning set forth in the definition of "Applicable Rate." "Debtor Relief Laws" means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. "Default" means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. "Default Rate" means an interest rate equal to (a) the Base Rate plus (b) the Applicable Rate and, with respect to any Term Loan, the Applicable Term Loan Margin, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (c) 1% per annum; provided, however, that with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate and, with respect to any Term Loan, the Applicable Term Loan Margin) 4 otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 1% per annum, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. "Defaulting Lender" means any Lender that (a) has failed to fund any portion of the Committed Loans required to be funded by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, (b) has otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute, or (c) has been deemed insolvent or become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding. "Disclosed Matters" means (i) those matters described in the Company's press release dated April 28, 1999 (the "Press Release"), (ii) litigation which (A) is related to the matters disclosed in the Press Release and (B) has been disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the Closing Date, and (iii) other matters related to the matters disclosed in the Press Release which have been publicly disclosed by the Company in its filings with the SEC prior to the Closing Date. "Dollar" and "$" mean lawful money of the United States. "Eligible Assignee" has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(g). "Environmental Laws" means any and all Federal, state, municipal, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. "ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). "ERISA Event" means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate. 5 "Eurodollar Base Rate" has the meaning set forth in the definition of Eurodollar Rate. "Eurodollar Rate" means for any Interest Period with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, a rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the following formula: Eurodollar Base Rate Eurodollar Rate = ------------------------------------ 1.00 - Eurodollar Reserve Percentage Where, "Eurodollar Base Rate" means, for such Interest Period: (a) the rate per annum equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on the page of the Telerate screen (or any successor thereto) that displays an average British Bankers Association Interest Settlement Rate for deposits in Dollars (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, or (b) if the rate referenced in the preceding clause (a) does not appear on such page or service or such page or service shall not be available, the rate per annum equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate on such other page or other service that displays an average British Bankers Association Interest Settlement Rate for deposits in Dollars (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, or (c) if the rates referenced in the preceding clauses (a) and (b) are not available, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the rate of interest at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in same day funds in the approximate amount of the Eurodollar Rate Loan being made, continued or converted by Bank of America and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by Bank of America's London Branch to major banks in the London interbank eurodollar market at their request at approximately 4:00 p.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. "Eurodollar Reserve Percentage" means, for any day during any Interest Period the reserve percentage (expressed as a decimal, carried out to five decimal places) in effect on such day, whether or not applicable to any Lender, under regulations issued from time to time by the FRB for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as "Eurocurrency liabilities"). The Eurodollar Rate for each outstanding Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be adjusted automatically as of the effective date of any change in the Eurodollar Reserve Percentage. 6 "Eurodollar Rate Loan" means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Eurodollar Rate. "Event of Default" has the meaning specified in Section 8.01. "Existing Credit Agreements" means (a) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 10, 1998, among the Company, Medis Health and [COMPANY], Inc. (now known as [COMPANY]), Bank of America, as agent, Bank of America Canada, as Canadian administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto as amended to date and (b) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 22, 1999, among the Company, Bank of America, as agent, and the lenders party thereto, as amended. "Exposure" means (a) prior to the termination of the Commitment, such Lender's Commitment and (b) after the termination of the Commitment, the Total Outstandings for such Lender. "Federal Funds Rate" means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the weighted average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. "Fee Letter" means the letter agreement, dated August 28, 2002, among the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger. "Foreign Lender" has the meaning specified in Section 10.15(a)(i). "FRB" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. "Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. "Granting Lender" has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(h). 7 "Guarantee" means, as to any Person, any (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the "primary obligor") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term "Guarantee" as a verb has a corresponding meaning. "Indebtedness" means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following: (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money; (b) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); (c) all non-contingent reimbursement or payment obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers' acceptances, bank guaranties, shipside bonds, surety bonds and similar instruments; (d) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; (e) capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; (f) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; (g) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to property acquired by the Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property); and 8 (h) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person, whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any capital lease or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. "Indemnified Liabilities" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.05. "Indemnitees" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.05. "Insolvency Proceeding" means (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors, or other similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors; undertaken under U.S. Federal, state or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code of the United States. "Interest Payment Date" means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Applicable Maturity Date; provided, however, that if any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, (i) the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter and (ii) the Applicable Maturity Date. "Interest Period" means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Loan and ending on the date one, two, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Company in its Committed Loan Notice; provided that: (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; (ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 9 (iii) no Interest Period for any Loan shall extend beyond (A) in the case of Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01, until a Committed Loan Notice has been received by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.13(b), the Revolving Loan Maturity Date; provided that once such Committed Loan Notice has been received by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.13(b), the limitation in subpart (B) of this paragraph shall apply to Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01, and (B) the Term Loan Maturity Date, in the case of the Term Loans. "IRS" means the United States Internal Revenue Service. "Laws" means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state, municipal and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. "Lender" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. "Lending Office" means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as its "Lending Office" or "Eurodollar Lending Office," as the case may be, in such Lender's Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Company and the Administrative Agent. "Lien" means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, but not including the interest of a lessor under an operating lease or the sale of accounts receivable). "Loan" means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Company under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan. "Loan Documents" means this Agreement, any Notes, the Fee Letter and all other documents delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection herewith. "Margin Stock" means "margin stock" as such term is defined in Regulation T, U or X of the FRB. "Master Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the definition of "Swap Contract." "Material Adverse Effect" means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or any Material Subsidiary; (b) a material impairment of the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under any Loan Document 10 to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Company of any Loan Document to which it is a party. "Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary having at such time 10% or more of the Company's consolidated total (gross) revenues for the preceding four fiscal quarter period, as of the last day of the preceding fiscal quarter based upon the Company's most recent annual or quarterly financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent under Section 6.01. "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. "Multiemployer Plan" means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. "Net Worth" means the sum of the capital stock and additional paid in capital plus retained earnings (or minus accumulated deficits) of the Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP on such date. "Note" means a promissory note executed by the Company in favor of a Lender pursuant to Section 2.09, substantially in the form of Exhibit B. "Obligations" means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, the Company arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Company or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. "Organization Documents" means, with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction). "Other Taxes" has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(b). "Outstanding Amount" means on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Committed Loans outstanding after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans occurring on such date. "Participant" has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(d). "PBGC" means the [COMPANY]. "Pension Plan" means any "employee pension benefit plan" (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the 11 Company or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. "Person" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. "Plan" means any "employee benefit plan" (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by the Company or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. "Press Release" has the meaning specified in the definition of "Disclosed Matters" set forth herein. "Pro Rata Share" means, with respect to each Lender at any time, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Commitment of such Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the amount of the Aggregate Commitments at such time; provided that if the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans has been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, then the Pro Rata Share of each Lender shall be determined based on the Pro Rata Share of such Lender immediately prior to such termination and after giving effect to any subsequent assignments made pursuant to the terms hereof. The initial Pro Rata Share of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. "Proceedings" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(c). "Register" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(c). "Reportable Event" means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. "Required Lenders" means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50% of the Aggregate Commitments or, if the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans has been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50% of the Total Outstandings; provided that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. "Requirement of Law" means, as to any Person, any law (statutory or common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination, decree or order of an arbitrator or of a Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon the Person or any of its property or to which the Person or any of its property is subject, including but not limited to any Environmental Law. "Responsible Officer" means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, corporate vice president or the treasurer of the Company. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company shall be conclusively 12 presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of the Company and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Company. "Revolving Loan Maturity Date" means September 29, 2003. "Revolving Loan" means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01. "S&P" means Standard & [COMPANY], a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto. "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. "SPC" has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(h). "Subsidiary" of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, unlimited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a "Subsidiary" or to "Subsidiaries" shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company. "Swap Contract" means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement relating to any of the foregoing (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a "Master Agreement"), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. "Swap Termination Value" means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or 13 other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). "Synthetic Lease Obligation" means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). "Taxes" has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a). "Term Loans" has the meaning specified in Section 2.13. "Term Loan Maturity Date" means September 27, 2004. "Three-Year Credit Facility" means that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2002, by and among the Company, [COMPANY], Bank of America, as administrative agent, Bank of America (acting through its Canadian branch), as Canadian administrative agent, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer, and the financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as such agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. "Total Capitalization" means, on any date, the sum of (a) Total Debt and (b) the Net Worth on such date. "Total Debt" means, on any date, all Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis on such date. "Total Outstandings" means (i) as to all Lenders at any date of determination, the Outstanding Amount of all Loans, and (ii) as to any Lender at any date of determination, the Outstanding Amount of all Loans of such Lender or its Affiliates. "Type" means a Loan's character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan. "Unfunded Pension Liability" means the excess of a Pension Plan's benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan's assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. "United States" and "U.S." mean the United States of America. "Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary in which (other than directors' qualifying shares required by law) 100% of the capital stock of each class or other interests having ordinary voting power, and 100% of the capital stock of every other class or other interests, in each case, at the time as of which any determination is being made, is owned, beneficially and of record, by the Company, or by one or more of the other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries, or both. 14 1.02 OTHER INTERPRETIVE PROVISIONS. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: (a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. (b) (i) The words "herein," "hereto," "hereof" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. (ii) Article, Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Loan Document in which such reference appears. (iii) The term "including" is by way of example and not limitation. (iv) The term "documents" includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. (c) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including;" the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding;" and the word "through" means "to and including." (d) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 1.03 ACCOUNTING TERMS. (a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the [COMPANY] Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. (b) If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Company or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Company shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 1.04 ROUNDING. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such 15 ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 1.05 REFERENCES TO AGREEMENTS AND LAWS. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to Organization Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by any Loan Document; and (b) references to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. 1.06 TIMES OF DAY. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Pacific time (daylight or standard, as applicable). ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 2.01 COMMITTED LOANS. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars to the Company from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender's Commitment; provided, however, that after giving effect to any Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender's Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender's Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Company may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay under Section 2.03, and reborrow under this Section 2.01. Revolving Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as further provided herein. 2.02 BORROWINGS, CONVERSIONS AND CONTINUATIONS OF COMMITTED LOANS. (a) Each Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made upon the Company's irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 9:00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base Rate Committed Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans. Each telephonic notice by the Company pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. Each Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Company is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or 16 continued, (iv) the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to be converted and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Company fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Company fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate Loans. If the Company requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice for Committed Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Pro Rata Share of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Company, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in Section 2.02(a). In the case of a Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent's Office not later than 11:00 a.m., on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Company in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Company on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Company. (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of the Eurodollar Rate by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America's prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. (e) After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in effect at any time with respect to Committed Loans. 2.03 PREPAYMENTS. (a) [COMPANY] may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans in whole or in part without premium or 17 penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 9:00 a.m., (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans and (ii) any prepayment of Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be prepaid. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender's Pro Rata Share of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Company, it shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares. (b) If for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, the Company shall immediately prepay Loans in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. 2.04 [COMPANY] may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 9:00 a.m., five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (iii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Pro Rata Share. All facility and utilization fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 2.05 REPAYMENT OF LOANS. Except as provided in Section 2.13, the Company shall repay to the Lenders on the Revolving Loan Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of its Committed Loans outstanding on such date. 2.06 INTEREST. (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.06(b), (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate and (ii) each Base Rate Committed Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate; provided that any Term Loans shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the Revolving Loan Maturity Date at a rate per annum equal to (A) the rate 18 provided in the immediately preceding subclause (i) or (ii), as the case may be, plus (B) the Applicable Term Loan Margin. (b) If any amount payable by the Company under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Furthermore, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, the Company shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 2.07 FEES. (a) [COMPANY] shall pay to the Administrative' Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, a facility fee on the later of the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter or the fifth Business Day after the Company has received from the Administrative Agent a notice setting forth the amount of such fee, which shall be equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount of the Aggregate Commitments (or, if the Aggregate Commitments have terminated, on the Outstanding Amount of all Committed Loans), regardless of usage. The facility fee shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date to the Revolving Loan Maturity Date or, if the Term Loans are made, the Term Loan Maturity Date (and thereafter so long as any Committed Loans remain outstanding), including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV are not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on each date specified above following the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, through the Applicable Maturity Date (and, if applicable, thereafter on demand). The facility fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. (b) [COMPANY] shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, a utilization fee of .15% per annum times the Total Outstandings on each day that either (i) the sum of (A) the Total Outstandings existing on such date and (B) the Total Outstandings (as such term is defined in the Three-Year Credit Facility) on such day, exceeds 30% of the sum of (X) the Aggregate Commitments (as defined herein) existing on such day and (Y) the Aggregate Commitments (as such term is defined in the Three-Year Credit Facility) existing on such day, or (ii) any Term Loans are outstanding. The utilization fee shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first such 19 date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the Applicable Maturity Date. The utilization fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears. The utilization fee shall accrue at all times as set forth in this Section 2.07(b), including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV are not met. (c) Other Fees. (i) [COMPANY] shall pay to the Arranger and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. (ii) [COMPANY] shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 2.08 COMPUTATION OF INTEREST AND FEES. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate is determined by Bank of America's "prime rate" shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.10(a), bear interest for one day. 2.09 EVIDENCE OF DEBT. The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Company and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Company hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Company shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender's Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 2.10 PAYMENTS GENERALLY. (a) All payments to be made by the Company shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Company hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at the Administrative Agent's Office in Dollars not later than 12:00 noon on the date specified herein in immediately available funds. The Administrative 20 Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender's Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after the applicable time specified in this Section 2.10(a) shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. (b) If any payment to be made by the Company shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. (c) Unless the Company or any Lender has notified the Administrative Agent, prior to the date any payment is required to be made by it to the Administrative Agent hereunder, that the Company or such Lender, as the case may be, will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Company or such Lender, as the case may be, has timely made such payment and may (but shall not be so required to), in reliance thereon, make available a corresponding amount to the Person entitled thereto. If and to the extent that such payment was not in fact made to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds, then: (i) if the Company failed to make such payment, each Lender shall forthwith on demand repay to the Administrative Agent the portion of such assumed payment, if any, that was made available to such Lender in immediately available funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect; and (ii) subject to the provisions of Section 2.01(b), if any Lender failed to make such payment, such Lender shall forthwith on demand pay to the Administrative Agent the amount thereof in immediately available funds, together with interest thereon for the period from the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to the Company to the date such amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent (the "Compensation Period") at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender's Committed Loan included in the applicable Borrowing. If such Lender does not pay such amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agent's demand therefor, the Administrative Agent may make a demand therefor upon the Company, and the Company shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent, together with interest thereon for the Compensation Period at a rate per annum equal to the rate of interest applicable to the applicable Borrowing. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or the Company may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Company with respect to any amount owing under this Section 2.10(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 21 (d) If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Company by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. (e) The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan. (f) Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 2.11 SHARING OF PAYMENTS. If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein, any Lender shall obtain on account of the Committed Loans made by it any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Committed Loans made by them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment in respect of such Committed Loans pro rata with each of them; provided, however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Lender's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Lender's required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without further interest thereon. [COMPANY] agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off, but subject to Section 10.09) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Company in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.11 and will in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. 22 2.12 INCREASE IN COMMITMENTS. (a) Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the Company may from time to time, request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments (as such term is defined in this Agreement) and the Aggregate Commitments (as such term is defined in the Three-Year Credit Facility) collectively by an aggregate amount (for all such requests) not exceeding $400,000,000; provided, however, that any such increase in the Commitments shall (i) prior to the Revolving Loan Maturity Date, be allocated between the Commitments (as such term is defined in the Three-Year Credit Facility) and the Commitments (as such term is defined in this Agreement) on a pro rata basis such that the proportions of each such type of Commitment as a portion of the total Commitments are equal; and (ii) on or after the Revolving Loan Maturity Date, be allocated entirely to the Commitments (as such term is defined in the Three-Year Credit Facility). At the time of sending such notice, the Company (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders). Each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Pro Rata Share of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and each Lender of the Lenders' responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase, the Company may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.12(a), during the first 90 days following the Closing Date, the Company may invite Eligible Assignees to become Lenders under this Agreement in connection with a requested increase without first providing any Lender with the opportunity to increase its Commitment as provided above. (b) If the Aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section 2.12, the Administrative Agent and the Company shall determine the effective date (the "Increase Effective Date") and the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. As a condition precedent to such increase, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of the Company dated as of the Increase Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by the Company approving or consenting to such increase, and (ii) certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that, for purposes of this Section 2.12, (1) the representation and warranty contained in Section 5.08(a) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b), respectively, and (2) the reference to the Closing Date in Section 5.05(b) and Section 5.08(b) shall be deemed to refer to the Increase Effective Date and (B) no Default exists. [COMPANY] shall prepay any Committed Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05) to the extent necessary to keep the 23 outstanding Committed Loans ratable with any revised Pro Rata Shares arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section 2.12. (c) In the event of an increase in Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.12, the provisions of this Section 2.12 shall govern any conflicts with provisions in Sections 2.11 or 10.01. 2.13 CONVERSION OF LOANS TO TERM LOANS. (a) Each Lender severally agrees on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement to advance to the Company (upon request of the Company pursuant to this Agreement) on the Revolving Loan Maturity Date an amount up to the sum of (i) the outstanding principal amount of the Committed Loans made by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.01 and outstanding as of the opening of business on the Revolving Loan Maturity Date plus (ii) the amount available to be borrowed from such Lender pursuant to this Agreement as of the opening of business on the Revolving Loan Maturity Date. The aggregate of such advances is collectively called the "Term Loans" and shall be made by each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share. The Term Loans will mature and are due and payable on the Term Loan Maturity Date. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.13 and subsequently repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. (b) The Term Loans shall be made upon the irrevocable written notice (including notice via facsimile confirmed immediately by a telephone call) of the Company in the form of a Committed Loan Notice (which notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon not less than three Business Days prior to the Revolving Loan Maturity Date) and upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02, specifying: (A) the amount of the Term Loans which shall be in a principal amount not more than the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Committed Loans which will be outstanding as of the opening of business on the Revolving Loan Maturity Date, plus (ii) the amount available to be borrowed from the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement as of the opening of business on the Revolving Loan Maturity Date; (B) whether the Term Loans shall be comprised of Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans; and (C) the Interest Period applicable to any Eurodollar Rate Loans included in such notice. (c) The proceeds of the Term Loans will first be used to pay the principal amount of the Revolving Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01 which are outstanding at the time the Term Loans are made and then in accordance with Sections 6.10 and 7.03. [COMPANY] shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in compensation pursuant to Section 3.05(a) solely as a result of the repayment of Revolving Loans that are Eurodollar Rate Loans with proceeds of the Term Loans in accordance with the foregoing sentence. (d) Upon conversion of the Revolving Loans to Term Loans, each Lender's obligation to make Revolving Loans to the Company hereunder shall terminate. 24 ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 3.01 TAXES. (a) Any and all payments by the Company to or for the account of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, in the case of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, taxes imposed on or measured by its net income, taxable income or similar measure and franchise taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the Laws of which the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, is organized or maintains a lending office or carries on business through a permanent establishment (all such non-excluded taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and liabilities being hereinafter referred to as "Taxes"). If the Company shall be required by any Laws to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under any Loan Document to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01), each of the Administrative Agent and such Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Company shall make such deductions, (iii) the Company shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable Laws, and (iv) within 30 days after the date of such payment, the Company shall furnish to the Administrative Agent (which shall forward the same to such Lender) the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof. (b) In addition, the Company agrees to pay any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary taxes and any other excise or property taxes or charges or similar levies which arise from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document (hereinafter referred to as "Other Taxes"). (c) If the Company shall be required to deduct or pay any Taxes or Other Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under any Loan Document to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Company shall also pay to the Administrative Agent or to such Lender, as the case may be, at the time interest is paid, such additional amount that the Administrative Agent or such Lender specifies is necessary to preserve the after-tax yield (after factoring in all taxes, including taxes imposed on or measured by net income) that the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have received if such Taxes or Other Taxes had not been imposed. (d) [COMPANY] agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender for (i) the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes (including any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 3.01) paid by the Administrative Agent and such Lender, (ii) amounts payable under Section 3.01(c) and (iii) any liability (including additions to tax, penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, in each case whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. Payment under this Section 25 3.01(d) shall be made within 30 days after the date the Lender or the Administrative Agent makes a demand therefor. (e) If any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, receives a refund (whether by way of a direct payment or by offset) of any Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Company under this Section 3.01 which, in the reasonable good faith judgment of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, is allocable to such payment, the amount of such refund (net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid to the Company if (i) payment of the Taxes or Other Taxes being refunded has been made in full as and when required pursuant to this Section 3.01 and (ii) the Company agrees in writing to repay the amount of such refund, together with interest thereon, to the applicable Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the event such Lender or the Administrative Agent is required to repay such refund to the Governmental Authority that imposed the Tax or Other Tax being refunded. 3.02 ILLEGALITY. (a) If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Eurodollar Rate Loans, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Company through the Administrative Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Committed Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Company shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. (b) Upon any Lender's giving notice and suspending its obligations relating to Eurodollar Rate Loans in accordance with Section 3.02(a), the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.16. 3.03 INABILITY TO DETERMINE RATES. If the Required Lenders determine that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Base Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan, or that the Eurodollar Base Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon 26 receipt of such notice, the Company may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. 3.04 INCREASED COST AND REDUCED RETURN; CAPITAL ADEQUACY. (a) If any Lender determines that as a result of the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any Law, or such Lender's compliance therewith, in either case after the Closing Date, there shall be any increase in the cost to such Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining Eurodollar Rate Loans or a reduction in the amount received or receivable by such Lender in connection with any of the foregoing (excluding for purposes of this Section 3.04(a) any such increased costs or reduction in amount resulting from (i) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to which Section 3.01 shall govern), (ii) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall gross income by the United States or any foreign jurisdiction or any political subdivision of either thereof under the Laws of which such Lender is organized or has its Lending Office, and (iii) reserve requirements utilized in the determination of the Eurodollar Rate), then from time to time upon demand of such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), the Company shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduction; provided that no Lender shall be entitled to receive additional amounts with respect to any period prior to six months prior to making such demand. (b) If any Lender determines that the introduction of any Law regarding capital adequacy or any change therein or in the interpretation thereof, in either case after the Closing Date, or compliance by such Lender (or its Lending Office) therewith, has the effect of reducing the rate of return on the capital of such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender as a consequence of such Lender's obligations hereunder (taking into consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy and such Lender's desired return on capital), then from time to time upon demand of such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), the Company shall pay to such Lender such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender for such reduction; provided that no Lender shall be entitled to receive additional amounts with respect to any period prior to six months prior to making such demand. 3.05 FUNDING LOSSES. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Company shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); (b) any failure by the Company (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Eurodollar Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Company; or 27 (c) any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 10.16; including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Company to the Lenders under this Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Base Rate used in determining the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 3.06 MATTERS APPLICABLE TO ALL REQUESTS FOR COMPENSATION. (a) A certificate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender claiming compensation under this Article III and setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In determining such amount, the Administrative Agent or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. (b) Upon any Lender's making a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or if the Company is required to pay amounts to any Lender under Section 3.01 as a result of any Taxes or Other Taxes, in each case the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.16. 3.07 SURVIVAL. All of the Company's obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 4.01 CONDITIONS OF INITIAL CREDIT EXTENSION. The obligation of each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) The Administrative Agent's receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or facsimiles (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its legal counsel: (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent each Lender and the Company; (ii) if requested by any Lender at least two Business Days before the Closing Date, a Note executed by the Company in favor of each Lender so requesting a Note; 28 (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers or the corporate secretary or assistant secretary of the Company as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Company is a party; (iv) each of the following documents: (1) the articles or certificate of incorporation and the bylaws of the Company as in effect on the Closing Date, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company as of the Closing Date; and (2) a good standing and tax good standing certificate for the Company from the applicable Secretary of State (or similar, applicable Governmental Authority) of the States of Delaware and California dated as of a recent date; (v) a favorable opinion, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, of Ivan D. Meyerson, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, as to the matters set forth in Exhibit C and such other matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; (vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company: (1) certifying that: (a) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of such date, as though made on and as of such date; (b) no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the initial Borrowing; (c) there has occurred since March 31, 2002, no event or circumstance that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (2) designating the Closing Date; and (3) indicating the Debt Ratings; (vii) evidence that the Existing Credit Agreements have been or concurrently with the Closing Date are being terminated and any amounts outstanding thereunder have been paid in full; and (viii) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders reasonably may require. 29 (b) Any fees required by the Loan Documents to be paid to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid. (c) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Company shall have paid all Attorney Costs of the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of Attorney Costs as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of Attorney Costs incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Company and the Administrative Agent). (d) The Closing Date shall have occurred on or before October 31, 2002. 4.02 CONDITIONS TO ALL CREDIT EXTENSIONS. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Committed Loan Notice (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent: (a) The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.08(a) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant Sections 6.01(a) and (b), respectively. (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension. (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Committed Loan Notice in accordance with the requirements hereof. Each Committed Loan Notice (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) submitted by the Company shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. [COMPANY] represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender that: 5.01 [COMPANY] and each of its Subsidiaries: (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization; 30 (b) has the power and authority and all required governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to own its assets, carry on its business and to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party; (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; and (d) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law; except, (i) with respect to Subsidiaries of the Company other than Material Subsidiaries, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) with respect to the Company and its Material Subsidiaries (A) in each case referred to in clause (c) or clause (d), to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (B) in each case referred to in clause (d), the Disclosed Matters. 5.02 CORPORATE AUTHORIZATION; NO CONTRAVENTION. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which the Company is party, and any Borrowing as of the date of such Borrowing have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not and will not: (a) contravene the terms of the Company's Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, any document evidencing any Contractual Obligation to which the Company is a party or any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority to which the Company or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Requirement of Law. 5.03 GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, the Company of the Agreement or any other Loan Document. 5.04 BINDING EFFECT. This Agreement and each other Loan Document to which the Company is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 5.05 LITIGATION. Except as disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002 and the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, each as filed with the SEC (including but not limited to the Disclosed Matters), there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending, or to the best knowledge of 31 the Company, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against the Company, or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties which: (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; or (b) if determined adversely to the Company or its Subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as of the Closing Date. No injunction, writ, temporary restraining order or any order of any nature has been issued by any court or other Governmental Authority purporting to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or directing that the transactions provided for herein or therein not be consummated as herein or therein provided. 5.06 NO DEFAULT. No Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the incurring of any Obligations by the Company. As of the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation in any respect which, individually or together with all such defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as of the Closing Date, or that would, if such default had occurred after the Closing Date, create an Event of Default under Section 8.01(e). 5.07 USE OF PROCEEDS; MARGIN REGULATIONS. The proceeds of the Loans are to be used solely for the purposes set forth in Section 6.10. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is generally engaged in the business of purchasing or selling Margin Stock or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. 5.08 FINANCIAL CONDITION. (a) The (i) [COMPANY] Statements and (ii) unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries dated June 30, 2002, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for the three months ended on that date: (A) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, subject in the case of the unaudited statements to ordinary, good faith year end audit adjustments; (B) fairly present the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and results of operations for the period covered thereby; and (C) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the date thereof required to be shown in accordance with GAAP. (b) As of the Closing Date, since March 31, 2002, there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 32 5.09 REGULATED ENTITIES. None of the Company, any Person controlling the Company, or any Subsidiary, is an "investment company" within the meaning of the [COMPANY] Act of 1940. [COMPANY] is not subject to regulation under the [COMPANY] Act of 1935, the Federal Power Act, the Interstate Commerce Act, any state public utilities code, or any other Federal, state or other statute or regulation limiting its ability to incur Indebtedness. 5.10 NO BURDENSOME RESTRICTIONS. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any Contractual Obligation, or subject to any restriction in any Organization Document, or any Requirement of Law, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.11 SUBSIDIARIES AND CERTAIN LIENS AS OF THE CLOSING DATE. As of the Closing Date, the Company has no Subsidiaries other than those listed in part (a) of Schedule 5.11 hereto. As of the Closing Date, part (b) of Schedule 5.11 describes all outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries for borrowed money in excess of $25,000,000 that is secured by a Lien existing on property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 5.12 DISCLOSED MATTERS. As of the Closing Date, based on information available to the Company on the Closing Date, it is unlikely that, prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date, any actions, suits, proceedings or governmental investigations, pending or threatened, comprising or resulting from the Disclosed Matters would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under any Loan Document. ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than Obligations under Section 10.05 that remain contingent after termination of the Commitments and payment of all other Obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, unless the Required Lenders waive compliance in writing: 6.01 [COMPANY] shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of Deloitte & [COMPANY] or another nationally-recognized independent certified public accountant, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP and shall not be subject to any "going concern" or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit; and (b) as soon as available, but in any event within 60 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, beginning with the fiscal quarter 33 ending September 30, 2002, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Company's fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(b), the Company shall not be separately required to furnish such information under clause (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Company to furnish the information and materials described in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) at the times specified therein. 6.02 CERTIFICATES; [COMPANY] shall deliver to the Administrative Agent: (a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company; (b) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Company, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Company may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; and (c) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Company or any Subsidiary or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(b) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Company posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Company's website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Company's behalf on IntraLinks/IntraAgency or another relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (i) upon request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Company shall deliver to such Person paper copies of such documents and (ii) the Company shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent and each Lender of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in 34 every instance the Company shall be required to provide paper copies of the Compliance Certificates required by Section 6.02(a) to the Administrative Agent. Except for such Compliance Certificates, the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 6.03 [COMPANY] shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender: (a) of the occurrence of any Default; (b) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (c) promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Company obtaining knowledge thereof of (i) the institution of, or non-frivolous threat of, any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively "Proceedings") not previously disclosed in writing by the Company to the Lenders or (ii) any material development in any Proceeding that, in the case of clause (i) or (ii) above, (1) if adversely determined, has a reasonable possibility of giving rise to a Material Adverse Effect; or (2) seeks to enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of, or to recover any damages or obtain relief as a result of, the transactions contemplated hereby, together with such other information as may be reasonably available to Company that the Administrative Agent requests to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to evaluate such matters. (d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Company or any Subsidiary; (e) of any announcement by Moody's or S&P of any change or possible change in a Debt Rating; and (f) of (i) the occurrence of any ERISA Event with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount in excess of $15,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, or (ii) the existence of an amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities), which exceeds 3% of Net Worth. Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 35 6.04 PRESERVATION OF EXISTENCE, [COMPANY] shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, (a) preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.02 and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all governmental rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary in the normal conduct of its business, except in connection with transactions permitted by Section 7.02 and except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6.05 [COMPANY] shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance (including self-insurance) with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as the Company reasonably deems prudent from time to time. 6.06 [COMPANY] shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets (other than obligations that a Responsible Officer is not aware of or are of a nominal amount), unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary. 6.07 [COMPANY] shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with the Requirements of Law applicable to it or to its business, except in such instances in which (a) a Requirement of Law is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6.08 [COMPANY] shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, maintain in all material respects proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Company and such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 6.09 [COMPANY] shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Company; provided, however, that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the reasonable expense of the Company at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 36 6.10 [COMPANY] shall use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes (including the refinancing of existing indebtedness, acquisitions and commercial paper back-up) not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document. ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than Obligations under Section 10.05 that remain contingent after termination of the Commitments and payment of all other Obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, unless the Required Lenders waive compliance in writing: 7.01 [COMPANY] shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following ("Permitted Liens"): (a) any Lien existing on property of the Company or any Subsidiary on the Closing Date securing Indebtedness outstanding on such date; (b) any Lien created under any Loan Document; (c) Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; (d) carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', materialmen's, landlords', repairmen's or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty; (e) pledges or deposits required in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA; (f) Liens on the property of the Company or any Subsidiary securing (i) the non-delinquent performance of bids, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, (ii) contingent obligations on surety and appeal bonds, and (iii) other non-delinquent obligations of a like nature; in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided all such Liens in the aggregate would not (even if enforced) cause a Material Adverse Effect; (g) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; 37 (h) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to banker's liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution; provided that (i) such deposit account is not a dedicated cash collateral account and is not subject to restrictions against access by the Company in excess of those set forth by regulations promulgated by the FRB, and (ii) such deposit account is not intended by the Company or any Subsidiary to provide collateral to the depository institution; (i) Any other Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA or any Lien for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges that is not expressly permitted under Section 7.01(c)); provided that the aggregate amount of all Permitted Liens shall not exceed at any time 25% of Net Worth. 7.02 [COMPANY] shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, liquidate, dissolve, merge, amalgamate, consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except: (a) any Subsidiary may merge with the Company, provided that the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation, or with any one or more Subsidiaries, provided that if any transaction shall be between a Subsidiary and a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the Wholly-Owned Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving corporation; (b) [COMPANY] or any Subsidiary of [COMPANY] may amalgamate with [COMPANY] or with any one or more of the Company's Subsidiaries and any of the Company's Subsidiaries may amalgamate with any one or more of the Company's Subsidiaries; (c) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer or exchange all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Company or another Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; and (d) the Company may merge with another Person provided that the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation and no Default or Event of Default is in effect immediately prior to or on the date of or would result from such merger. 7.03 [COMPANY] shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use any Credit Extension, directly or indirectly, (i) to purchase or carry Margin Stock, (ii) to repay or otherwise refinance indebtedness of the Company or others incurred to purchase or carry Margin Stock, (iii) to extend credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock, or (iv) to acquire any security in any transaction that is subject to Section 13 or 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 38 7.04 [COMPANY] shall not permit the ratio of Total Debt to Total Capitalization as at the last day of any calendar month to exceed 0.565 to 1.00. 7.05 [COMPANY] shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, enter into Swap Contracts only in the ordinary course of business and not for any purpose other than for hedging an underlying agreement. ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 8.01 EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: (a) [COMPANY] fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan or (ii) within five days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan, or any facility, utilization or other fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or (b) [COMPANY] fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.04(a) or Article VII; or (c) [COMPANY] fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b)) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 20 days after the earlier of (i) in the case of any provision in Article VI, the date upon which a Responsible Officer knew of such failure or (ii) the date upon which written notice thereof is given to the Company by the Administrative Agent or any Lenders; or (d) Representations and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or (e) Cross-Default. (i) [COMPANY] or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $25,000,000 and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the relevant document on the date of such failure, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $25,000,000 or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the relevant document on the date of such failure, or any other event occurs, 39 the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded, or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Company or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Company or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Company or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than $25,000,000; or (f) Insolvency; [COMPANY] or any Material Subsidiary (i) ceases or fails to be solvent, or generally fails to pay, or admits in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, subject to applicable grace periods, if any, whether at stated maturity or otherwise; (ii) voluntarily ceases to conduct its business in the ordinary course; (iii) commences any Insolvency Proceeding with respect to itself; or (iv) takes any action to effectuate or authorize any of the foregoing; or (g) Involuntary Proceedings. (i) Any involuntary Insolvency Proceeding is commenced or filed against the Company or any Material Subsidiary, or any writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process, is issued or levied against a substantial part of the Company's or any Material Subsidiary's properties, and any such proceeding or petition shall not be dismissed, or such writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process shall not be released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty (60) days after commencement, filing or levy; (ii) the Company or any Material Subsidiary admits the material allegations of a petition against it in any Insolvency Proceeding, or an order for relief (or similar order under non-U.S. law) is ordered in any Insolvency Proceeding; or (iii) the Company or any Material Subsidiary acquiesces in the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, mortgagee in possession (or agent therefor), or other similar Person for itself or a substantial portion of its property or business; or (h) ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount in excess of $25,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, or (ii) there shall exist an amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities), which exceeds 5% of Net Worth. 8.02 REMEDIES UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 40 (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans to be terminated, whereupon such commitments shall be terminated; (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Company; and (c) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or applicable law; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Company under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, except in the case of Section 8.01(g)(i), in which case upon the expiration of the 60-day period mentioned therein if the curative action mentioned in such clause is not taken, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans shall automatically terminate and the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 8.03 APPLICATION OF FUNDS. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans and other Obligations have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including Attorney Costs and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; Third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; and Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Company or as otherwise required by Law. 41 ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 9.01 APPOINTMENT AND AUTHORIZATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to it by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall the Administrative Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term "agent" herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. 9.02 DELEGATION OF DUTIES. The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 9.03 LIABILITY OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. No Agent-Related Person shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any Lender or participant for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by the Company or any officer thereof, contained herein or in any other Loan Document, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for any failure of the Company or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Lender or participant to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Company or any Affiliate thereof. 9.04 RELIANCE BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. 42 (a) The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution, representation, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, facsimile, telex or telephone message, electronic mail message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby in any instance) and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders. (b) For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 9.05 NOTICE OF DEFAULT. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest and fees required to be paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or the Company referring to this Agreement, describing such Default and stating that such notice is a "notice of default." The Administrative Agent will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default as may be directed by the Required Lenders in accordance with Article VIII; provided, however, that unless and until the Administrative Agent has received any such direction, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default as it shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the Lenders. 9.06 CREDIT DECISION; DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. Each Lender acknowledges that no Agent-Related Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of the Company or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material information in their possession. Each Lender represents to the Administrative Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and 43 creditworthiness of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Company hereunder. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Company. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of the Company or any of its Affiliates which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related Person. 9.07 INDEMNIFICATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders shall indemnify upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company and without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so), pro rata, and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it; provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities to the extent determined in a final, nonappealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent-Related Person's own gross negligence or willful misconduct; provided, however, that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 9.07. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse the Administrative Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Company. The undertaking in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations and the resignation of the Administrative Agent. 9.08 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY. Bank of America and its Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire equity interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting or other business with the Company and its Affiliates as though Bank of America were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without notice to or consent of the Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, Bank of America or one of its Affiliates may receive information regarding the Company or its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of the Company or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to provide such information to them. With respect to its Loans, Bank of America shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise such rights and powers 44 as though Bank of America were not the Administrative Agent hereunder, and the terms "Lender" and "Lenders" include Bank of America in its individual capacity. 9.09 SUCCESSOR ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. The Administrative Agent may resign as Administrative Agent upon 30 days' notice to the Lenders. If the Administrative Agent resigns under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders, which successor agent shall be consented to by the Company at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default (which consent of the Company shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). If no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders and the Company, a successor agent from among the Lenders. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor agent hereunder, the Person acting as such successor agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent and the term "Administrative Agent" shall mean such successor administrative agent and the retiring Administrative Agent's appointment, powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated. After the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article IX and Sections 10.04 and 10.05 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under this Agreement. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as Administrative Agent by the date which is 30 days following the retiring Administrative Agent's notice of resignation, the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above. 9.10 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT MAY FILE PROOFS OF CLAIM. In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to the Company, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Company) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for 45 the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07 and 10.04. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 9.11 OTHER AGENTS; ARRANGERS AND MANAGERS. None of the Lenders or other Persons identified on the facing page or signature pages of this Agreement as a "syndication agent," "documentation agent," "co-agent," "book manager," "lead manager," "arranger," "lead arranger" or "co-arranger" shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than, in the case of such Lenders, those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 10.01 AMENDMENTS, ETC. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Company, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: (a) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01(a) (other than any condition pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(viii)) without the written consent of each Lender; (b) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) except as permitted by Section 2.12 without the written consent of such Lender; (c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or (subject to clause (iii) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided, however, that only the consent of the Required 46 Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of "Default Rate" or to waive any obligation of the Company to pay interest at the Default Rate; (e) change Section 2.11 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender; or (f) change any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition of "Required Lenders" or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; and, provided further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (ii) Section 10.07(h) may not be amended, waived or otherwise modified without the consent of each Granting Lender all or any part of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment, waiver or other modification; and (iii) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, only in a writing executed by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender. 10.02 NOTICES AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS; FACSIMILE COPIES. (a) General. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission). All such written notices shall be mailed, faxed or delivered to the applicable address, facsimile number or (subject to Section 10.02(c)) electronic mail address, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: (i) if to the Company or the Administrative Agent, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties; and (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent. All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to be given or made upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the relevant party hereto and (ii) (A) if delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by or on behalf of the relevant party hereto; (B) if delivered by mail, four Business Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid; (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone; and (D) if delivered by electronic mail (which form of delivery is subject to the provisions of Section 10.02(c)), when delivered; 47 provided, however, that notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until actually received by the Administrative Agent. In no event shall a voicemail message be effective as a notice, communication or confirmation hereunder. (b) Effectiveness of Facsimile Documents and Signatures. Loan Documents may be transmitted and/or signed by facsimile. The effectiveness of any such documents and signatures shall, subject to applicable Law, have the same force and effect as manually-signed originals and shall be binding on the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. The Administrative Agent may also require that any such documents and signatures be confirmed by a manually-signed original thereof; provided, however, that the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any facsimile document or signature. (c) Limited Use of Electronic Mail. Electronic mail and Internet and intranet websites may be used only to distribute routine communications, such as financial statements and other information as provided in Section 6.02, and to distribute Loan Documents for execution by the parties thereto, and may not be used for any other purpose. (d) Reliance by the Administrative Agent and Lenders. The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company which the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, believes in good faith to have been given by a duly authorized officer or other person authorized to borrow on behalf of the Company even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. [COMPANY] shall indemnify each Agent-Related Person and each Lender from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company. All telephonic notices to and other communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 10.03 NO WAIVER; CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 10.04 ATTORNEY COSTS, [COMPANY] agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the development, preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including all Attorney Costs, and (b) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and each 48 Lender for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement, attempted enforcement, or preservation of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any "workout" or restructuring in respect of the Obligations and during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law), including all Attorney Costs. The foregoing costs and expenses shall include all search, filing, recording, title insurance and appraisal charges and fees and taxes related thereto, and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and the cost of independent public accountants and other outside experts retained by the Administrative Agent or any Lender. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable within 20 Business Days after demand therefor. The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. 10.05 INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Company shall jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person, each Lender and their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents and attorneys-in-fact (collectively the "Indemnitees") from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements (including Attorney Costs) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any such Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with (a) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance or administration of any Loan Document or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, (b) any Commitment, Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom or (c) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding) and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing, collectively, the "Indemnified Liabilities"); provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements which (i) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (ii) result from claims by a Borrower against such Indemnitee that are successful on the merits as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement, nor shall any Indemnitee have any liability for any indirect or consequential damages relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the Closing Date). All amounts due under this Section 10.05 shall be payable within 20 Business Days after demand therefor. The agreements in this Section 10.05 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 10.06 PAYMENTS SET ASIDE. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Company is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of set-off, and such payment or the proceeds of such set-off or any 49 part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such set-off had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. 10.07 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of their rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(b), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(d), (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Sections 10.07(f) and (i), or (iv) to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07(h) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 10.07(d) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that (i) except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if "Trade Date" is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); (ii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, (iii) any assignment of a Commitment must be approved by the Administrative Agent unless the Person that is the proposed assignee is itself a Lender (whether or not the proposed assignee would otherwise qualify as an Eligible Assignee); and (iv) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 50 10.07(c), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, 10.04 and 10.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Upon request, the Company (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 10.07(b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.07(d). (c) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent's Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the "Register"). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. (d) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or the Company or any of the Company's Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a "Participant") in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) unless a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company shall have approved the sale of participations to such Person (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); (ii) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (iii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iv) the Company, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that directly affects such Participant. Subject to Section 10.07(e), the Company agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.07(b). To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.09 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.11 as though it were a Lender. 51 (e) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Company's prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 unless the Company is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Company, to comply with Section 10.15 as though it were a Lender. (f) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. (g) As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings: "Eligible Assignee" means (a) a Lender; (b) an Affiliate of a Lender; and (c) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Administrative Agent, and (ii) unless a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, "Eligible Assignee" shall not include the Company or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries. (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a "Granting Lender") may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Company (an "SPC") the option to provide all or any part of any Committed Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund any Committed Loan, and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Committed Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Committed Loan pursuant to the terms hereof; provided further that no such grant to an SPC shall impose Taxes or Other Taxes on the Company. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Company under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 3.04), (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable, and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes, including the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document, remain the lender of record hereunder. The making of a Committed Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Committed Loan were made by such Granting Lender. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior debt of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, or liquidation proceeding under the laws of the United 52 States or any State thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without prior consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or any portion of its right to receive payment with respect to any Committed Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Committed Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety or Guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Note, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations or securities, provided that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of this Section 10.07, (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under the Loan Documents even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise. For purposes of this Section 10.07(i), "Fund" means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 10.08 CONFIDENTIALITY. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to maintain, and to cause its Affiliates (including any Agent-Related Persons) to maintain, the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates' directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential); (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Person; (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (d) to any other party to this Agreement; (e) to the extent reasonably required, in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder; (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.08, to (i) any Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any direct or indirect contractual counterparty or prospective counterparty (or such contractual counterparty's or prospective counterparty's professional advisor) to any credit derivative transaction relating to obligations of the Company under the Loan Documents; (g) with the consent of the Company; or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.08 or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company; provided, however, that to the extent permitted by applicable law or regulation, each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to notify the Company prior to (if reasonably practicable) or concurrently with its disclosure of such information to any third party pursuant to clauses (c) and (f). In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and public information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in 53 connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Commitments, and the Credit Extensions. For the purposes of this Section 10.08, "Information" means all information received from the Company relating to the Company or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company; provided that, in the case of information received from the Company after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.08 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 10.09 SET-OFF. In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Lender is authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to the Company, any such notice being waived by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held by, and other indebtedness at any time owing by, such Lender to or for the credit or the account of the Company against any and all Obligations owing to such Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document, now or hereafter existing, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have made demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that of the applicable deposit or indebtedness. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Company and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and application made by such Lender; provided, however, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 10.10 INTEREST RATE LIMITATION. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the "Maximum Rate"). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Company. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 10.11 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 10.12 INTEGRATION. This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, comprises the complete and integrated agreement of the parties on the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, on such subject matter. In the event 54 of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control; provided that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in any other Loan Document shall not be deemed a conflict with this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof. 10.13 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied. 10.14 SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 10.15 TAX FORMS. (a) (i) Each Lender that is not a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (a "Foreign Lender") shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, prior to receipt of any payment subject to withholding under the Code (or upon accepting an assignment of an interest herein), two duly signed completed copies of either IRS Form W-8BEN or any successor thereto (relating to such Foreign Lender and entitling it to an exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax on all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Company pursuant to this Agreement) or IRS Form W-8ECI or any successor thereto (relating to all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Company pursuant to this Agreement) or such other evidence satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent that such Foreign Lender is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. withholding tax, including any exemption pursuant to Section 881(c) of the Code. Thereafter and from time to time, each such Foreign Lender shall (A) promptly submit to the Administrative Agent such additional duly completed and signed copies of one of such forms (or such successor forms as shall be adopted from time to time by the relevant United States taxing authorities) as may then be available under then current United States laws and regulations to avoid, or such evidence as is satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent of any available exemption from or reduction of, United States withholding taxes in respect of all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, (B) promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction, and (C) take such steps as shall not be materially disadvantageous to it, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, and as may be reasonably 55 necessary (including the re-designation of its Lending Office) to avoid any requirement of applicable Laws that the Company make any deduction or withholding for taxes from amounts payable to such Foreign Lender. (ii) Each Foreign Lender, to the extent it does not act or ceases to act for its own account with respect to any portion of any sums paid or payable to such Lender under any of the Loan Documents (for example, in the case of a typical participation by such Lender), shall deliver to the Administrative Agent on the date when such Foreign Lender ceases to act for its own account with respect to any portion of any such sums paid or payable, and at such other times as may be necessary in the determination of the Administrative Agent (in the reasonable exercise of its discretion), (A) two duly signed completed copies of the forms or statements required to be provided by such Lender as set forth above, to establish the portion of any such sums paid or payable with respect to which such Lender acts for its own account that is not subject to U.S. withholding tax, and (B) two duly signed completed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor thereto), together with any information such Lender chooses to transmit with such form, and any other certificate or statement of exemption required under the Code, to establish that such Lender is not acting for its own account with respect to a portion of any such sums payable to such Lender. (iii) [COMPANY] shall not be required to pay any additional amount to any Foreign Lender under Section 3.01 (A) with respect to any Taxes required to be deducted or withheld on the basis of the information, certificates or statements of exemption such Lender transmits with an IRS Form W-8IMY pursuant to this Section 10.15(a) or (B) if such Lender shall have failed to satisfy the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.15(a); provided that if such Lender shall have satisfied the requirement of this Section 10.15(a) on the date such Lender became a Lender or ceased to act for its own account with respect to any payment under any of the Loan Documents, nothing in this Section 10.15(a) shall relieve the Company of its obligation to pay any amounts pursuant to Section 3.01 in the event that, as a result of any subsequent change in any applicable law, treaty or governmental rule, regulation or order, or any subsequent change in the interpretation, administration or application thereof, such Lender is no longer properly entitled to deliver forms, certificates or other evidence at a subsequent date establishing the fact that such Lender or other Person for the account of which such Lender receives any sums payable under any of the Loan Documents is not subject to withholding or is subject to withholding at a reduced rate. (iv) The Administrative Agent may, without reduction, withhold any Taxes required to be deducted and withheld from any payment under any of the Loan Documents with respect to which the Company is not required to pay additional amounts under this Section 10.15(a). (b) Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, each Lender that is a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Administrative Agent two duly signed completed copies of IRS Form W-9. If such Lender fails to deliver such forms, then the Administrative Agent may withhold from any interest payment to such Lender an amount equivalent to the applicable back-up withholding tax imposed by the Code, without reduction. 56 (c) If any Governmental Authority asserts that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold or backup withhold, as the case may be, any tax or other amount from payments made to or for the account of any Lender, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent therefor, including all penalties and interest, any taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on the amounts payable to the Administrative Agent under this Section 10.15, and costs and expenses (including Attorney Costs) of the Administrative Agent. The obligation of the Lenders under this Section 10.15 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and the resignation of the Administrative Agent. 10.16 REPLACEMENT OF LENDERS. Under any circumstances set forth herein providing that the Company shall have the right to replace a Lender as a party to this Agreement, or if the Administrative Agent and the Company have mutually determined that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, in either case the Company may, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, replace such Lender by causing such Lender to assign its Commitment (with the assignment fee to be paid by the Company in such instance) pursuant to Section 10.07(b) to one or more other Lenders or Eligible Assignees procured by the Company; provided, however, that if the Company elects to exercise such right with respect to any Lender pursuant to Section 3.06(b), it shall be obligated to replace all Lenders that have made similar requests for compensation pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04. [COMPANY] shall (i) pay in full all principal, interest, fees and other amounts owing to such Lender through the date of replacement (including any amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.05), and (ii) release such Lender from its obligations under the Loan Documents. Any Lender being replaced shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Lender's Commitment and outstanding Loans. 10.17 GOVERNING LAW. (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, the LAW OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State; PROVIDED THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER SHALL RETAIN ALL RIGHTS ARISING UNDER FEDERAL LAW. (b) ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE COMPANY, THE ADMINISTRATIVE Agent AND EACH LENDER CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. THE COMPANY, THE ADMINISTRATIVE Agent AND EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO. THE COMPANY, THE ADMINISTRATIVE Agent AND EACH LENDER WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER 57 PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF SUCH STATE. 10.18 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE; AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION 10.18 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 58 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. MCKESSON CORPORATION By: /s/ William R. Graber --------------------------------------------------- Name: William R. Graber Title: Sr. Vice President & [COMPANY] Officer and By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono --------------------------------------------------- Name: Nicholas A. Loiacono Title: Vice President and Treasurer BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: /s/ Kevin Ahart --------------------------------------------------- Name: Kevin Ahart Title: [COMPANY] Officer BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender By: /s/ Richard L. Nichols Jr. --------------------------------------------------- Name: Richard L. Nichols Jr. Title: Managing Director JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, as a Lender By: /s/ William Rindfuss --------------------------------------------------- Name: William Rindfuss Title: Vice President WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By: /s/ Jeanette A. Griffin --------------------------------------------------- Name: Jeanette A. Griffin Title: Vice President BANK ONE, NA, as a Lender By: /s/ Kandis A. Jaffrey --------------------------------------------------- Name: Kandis A. Jaffrey Title: Director US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By: /s/ Douglas A. Rich --------------------------------------------------- Name: Douglas A. Rich Title: Vice President TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS), INC., as a Lender By: /s/ Jano Nixon --------------------------------------------------- Name: Jano Nixon Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Lender By: /s/ Jon Burckin --------------------------------------------------- Name: Jon Burckin Title: Managing Director LEHMAN BROTHERS BANK, FSB, as a Lender By: /s/ Gary T. Taylor --------------------------------------------------- Name: Gary T. Taylor Title: Vice President WELLS FARGO BANK, NA, as a Lender By: /s/ Lauren Downum --------------------------------------------------- Name: Lauren Downum Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as a Lender By: /s/ Rebecca K. Levine --------------------------------------------------- Name: Rebecca K. Levine Title: Vice President SUNTRUST BANK, as a Lender By: /s/ William D. Priester --------------------------------------------------- Name: William D. Priester Title: Vice President FIFTH THIRD BANK, as a Lender By: /s/ Jeff Assenmacher --------------------------------------------------- Name: Jeff Assenmacher Title: Large Corporate Officer SCHEDULE 2.01 COMMITMENTS AND PRO RATA SHARES LENDER TOTAL COMMITMENT TOTAL PRO RATA SHARE - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Bank of America, N.A. $ 105,000,000.00 19.090909091% JPMorgan Chase Bank $ 100,000,000.00 18.181818182% Wachovia Bank, National Association $ 87,500,000.00 15.909090909% Bank One, NA $ 62,500,000.00 11.363636364% US Bank National Association $ 37,500,000.00 6.818181818% Toronto Dominion (Texas), Inc. $ 37,500,000.00 6.818181818% The Bank of Nova Scotia $ 37,500,000.00 6.818181818% Lehman Brothers Bank, FSB $ 25,000,000.00 4.545454545% Wells Fargo Bank, NA $ 20,000,000.00 3.636363636% The Bank of New York $ 12,500,000.00 2.272727273% SunTrust Bank $ 12,500,000.00 2.272727273% Fifth Third Bank $ 12,500,000.00 2.272727273% TOTALS: $ 550,000,000.00 100.000000000% 1 SCHEDULE 5.11 SUBSIDIARIES AND INDEBTEDNESS SECURED BY LIENS Part (a). Subsidiaries. 1258741 [COMPANY]. 3068312 Nova Scotia ULC 646543 [COMPANY] 650032 [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] (Deutschland) [COMPANY] (Europe) [COMPANY] (International) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Foremost Homes Hawaii, [COMPANY] Foremost Shir, Inc. Foremost Tehran, [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] HBO & Company (ST&SW) Ltd. HBO & Company (VI), [COMPANY], [COMPANY] J. Knipper and Company, Inc. * KWS & P, Inc. KWS & P / SFA, Inc. * Sale pending 1 [COMPANY] (Cayman Islands) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] of [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] (Gibraltar) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] (Netherlands) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] (International) (Gibraltar) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. 2 [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY], Inc. McKessonHBOC (Gibraltar) [COMPANY] [COMPANY], Inc. Purchasing Alliance for [COMPANY], [COMPANY], Inc. VPI Gezondheidszorg B.V. Zee Medical Canada, Inc. Zee Medical, Inc. Part (b). Indebtedness in Excess of $25,000,000 Secured by Liens. As of August 31, 2002, the Company and its Subsidiaries had an outstanding debt of approximately $16,186,500 for borrowed money with respect to the Company's headquarters building at One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 in Midland, Kansas (the "Building"). This constitutes 50% of the total amount outstanding (approximately $32,373,000) under the mortgage on the [COMPANY]'s wholly owned subsidiary, [COMPANY], owns an undivided 50% interest in the property that is subject to the mortgage and, under the terms of the mortgage documents, is liable for 50% of the mortgage debt. However, the related Lien (securing the obligations of both [COMPANY] and the co-owner) attaches to the entire property and, as a result, the total amount outstanding under the mortgage is "Indebtedness" of the Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to clause (h) of the definition of that term in this Agreement, notwithstanding that neither the Company nor its Subsidiary is obligated to pay the 50% portion of the mortgage debt that is owed by the property's co-owner. 3 SCHEDULE 10.02 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT'S OFFICE, CERTAIN ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES COMPANY: Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460-5296 U.S.A. Attention: Nicholas A. Loiacono, Vice President and Treasurer Telephone: (415) 983-9339 Facsimile: (415) 983-8826 Electronic mail: nicholas.loiacono@www.apexhealthdist.com Website address: www.apexhealthdist.com ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: Administrative Agent's Contact for Payments and Requests for Credit Extensions: Bank of America, N.A. 101 N. Tryon Street Mail Code: NC1-001-15-04 Charlotte, North Carolina 28255-0001 Attention: Wade Duncan Telephone: (704) 388-2374 Facsimile: (704) 409-0619 Electronic Mail: wade.duncan@bankofamerica.com Account No.: 1366212250600 Ref: [COMPANY] ABA# 053000196 Other Notices as Administrative Agent: Bank of America, [COMPANY] 1455 Market Street Mail Code: CA5-701-05-19 Midland, Kansas 94103 Attention: Kevin Ahart Telephone: (415) 436-2750 Facsimile: (415) 503-5000 Electronic Mail: kevin.ahart@bankofamerica.com 1 EXHIBIT A FORM OF COMMITTED LOAN NOTICE Date: ___________, _____ To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2002 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the "Agreement;" the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The undersigned hereby requests (select one): [ ] A Borrowing of Revolving Loans [ ] A conversion of Loans [ ] A continuation of Loans [ ] Borrowing of Term Loans 1. On ___________________________________(a Business Day). 2. In the amount of $___________________. 3. Comprised of [Eurodollar Rate Loans] [Base Rate Loans]. [Type of Committed Loan requested] 4. For Eurodollar Rate Loans: with an Interest Period of________ months. [The Borrowing requested herein complies with the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.01 of the Agreement.] MCKESSON CORPORATION By: _______________________ Name: _____________________ Title: ____________________ A-1 EXHIBIT B FORM OF NOTE __________________ FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the "Company"), hereby promises to pay to _____________________ or registered assigns (the "Lender"), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Company under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2002 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the "Agreement;" the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Company, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as [COMPANY] promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender in Dollars in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent's Office. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement. This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. [COMPANY], for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note. B-1 THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. MCKESSON CORPORATION By: _______________________ Name: _____________________ Title: ____________________ B-2 LOANS AND PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT THERETO AMOUNT OF PRINCIPAL OR OUTSTANDING END OF INTEREST PRINCIPAL TYPE OF AMOUNT OF INTEREST PAID THIS BALANCE NOTATION DATE LOAN MADE LOAN MADE PERIOD DATE THIS DATE MADE BY - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ EXHIBIT C OPINION MATTERS Consistent with opinions under the Existing Agreements, the matters contained in the following Sections of the Agreement should be covered by the legal opinion: - Section 5.01(a) and (b) - Section 5.02 - Section 5.03 - Section 5.04 - Section 5.05 - Section 5.07 - Section 5.09 C-1 EXHIBIT D [COMPANY] Statement Date: _______, To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2002 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the "Agreement;" the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he/she is the__________________________ of the Company, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of the Company, and that: [Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal YEAR-END financial statements] 1. Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the year-end audited financial statements required by Section 6.01(a) of the Agreement for the fiscal year of the Company ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such section. [Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal QUARTER-END financial statements] 1. Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the unaudited financial statements required by Section 6.01(b) of the Agreement for the fiscal quarter of the Company ended as of the above date. Such financial statements fairly present the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 2. The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements. 3. A review of the activities of the Company during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to determining whether during such fiscal period the Company performed and observed all its Obligations under the Loan Documents, and [SELECT ONE:] D-1 [TO THE BEST KNOWLEDGE OF THE UNDERSIGNED DURING SUCH FISCAL PERIOD, THE COMPANY PERFORMED AND OBSERVED EACH COVENANT AND CONDITION OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS APPLICABLE TO IT.] --OR-- [THE FOLLOWING COVENANTS OR CONDITIONS HAVE NOT BEEN PERFORMED OR OBSERVED AND THE FOLLOWING IS A LIST OF EACH SUCH DEFAULT AND ITS NATURE AND STATUS:] 4. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article V of the Agreement, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection with the Loan Documents, are true and correct on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except for purposes of this Compliance Certificate, the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.08(a) of the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Agreement, including the statements in connection with which the Compliance Certificate is delivered. 5. The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on Schedule 2 attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the date of this Certificate. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of __________________ , ____________. MCKESSON CORPORATION By: _______________________ Name: _____________________ Title: ____________________ D-2 For the Quarter/Year ended ___________________("Statement Date") SCHEDULE 2 to the Compliance Certificate ($ in 000's) Section 7.04: Maximum Total Debt to Capitalization Ratio 1. Total Capitalization (a) Total Debt $________ (b) Capital stock and additional paid-in-capital $________ (c) Retained earnings (accumulated deficits) $________ (d) Sum of (a), (b) and (c): $________ 2. Ratio of Total Debt (Item 1(a)) to Total Capitalization (Item 1(d)): _____:_____ 3. Maximum Ratio Permitted under Section 7.04: 0.565:1.00 D-3 EXHIBIT E ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION This Assignment and Assumption (this "Assignment and Assumption") is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the "Assignor") and [Insert name of Assignee] (the "Assignee"). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (the "Credit Agreement"), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor's rights and obligations as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including, without limitation, Guarantees included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the "Assigned Interest"). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 1. Assignor: ______________________________ 2. Assignee: ______________________________ [and is an Affiliate of [identify Lender]] 3. Borrower: Apex Health Distribution 4. Administrative Agent: Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 5. Credit Agreement: The Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2002, among Apex Health Distribution, the Lenders parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto E-1 6. Assigned Interest: Aggregate Amount of Amount of Percentage Commitment Commitment Assigned of for all Lenders* Assigned* Commitment(1) - --------------------------------------------------------------------------- $________________ $________________ ______________% $________________ $________________ ______________% $________________ $________________ ______________% [7. Trade Date: __________________](2) Effective Date: __________________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: ASSIGNOR [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] By: _____________________________ Title: ASSIGNEE [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] By: _____________________________ Title: - -------------- * Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. (1) Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment of all Lenders thereunder. (2) To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date. E-2 Consented to and Accepted: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: _________________________________ Title: Consented to: Apex Health Distribution By: _________________________________ Title: E-3 ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2002 AMONG MCKESSON CORPORATION, THE LENDERS PARTY THERETO AND BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties. 1.1. Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 1.2. Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the Annex-1 obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to or on or after the Effective Date. The Assignor and the Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Administrative Agent for periods prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves. 3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of California. Annex-2
EXHIBIT 10.41 EXECUTION COPY PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS PURCHASE AGREEMENT ("Agreement"), dated as of December 31, 2002 is entered into between McKESSON CAPITAL CORP., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of Delaware, with its principal office at One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 ("Seller") and GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser"), having an office at 20225 Watertower Blvd., Suite 300 Brookfield, Wisconsin 53045. W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, Seller is, among other things, in the business of leasing and financing the acquisition of various types of equipment, and in connection therewith, has originated or otherwise acquired interests in certain equipment financing transactions; and WHEREAS, Seller desires to sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to purchase from Seller, all of Seller's right to receive certain payments due to Seller pursuant to such financing transactions; WHEREAS, Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation and the parent company of Seller ("Parent"), will execute and deliver simultaneous herewith a guaranty of the obligations of Seller hereunder and under any ancillary documents executed in connection with the transactions contemplated herein in the form of Exhibit C hereto (the "Guaranty"); and WHEREAS, this Agreement is intended to state each party's agreement with respect to such sale and purchase. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: ARTICLE I CERTAIN DEFINITIONS Account shall mean any financing transaction listed on Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof. Account Documents shall mean, with reference to each individual Account, the rental or lease agreements (whichever is applicable), any schedules, collateral security agreements, letters of credit, certificates of deposit, guaranties, bills of sale, assignments, cross-default and/or cross collateral agreements, or any other agreements, documents or instruments evidencing a payment obligation under, providing security for, or otherwise executed and delivered by any Account Party in connection with an Account, including any document evidencing any Credit Enhancement, but excluding any Ancillary Agreement. Account Party shall mean any renter, lessee, buyer, borrower, guarantor or other party named in any Account Document (other than any Apex Health Distribution Affiliate) or otherwise obligated to make payments on any Account. Affiliate shall mean with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person. Ancillary Agreements shall mean any maintenance agreement, services agreement, license or license agreement, software agreement, manufacturing or supply agreement, however designated, and any other agreements not relating to the payment of rental or lease amounts in respect of any Equipment, from time to time existing between any Apex Health Distribution Affiliate and any Account Party or any Affiliate of any Account Party. Assignment shall mean the Bill of Sale and Assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit B to this Agreement. Business Day shall mean any day other than a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or required by law to close. Closing Date Servicer Advances shall have the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a). Closing Payment Amount shall mean $117,931,996.67 (being the Preliminary Purchase Price less the Closing Date Servicer Advances). Confidential Information shall mean all trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information disclosed orally, visually or in writing by one party to this Agreement to the other party. Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, all information disclosed to Purchaser by Seller identifying, or with respect to, any customer of Seller. Confidential Information does not include information that: (i) is approved for release by the written authorization of Seller; (ii) Purchaser can show was already in its possession at the time of disclosure; (iii) is or becomes publicly available by other than unauthorized disclosure by Purchaser; (iv) is received by Purchaser from a third party who Purchaser reasonably believes is rightfully in possession of such information free of any obligation to maintain its confidentiality; or (v) is independently developed by Purchaser without access to the Confidential Information. Contract Rights shall mean the rights of Seller under the Account Documents to the extent related to the Payment Rights. Credit Enhancement shall mean any (i) security deposit, unapplied advance or rental or lease payment, (ii) investment certificate, certificate of deposit, hypothecation of investment or deposit account or like instrument, (iii) letter of credit, repurchase agreement, agreement of indemnity or guarantee, or (iv) recourse agreement, in each case, pledged, assigned, or transferred as security for the performance of any obligation to make a Payment. Equipment shall mean the equipment related to the Accounts. 2 Event of Bankruptcy shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to a Person when: (a) Such Person shall consent to the appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or liquidator (or other similar official) of itself, or of a substantial part of its property, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they come due, a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such Person is generally not paying its debts as they come due or such Person shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (b) Such Person shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or a voluntary petition or an answer seeking reorganization in a proceeding under any bankruptcy laws (as now or hereafter in effect) or an answer admitting the material allegation of a petition filed against such Person in any such proceeding, or such Person shall, by voluntary petition, answer or consent, seek relief under the provisions of any now existing or future bankruptcy or other similar law providing for the reorganization or winding up of debtors, or providing for an agreement, composition, extension or adjustment with its creditors; (c) any assignment of rights or delegations of duties by such Person with respect to its duties or rights under this Agreement, except as specifically permitted under this Agreement, or any attempt to make such an assignment or delegation; and (d) a petition against such Person in a proceeding under applicable bankruptcy laws or other insolvency laws, as now or hereafter in effect, shall be filed and shall not be stayed, withdrawn or dismissed within 60 days thereafter, or if, under the provisions or any law providing for reorganization or winding up of debtors which may apply to such Person, any court of competent jurisdiction shall assume jurisdiction, custody or control of such Person, or any substantial part of its property, and such jurisdiction, custody or control shall remain in force unrelinquished, unstayed or unterminated for a period of 60 days. Financial Institution shall mean any commercial bank, finance company or any other Person primarily engaged in the business of providing financial services or financial products, organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof. Governmental Entity shall mean a federal, state, provincial, local, county, municipality or other governmental, regulatory or administrative agency, department, commission, board, bureau, or other authority or instrumentality, domestic or foreign. Lockbox Account shall have the meaning given to such term in the Services Agreement. Lockbox Account Documents shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.1(f). Loss shall mean any loss, cost, damage, liability, deficiency, fine, penalty or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and other professional or expert fees), and damages to, loss of use of or decrease in value. Lien shall mean any lien, security interest, claim or encumbrance. 3 MAH shall mean [COMPANY]., a Pennsylvania corporation (successor in interest to [COMPANY].). MAS shall mean [COMPANY]., a Louisiana corporation (successor in interest to [COMPANY].). Apex Health Distribution Affiliate shall mean Apex Health Distribution, together with each of its Subsidiaries. Payment Rights shall mean the rights to receive the Payments. Payments shall mean all lease or rental payments due or to become due on an Account as of the date hereof, and shall include without limitation late charges and all amounts due for Taxes to the extent that the Account Documents require that an Account Party is responsible therefor, but excluding (a) any payments required to be made to Seller in respect of any indemnity claim on account of Tax or third party obligations incurred by Seller in connection with any Equipment, Account or Account Document, (b) any payment owing upon any default, termination event or casualty event under any Account Document, to the extent relating to or providing compensation in respect of any residual interest in the Equipment, or (c) without duplication, any payments in respect of any Retained Payment Rights. Permitted Assignee shall mean any Person that (a) is a Financial Institution, (b) does not, either directly or through any of its Subsidiaries, engage in the Restricted Activities and (c) has agreed to be bound by Section 7.15 of this Agreement. For purposes of determining whether an Affiliate of Purchaser is a Permitted Assignee, such Affiliate shall satisfy clause (b) above so long as such Affiliate does not control directly or with Purchaser or any Subsidiary of Purchaser or such Affiliate a business engaged in the business described in such clause (b). Person shall mean any natural person, trust, corporation, limited liability company, estate, joint stock association, partnership, firm or Governmental Entity. Preliminary Purchase Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a). Purchase Date shall mean the date on which Purchaser purchases the Purchased Assets and delivers the Closing Payment Amount to Seller. Purchase Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 3.2(a). Purchased Assets shall mean the Contract Rights and the Payment Rights. Restricted Activities shall mean providing information technology or software, or providing information technology support or services, to healthcare organizations and providers (including, without limitation, integrated delivery networks, hospitals, extended care facilities, physician group practices, home health providers, managed care providers and payors) relating directly or indirectly to the management of healthcare related resources, inventory, records, data, workflow, quality control systems or revenues, and other similar services engaged in by [COMPANY]. from time to time. 4 Retained Payment Rights shall mean (i) all Ancillary Payments (as defined in the Services Agreement), (ii) all payments due or to become due in respect of rentals or leases of equipment other than the Equipment, (iii) payments due or to become due in respect of the Residual Interest (as defined in the Services Agreement), (iv) all payments due or to become due in respect of any sales, use or property tax or similar charge by any Governmental Authority with respect to any Equipment, and (v) any and all amounts payable to Seller pursuant to Section 7.17 of this Agreement. Software shall mean any proprietary software, in object code, licensed to an Account Party in connection with or in relation to any Equipment. Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person, any entity of which more than 50% of the voting stock or other equity interest is owned directly or indirectly by such Person, or which is controlled by such Person, pursuant to any management agreement or otherwise. Taxes shall mean any and all federal, state, local or foreign taxes, fees, charges or assessments of any nature upon or in regard to the Purchased Assets, Accounts, the Account Documents or the related Equipment, levied or assessed at any time, including, but not limited to, any sales, use, transfer or similar taxes, transactions, intangibles, ad valorem, value-added, registration, title, license, stamp, personal property, Federal highway use, custom, duty or other tax, governmental fee or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever (other than and not including income or franchise taxes), together with any interest, penalties or additions thereto. UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the applicable jurisdiction. Upgrade shall mean, in respect of any Equipment, any new release or any new version of such Equipment, or additional enhancements, functionality or features, for which the Apex Health Distribution Affiliates charge their customers. ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 2.1 Representations and Warranties of Seller. Seller, as of the date hereof, hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchaser, each of which is true and correct on the date hereof: (a) Organization, Power and Qualification. (i) Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and is duly qualified and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its activities requires such qualifications; (ii) Seller has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to take any action and execute any documents required by the terms hereof; 5 (iii) This Agreement and all related transactions (including, without limitation, the ability to transfer and convey the Purchased Assets) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate proceedings, and this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Seller, and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Purchaser, is a legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof; (iv) No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of, or with, any court or regulatory authority or other governmental body having jurisdiction over Seller, the absence of which would adversely affect the legal and valid execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement or the documents and instruments contemplated hereby or the taking by Seller of any actions contemplated herein, is required; (v) None of Seller's execution and delivery of this Agreement, Seller's consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or Seller's fulfillment of or compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement conflicts with or results in a breach of or a default under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any legal restriction by which Seller is a party or is now bound (including, without limitation, any judgment, order, injunction, decree or ruling of any court or governmental authority, or any federal, state, local or other law, statute, rule or regulation) or any covenant or agreement or instrument to which Seller is now a party, or by which Seller or any of Seller's property is now bound, and none of such execution, delivery, consummation or compliance by Seller will violate or result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of Seller; (vi) Seller has valid title to the Purchased Assets, free and clear of any Lien, and Seller has not previously assigned, sold or hypothecated any interest that it has in any Purchased Asset, and upon consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, Seller will convey to Purchaser the Purchased Assets and will be entitled to all of the benefits due and owing to Seller under the Account Documents relating to the Purchased Assets; (vii) There is no action, suit or proceeding pending, or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened, against Seller in any court or by or before any Governmental Entity which would materially affect the ability of Seller to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (viii) The chief executive office of Seller is the address stated in the recitals above. (b) Account Representations. The parties acknowledge that Seller is a party to the Master Lease Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of January 1, 2000 between Seller and Apex Health Distribution Automated Healthcare, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation ("MAH"), and the Lease Receivables Purchase and Service Agreement dated as of October 1, 2001 between Seller and [COMPANY]., a Louisiana corporation ("MAS"), pursuant to which Seller has acquired its interest in the Purchased Assets and the Equipment. For each Account: 6 (i) Each Account and Account Document is genuine and, in reliance, in part, on Purchaser's representation in Section 2.2(c)(vi) herein, all of the Purchased Assets are assignable by Seller to Purchaser without the prior written consent of, or prior notice to, any Account Party; (ii) Each Account was originated in connection with the sale, financing or refinancing of one or more units of Equipment for commercial or other business use, and all costs, fees and expenses of Seller, MAH or MAS, as the case may be, incurred in connection with the closing or commencement of each such Account and any Account Document have been paid; (iii) Each Account was originated by MAH or MAS, as the case may be, and interests therein acquired by Seller, in each case, in the ordinary course of business of MAH, MAS or Seller, as the case may be; (iv) The terms and conditions contained in the Account Documents reflect the entire agreement between parties thereto in relation to the Payment Rights and there are no other oral or written agreements or representations to which Seller is a party in connection therewith; (v) None of Seller, MAH nor MAS, as the case may be, has directly or indirectly, in any way, extended or otherwise restructured the payment terms or any other material term or condition of any Account Document affecting or relating to any Payment Right, or made any extension or other accommodation to any Account Party for purposes of changing or beneficially affecting the delinquency status of any Account; (vi) Purchaser has been provided with a copy of each form of lease agreement and rental agreement affecting or relating to any Payment Rights and there has been no material deviations therefrom in any provisions that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the enforceability of the Payment Rights; (vii) All names, addresses, amounts, dates, signatures and other statements of facts contained in the Account Documents are genuine, true and correct in all material respects, to the extent that any inaccuracy or lack of correctness would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect upon any Payment Right; (viii) Exhibit A correctly reflects Seller's best estimate of the total amount of Payments to be made on each Account that will be payable to Purchaser after the date hereof (net of any sales, use or similar taxes thereon); (ix) No Payment on an Account to which Seller is entitled that has a due date after the date hereof has been prepaid; (x) Each Account Document complies in all material respects with all applicable federal, state, local and other laws, rules, regulations and requirements 7 promulgated by any Governmental Entity with respect to the creation of such obligation, the billing or collection of discounts, fees or similar charges, the amount of interest or other charges which may be collected and the disclosure of discounts, fees, interest or other charges, including without limitation, laws pertaining to usury, truth-in-lending, installment or conditional sales and sales financing; each Account Document represents the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Account Party, enforceable under all applicable laws against such Account Party in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforcement of remedies may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws; to the Seller's knowledge, neither the billing and collection nor the enforcement of any Account Document in accordance with express contractual terms thereof will result in the violation of any laws heretofore enacted by or regulations promulgated or heretofore issued by any Governmental Entity; (xi) Except as set forth at Schedule 2.1(b)(xi), no Account is delinquent in the payment of any amount due thereunder, no Event of Bankruptcy has occurred and is continuing with respect to any Account Party, each Account is without default as to payment thereunder or under any Account Document and no Account or Account Document is subject to any legally valid defense, setoff, claim, recoupment, deduction, right of rescission or counterclaim (other than any existing under a contract, instrument or agreement between any Account Party and Purchaser); (xii) Except as set forth at Schedule 2.1(b)(xii), there are no claims, suits, actions, administrative, arbitration or other proceedings or governmental investigations, including, without limitation, any counterclaims or claims by any Account Party, pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller, MAH or MAS relating to the Accounts or the acquisition, collection or administration of the Accounts; none of MAH, MAS or Seller has received any notice of, and, to the knowledge of Seller, there is no valid basis for, any claim or assertion of liability against MAH, MAS or Seller relating to the Accounts or the acquisition, collection or administration thereof; none of MAH, MAS or Seller has been party to any proceeding, and, to the knowledge of Seller, there has not been any investigation by or before any regulatory authority in connection with the business practices of MAH, MAS or Seller with respect to the Accounts, or the acquisition, collection or administration thereof; (xiii) Any down payment or advance rental or lease payment that may be required to be paid by an Account Party pursuant to the Account Documents on the Equipment related to each Account has been fully paid in cash and no part thereof has been loaned, directly or indirectly, by MAH, MAS or Seller (or by any predecessor-in-interest to MAH, MAS or Seller), as the case may be; (xiv) All Equipment has been delivered to, and unconditionally and irrevocably accepted under and for purposes of the applicable Account Document, by the Account Party; 8 (xv) Seller has no knowledge of noncompliance of any Equipment with any applicable federal, state, local or other law, rule or regulation and, to the best of Seller's knowledge, all Equipment is in good and working condition; (xvi) MAH or MAS, as the case may be, has valid title to or a perfected security interest in, with respect to Account Documents constituting "leases intended as security" (as such term is interpreted under applicable provisions of the UCC) only, the Equipment, free and clear of any Lien; Seller has valid title to or a perfected security interest in the Purchased Assets and, with respect to Purchased Assets relating to Account Documents constituting "leases intended as security" (as such term is interpreted under applicable provisions of the UCC) only, the Equipment, free and clear of any Lien; and none of MAH, MAS or Seller, as the case may be, has previously assigned, sold or hypothecated any interest that it has in any Purchased Asset or Equipment; (xvii) Attached hereto as Schedule 2.1(b)(xvii) is a list, by item or type, of Credit Enhancements that have been issued for the benefit of Seller to secure any Payment; (xviii) No part of any property in which a security interest has been created to secure any obligation to make a Payment has been released from such security interest except for releases in cases of repairs and replacements; (xix) None of MAH, MAS or Seller, as the case may be, has collected and is not holding any Credit Enhancement that constitutes a security deposit or prepaid amount relating to any Payment; (xx) Except as provided at Schedule 2.1(b)(xx), the Equipment is properly insured as required by the Account Documents, and, to Seller's knowledge, none of MAH, MAS or Seller, as the case may be, has been informed of nor received any notice of any pending claims by or through any Account Party against the manufacturer or supplier of any of the Equipment based on express or implied warranties, product liability or otherwise; (xxi) Except as set forth in Schedule 2.1(b)(xi), each Account Party is in full compliance with the Account Documents, except to the extent any noncompliance would not reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect upon any Payment Right; (xxii) Each Account Document constituting a promissory note, certificated security (as defined in the UCC), bond, warrant or chattel paper (as defined in the UCC) obtained as collateral, is the original and only original of such document and is in the possession of Seller; (xxiii) Except as provided at Schedule 2.1(b)(xxiii), all outstanding Taxes levied or assessed against each respective Account or the related Equipment have been fully paid by Seller or by the Account Party, as the case may be; 9 (xxiv) Except as set forth at Schedule 2.1(b)(xxiv), MAH or MAS, as the case may be, has filed UCC financing statements in respect of each Account, naming the applicable lessee as debtor and specifying the Equipment as collateral or subject to a lease; and Seller has filed UCC financing statements in respect of the Purchased Assets and the Equipment; (xxv) No Credit Enhancement that constitutes a broker fee or reserve or any other commission or similar fee directly, or indirectly, is due or owing now or in the future with respect to any Account; and (xxvi) There are no civil, criminal or administrative actions, suits, claims, hearings, injunctive proceedings, investigations or proceedings (including, but not limited to, any counterclaims) pending or threatened against Seller or any Affiliate of Seller with respect to any Account or Account Document, and none of MAH, MAS or Seller has received any notice in respect thereof. (c) Brokers. No person acting on behalf of Seller or under the authority of Seller, is or will be entitled to any brokers' or finders' fee or any other commission or similar fee, directly or indirectly, from any of the parties hereto in connection with any of the transactions contemplated hereby. Section 2.2 Representations and Warranties of Purchaser. Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to Seller as of the date hereof as follows: (a) Organization, Power and Qualification. (i) Purchaser is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation and is duly qualified and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its activities requires such qualification; (ii) Purchaser has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to take any action and execute any documents required by the terms hereof; (iii) This Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate proceedings, has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Purchaser, and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Seller, is a legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof; (iv) No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of, or with, any court of law or regulatory authority or other governmental body having jurisdiction over Purchaser, the absence of which would adversely affect the legal and valid execution, delivery and performance by Purchaser of this Agreement or the purchase contemplated hereunder, is required; 10 (v) None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or the fulfillment of or compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement conflict with or result in a breach of or a default under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any legal restriction (including, without limitation, any judgment, order, injunction, decree or ruling or any court or governmental authority, or any federal, state, local or other law, statute, rule or regulation) or any covenant or agreement or instrument to which Purchaser is now a party, or by which Purchaser or any of Purchaser's property is bound, nor does such execution, delivery, consummation or compliance violate or result in the violation of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of Purchaser; (b) Brokers. No person acting on behalf of the Purchaser or under the authority of Purchaser is or will be entitled to any broker's or finder's fee or any other commission or similar fee, directly or indirectly, from any of the parties hereto in connection with any of the transactions contemplated hereby. (c) Purchaser's Business; Diligence; Non-Reliance. (i) Purchaser is entering into this Agreement in the ordinary course of its business; (ii) Purchaser has obtained and is in good standing under all licenses, consents and approvals of any and all Governmental Entities as necessary in order to undertake the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, in respect of usury laws; (iii) Purchaser does not engage in the Restricted Activities; (iv) Purchaser is acquiring the Purchased Assets for its own account for investment and not with a view or intent to resell or distribute the Purchased Assets. Purchaser understands that, accordingly, the Purchased Assets and the transaction contemplated hereby are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or state securities or "blue sky" laws, and that the Purchased Assets are being sold to it in a transaction that is exempt from securities registration requirements under such laws. If in the future Purchaser decides to dispose of the Purchased Assets, it agrees that it will do so only in a transaction exempt from the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and exempt under state securities or "blue sky" laws; (v) Purchaser (A) has reviewed the Account Documents and other due diligence materials requested by or made available to it as it deems appropriate and has consulted with its own legal, accounting, equipment and tax advisors with respect thereto; (B) has made an independent credit investigation and evaluation of Seller and the financing terms that are the subject of the Account Documents on the basis of such information as it has deemed appropriate; (C) has entered into this Agreement on the basis of its own independent evaluation; (C) will continue 11 to make its own credit decisions, based on such information as it deems appropriate, in connection with the Purchased Assets; and (E) has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to enable it to evaluate the merits and risks of acquiring the Purchased Assets. Purchaser acknowledges that it has relied on no representations or warranties of Seller other than those set forth expressly in this Agreement and the Services Agreement; and (vi) Purchaser is a Financial Institution. ARTICLE III CERTAIN AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES Section 3.1 Agreement to Purchase and Sell. In reliance upon the representations and warranties set forth above and subject to the fulfillment of all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Seller hereby agrees to sell, assign, transfer and set over to Purchaser, and Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase, and without recourse to Seller or any other Apex Health Distribution Affiliate, except as provided in Section 6.1 and Section 6.2 hereof, the Purchased Assets. Said sale and assignment of the Purchased Assets shall be effective as of the date hereof, subject to satisfaction of the conditions specified in Section 4.1 and Section 4.2 hereof. Contemporaneously with the Closing, Seller shall execute and deliver the Bill of Sale and Assignment in the form of Exhibit B hereto and in accordance with Section 4.1 hereof. THIS AGREEMENT IS INTENDED TO REFLECT A SALE OF 100% OF SELLER'S RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST IN AND TO THE PURCHASED ASSETS AND SHALL IN NO WAY BE CONSTRUED AS AN EXTENSION OF CREDIT BY PURCHASER TO SELLER. Section 3.2 Purchase Price. (a) The aggregate purchase price is $120,166,811.44 (the "Preliminary Purchase Price"), subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 3.3 herein (as so adjusted, the "Purchase Price"), which amount includes Servicer Advances (as defined in the Services Agreement and as described in Schedule 2.1(b)(xi)) in the amount of $2,234,814.77, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 3.3 herein (the "Closing Date Servicer Advances"). The portion of the total Purchase Price allocable to the fees for [COMPANY] (as defined in the Services Agreement) to be performed by Seller under the Services Agreement equals $500,000. Purchaser shall pay (i) the Closing Payment Amount, and (ii) if the Purchase Price less the Closing Date Servicer Advances is greater than the Closing Payment Amount, the amount by which the Purchase Price less the Closing Date Servicer Advances exceeds the Closing Payment Amount, to Seller, in any case without deduction, setoff, claim or counterclaim, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to Seller's account in accordance with Schedule 3.2(a). The Seller shall, if the Closing Payment Amount is greater than the Purchase Price less the Closing Date Servicer Advances, pay the amount by which the Closing Payment Amount exceeds the Purchase Price less the Closing Date Servicer Advances to Purchaser, without deduction, setoff, claim or counterclaim, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to Purchaser's account in accordance with Schedule 3.2(a). 12 (b) The sale and assignment made in this Section shall not diminish, alter or affect in any way any Account Party's obligations under any Account or the related Account Documents, which are and shall be in full force and effect. Section 3.3 Post-Closing Procedures. (a) During the period of sixty (60) days following the date hereof, each of Seller and Purchaser shall be entitled to perform all procedures and take any other steps that it deems appropriate to confirm that the information set forth on Exhibit A is true, complete and correct and conforms with the terms and conditions of the Account Documents. Within such 60-day period, each of Seller and Purchaser may, by delivery of a writing to the other party, propose changes to the information set forth in such specified columns of Exhibit A ("Proposed Changes") and suggested adjustments to the Purchase Price using a discount rate of 6.21% applied to scheduled future Payments as of the date hereof ("Proposed Adjustments"), each calculated as the increase or decrease in the Payment balance resulting from the Proposed Change, such change to be calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States consistent with Seller's past practices. (b) If Seller shall fail to respond to any of Purchaser's Proposed Changes or Proposed Adjustments within thirty (30) days after receipt by Seller thereof, Seller shall be deemed to have accepted such Proposed Change or Proposed Adjustment. If Purchaser shall fail to respond to any of Seller's Proposed Changes or Proposed Adjustments within thirty (30) days after receipt by Purchaser thereof, Purchaser shall be deemed to have accepted such Proposed Change or Proposed Adjustment. (c) In the event of any dispute between Seller and Purchaser regarding any Proposed Change or Proposed Adjustment that cannot be resolved within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof by Seller or Purchaser, as applicable, each of Seller and Purchaser shall have the right, upon delivery of written notice to the other party, to require that such dispute be resolved by a public accounting firm with nationally recognized auditing expertise, which shall be jointly selected by Purchaser and Seller and, if Seller and Purchaser cannot so agree, shall be selected by lot from two or more public accounting firms with nationally recognized auditing expertise, each of whom shall not have been selected by Parent or [COMPANY] to audit its consolidated financial statements for the then-current fiscal year or any of the three immediately preceding fiscal years (the "Selected Accounting Firm"). The Selected Accounting Firm shall resolve only issues upon which Purchaser and Seller have been unable to agree. Seller and Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enable the decision of the Selected Accounting Firm to be rendered within thirty (30) Business Days after the appointment of the Selected Accounting Firm. Each of Seller and Purchaser reserves all legal and other equitable rights and remedies to enforce or challenge the decision rendered by the Selected Accounting Firm. (d) Each of Seller and Purchaser shall pay its own fees and expenses in connection with the tasks outlined in this Section 3.3. All fees and expenses of the Selected Accounting Firm shall be borne pro rata by Seller and Purchaser in proportion to the allocation of the disputed amount between Seller and Purchaser by the Selected Accounting Firm, such that the prevailing party pays a lesser portion, or none, of such fees and expenses. 13 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS TO PURCHASE Section 4.1 Purchaser's Conditions Precedent to Purchase. The obligation of Purchaser to purchase the Purchased Assets is subject to the fulfillment (or waiver by Purchaser) of each of the following conditions precedent: (a) Purchaser shall receive an Assignment and Bill of Sale in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto, executed by Seller; (b) Seller shall not be in default in the performance of any obligation hereunder or under the Services Agreement in any material respect, and all representations and warranties of Seller contained herein or in the Services Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects; (c) No MCC Event of Default (as defined in the Services Agreement) shall have occurred and be continuing; (d) Seller shall have executed and delivered to Seller the Services Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the "Services Agreement"); and (e) Seller shall cause to be delivered to Purchaser, in form and substance satisfactory to Purchaser, such opinions of counsel as Purchaser may reasonably request regarding certain issues related to the transactions contemplated herein, including, without limitation, (1) the status of Seller, (2) the perfection of a security interest in the Purchased Assets in favor of Purchaser, and (3) the enforceability of the Assignment and Bill of Sale in favor of Purchaser. Section 4.2 Seller's Conditions Precedent to Purchase. The obligation of Seller to sell to Purchaser the Purchased Assets is subject to the fulfillment (or waiver by Seller) of each of the following conditions precedent; (a) Purchaser shall deliver to Seller the Closing Payment Amount in accordance with Section 3.2(a) hereof; (b) Purchaser shall have executed and delivered to Seller the Services Agreement; and (c) The Purchaser shall not be in default in the performance of any obligation hereunder or under the Services Agreement in any material respect, and all representations and warranties of Purchaser contained herein or in the Services Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects. 14 ARTICLE V PROTECTION OF PURCHASER Section 5.1 UCC-1 Financing Statements; Turnover of Documents to Purchaser. (a) Where applicable, Seller at its own expense will execute and deliver to Purchaser, within five (5) Business Days following the date hereof, financing statements on Form UCC-1 prepared by Purchaser necessary to perfect Purchaser's first priority security interest in the Purchased Assets. (b) If requested by Purchaser, Seller, at its own cost and expense, will promptly deliver to Purchaser copies of any or all Account Documents to the extent relating to the Purchased Assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the termination by Purchaser of the Services Agreement pursuant to Section 11 of the Services Agreement, Seller shall, at its own cost and expense, deliver to Purchaser promptly following such default: (i) originals of any or all Account Documents constituting chattel paper (as defined in the UCC); (ii) originals of all Account Documents relating solely to the Purchased Assets; (iii) copies of all other Account Documents; and (iv) such other memorialized data, documents and records related to the documents referenced in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above (including without limitation true copies of any computer tapes and data in computer memories) as Purchaser may reasonably deem necessary to enable it to enforce its rights thereunder or protect its position as owner or holder of the Purchased Assets. In addition, in the event that Purchaser assumes servicing responsibilities for any Account pursuant to Section 2 of Exhibit A to the Services Agreement, the Seller shall deliver the documents described in clauses (i) through (iv) above that relate to such Account. After any delivery under this Section 5.1(b), Seller will not keep or retain any executed counterpart or other copy of any such documents referenced in clauses (i) and (ii) above, or related material, without clearly marking the same to indicate conspicuously that the same is not the original and that transfer thereof does not transfer any rights against any Account Party or any other Person. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, Seller shall have no obligation to deliver to Purchaser any documents relating to Exempt Materials (as defined in the Services Agreement). Section 5.2 Protection of Ownership Interest of Purchaser. (a) Seller will from time to time do and perform any and all acts (other than the payment of money) and execute any and all documents (including, without limitation, the execution, amendment or supplementation of any financing statements or continuation statements relating to the Purchased Assets, the Accounts and/or the interests purchased pursuant hereto) for filing under the provisions of the UCC or other applicable statute of any applicable jurisdiction, the execution, amendment or supplementation of any instrument of transfer as may be reasonably requested by Purchaser in order to effect the purposes of this Agreement and the sale contemplated hereunder and to perfect and protect the interest of Purchaser in the Purchased Assets against all Persons whomsoever to the maximum extent necessary to protect Purchaser's interest; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as no MCC Event of Default or MCC Change of Control (each as defined in the Services Agreement) has occurred and is continuing, Seller shall be under no obligation (i) to obtain any estoppel, waiver or consent 15 from any Person relating to or in respect of any Equipment, (ii) to deliver original counterparts of any or all Account Documents to Purchaser, or (iii) to notify any Account Party of Purchasers' interest in the Purchased Assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Purchaser assumes servicing responsibilities for any Account pursuant to Section 2 of Exhibit A to the Services Agreement, Purchaser shall have the right to cause Seller to take the actions described in clauses (i) through (iii) above with respect to such Account. (b) As of the date hereof, Purchaser is hereby designated Seller's attorney-in-fact to sign and file, on behalf of Seller, financing and continuation statements and amendments thereto and any other documentation pertaining to the Purchased Assets and any other interests purchased pursuant hereto, to the extent consistent with the proviso contained in Section 5.2(a). Section 5.3 Administration of Taxes. (a) Payment of Taxes. After the date hereof, Seller shall pay all Taxes as levied by any taxing authority in any jurisdiction (i) with respect to the Payments and Purchased Assets on or prior to the date hereof and (ii) with respect to the Equipment and the Retained Payment Rights, and Purchaser or its Affiliates shall pay all Taxes as levied by any taxing authority in any jurisdiction with respect to the ownership of the Payments and Purchased Assets after the date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Taxes that are not the direct responsibility of Seller, MAH or MAS or Purchaser (including Taxes for which Seller, MAH or MAS or Purchaser is secondarily liable as collection agent), Seller or Purchaser, as the case may be, shall only be liable hereunder to the extent payment is received on account of such Taxes from the applicable Account Party. For purposes of this Section 5.3(b), (i) personal property taxes in respect of which the assessment (lien) date occurs on or before the date hereof shall be deemed to be Taxes levied by a taxing authority with respect to the ownership of the Purchased Assets on or prior to the date hereof and (ii) personal property taxes in respect of which the assessment (lien) date occurs after the date hereof shall be deemed to be Taxes levied by a taxing authority with respect to the ownership of the Purchased Assets after the date hereof. (b) Cooperation with Respect to Tax Returns. Purchaser and Seller agree to furnish or cause to be furnished to each other, and each at their own expense, as promptly as practicable, such information and assistance as is reasonably necessary for the filing of any Tax return, for the preparation for any audit, and for the prosecution or defense of any claim, suit or proceeding relating to any adjustment or proposed adjustment with respect to Taxes or any appraisal of the Purchased Assets. Seller shall retain in its possession all Tax returns and tax records relating to the Payments and the Purchased Assets that might be relevant to any taxable period ending on or prior to the date hereof until the relevant statute of limitations has expired. After such time, Seller may dispose of such materials, provided that prior to such disposition Seller shall give Purchaser a reasonable opportunity to take possession of such materials. (c) Transfer Taxes. Seller shall be liable for and shall pay (and shall indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser against) all sales, use, stamp, documentary, filing, recording, transfer or similar fees or taxes or governmental charges (including, without limitation, UCC filing fees, title recording or filing fees and other amounts payable in respect of transfer filings) as levied by any Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions 16 contemplated by this Agreement (other than taxes measured by or with respect to income imposed on Purchaser or its Affiliates). (d) Income Tax. Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Agreement, or in the Services Agreement or the Assignment, Seller shall not be responsible to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall not be responsible to Seller, for any federal, state or local taxes based upon or measured by net income or gains from the sale, transfer and assignment of the Purchased Assets from Seller to Purchaser. ARTICLE VI REPURCHASE AND INDEMNITY Section 6.1 Mandatory Repurchase. In the event of a Loss related to a Purchased Asset, solely to the extent arising from or directly related to a breach by Seller of any of its representations or warranties set forth in Article II of this Agreement, Seller will, within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of notice of such Loss (such notice to be delivered by Purchaser within 30 days after first becoming aware of the incurrence of such Loss and to contain in reasonable detail a description of such Loss and the relationship to such underlying breach), without first requiring Purchaser to proceed against any Account Party or any other Person for any security, repurchase the Purchased Asset directly affected thereby and pay Purchaser in cash an amount equal to (a) the portion of the Purchase Price allocable to such Purchased Asset (such allocation to be undertaken on a ratable basis, in accordance with the relative discounted Payments as of the Purchase Date), less (b) the amount of all Payments previously paid to Purchaser and allocable to such Purchased Asset, discounted to the Purchase Date at a per annum rate of 6.21%, plus (c) interest on the difference of (a) minus (b) calculated from the Purchase Date to the date of payment at 6.21% per annum. Upon receipt of such payment by Seller, Purchaser shall reassign the Purchased Asset, without recourse against or warranty by Purchaser, and shall promptly deliver a release regarding such Purchased Asset to Seller. Such payment shall constitute liquidated damages, and shall be the sole and exclusive remedy available to Purchaser in connection with or in respect of any such breach of representation and warranty. Section 6.2 Indemnification. Seller shall indemnify and save harmless Purchaser, its successors and Permitted Assigns from and against any and all suits, claims, counterclaims, Losses or liabilities of any kind Purchaser shall suffer as a result of: (a) any negligence of Seller, or of any agent or employee of Seller, or any warranty given by Seller in respect of the purchase, installation, delivery, maintenance and condition of any Equipment; (b) any breach by Seller of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement contained herein or in the Services Agreement, or in any Account Document not fully covered under Section 6.1 above; (c) any Loss, liability, demand or cause of action and any expense incidental to the defense thereof by Purchaser from the use, possession, operation or installation of any Equipment; and (d) any Taxes (including, without limitation, any sales tax, use tax, excise tax, personal property tax, assessments and ad valorem tax) and any governmental charges, fees, fines or penalties whatsoever, levied against any Payment for any periods prior to the date hereof and not paid by the respective Account Party or Seller and including any Taxes arising on the purchase and sale contemplated hereunder; provided, however, that, except for any indemnity sought pursuant to Section 6.2(b) above as to which this proviso shall not apply, notwithstanding any term or provision hereof to the contrary, Seller shall be under no obligation to indemnify or 17 save harmless Purchaser, its successors or assigns, from or against any suits, claims, counterclaims, Losses or liabilities of any kind that Purchaser shall suffer (i) solely to the extent arising from or directly related to any such indemnified Person's negligence or willful misconduct, (ii) to the extent the same constitutes directly or indirectly recourse for uncollectible or uncollected Payments, or (iii) to the extent resulting from any Event of Bankruptcy of any Account Party, or the unexcused failure of any Account Party to perform in accordance with the terms of the applicable Account Documents. Section 6.3 Survival. The rights and obligations of Seller under this Article 6 shall survive the execution of this Agreement, consummation of the purchase and sale contemplated hereunder, any Payment or any repurchase by Seller of any Purchased Asset. ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS Section 7.1 Recording and Other Fees. Seller agrees to pay all recording fees, assessments or other statutory fees necessary to perfect Purchaser's interests in the Purchased Assets purchased hereunder or in consummating the transactions contemplated hereby. Section 7.2 Successors and Assigns. Seller may not assign all or any of its rights or delegate all or any of its duties hereunder, other than to a Apex Health Distribution Affiliate. Subject to Section 16 of the Services Agreement, Purchaser may assign its rights hereunder to a Permitted Assignee without affecting Seller's duties and obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any indemnification and recourse obligations of Seller hereunder, provided, however, that no such assignment shall have the effect of increasing the recourse obligations of Seller. Section 7.3 Payments; Calculations. (a) Each payment to be made hereunder by Seller (not including payments from Account Parties being forwarded by Seller in its capacity as servicer under the Services Agreement) shall be made on the required payment date in lawful money of the United States and in immediately available or same day funds. (b) Any calculation of interest made under this Agreement shall be determined on the basis of a year of 365 days, actual days elapsed. (c) If Seller fails to pay any amount that may become due to Purchaser hereunder on its due date, then (i) interest shall accrue thereon from the due date until paid in full at a rate equal to 4% per annum, and (ii) Seller shall reimburse Purchaser upon demand for any and all collection costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by Purchaser. Section 7.4 Waivers. Except to the extent specific time periods are specified for exercising any power, right or remedy, no failure or delay on the part of Seller or Purchaser in exercising any power, right or remedy under this Agreement or, in the case of Purchaser, any assignment shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such 18 power, right or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy. Section 7.5 Notices; Publicity. (a) All communications and notices pursuant hereto, to any party shall be in writing and addressed or delivered to it at its address shown in the opening portion of this Agreement, or at such other address as may be designated by it by notice to the other party and shall be effective when received. (b) There shall be no press release or public announcement with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without both Seller's and Purchaser's prior written consent. Section 7.6 Deliveries to Purchaser. All terms and amounts to be delivered, remitted or otherwise furnished by Seller to Purchaser pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall, except as otherwise provided for herein, be delivered, remitted or furnished to Purchaser at its office at 20225 Watertower Blvd., Suite 300 Brookfield, Wisconsin 53045, or at such other place as may be agreed upon. Section 7.7 Merger and Integration; Amendments, Etc. This Agreement, the Services Agreement and the other agreements and instruments delivered hereunder set forth the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and all other and/or prior understandings, written or oral, are hereby superseded. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, waived, terminated or supplemented except in accordance with its express terms and in writing executed by Seller and Purchaser. Section 7.8 Headings and Cross-References. The various headings in this Agreement are included for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. References to any Section are to such Section of this Agreement. Section 7.9 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of New York (excluding its choice of law provisions). Section 7.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in two or more counterparts (and by different parties on separate counterparts), each of which shall be an original and all of which shall be taken together as one and the same agreement. Section 7.11 Severability. If any provision hereby is void or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such voidness or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of (i) such provision in any other jurisdiction or (ii) any other provision herein in such or any other jurisdiction. Section 7.12 Survival of Duties, Warranties and Representations. Each party hereto covenants that its respective duties, warranties and representations set forth in this Agreement, and in any document delivered or to be delivered in connection herewith, shall 19 survive the execution of this Agreement and the closing of the transactions contemplated hereunder. Section 7.13 Jury Trial Waivers. SELLER AND PURCHASER EACH HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, ANY OF THE RELATED DOCUMENTS, ANY DEALINGS BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR THEREOF, AND/OR THE RELATIONSHIP THAT IS BEING ESTABLISHED BETWEEN SELLER AND PURCHASER. The scope of this waiver is intended to be all encompassing of any and all disputes that may be filed in any court (including, without limitation, contract claims, tort claims, breach of duty claims, and all other common law statutory claims). THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING, AND THE WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THE AGREEMENT OR ANY RELATED DOCUMENTS. In the event of litigation, this Agreement may be filed as a written consent to a trial by the court. Section 7.14 Security Interest. The parties hereto intend that the transactions contemplated herein shall constitute a purchase and sale of the Purchased Assets. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, a court of competent jurisdiction were to hold that the purchase of the Purchased Assets hereunder does not constitute a valid sale or transfer of the Purchased Assets as set forth above, but instead constitutes a loan in the amount of the Purchase Price or otherwise, then this Agreement shall be deemed a present grant of a security interest (within the meaning of the UCC) in favor of the Purchaser and all of the Seller's right, title and interest in and to the Purchased Assets, the Equipment and the Lockbox Account to secure such loan in the initial amount of the Purchase Price. Seller hereby grants a first priority security interest to the Purchaser in all of the Seller's right, title and interest in and to the Purchased Assets, the Equipment and the Lockbox Account, and this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement within the meaning of the UCC. Section 7.15 Confidentiality. (a) Purchaser agrees that, except as required by judicial order or governmental laws or regulations, Purchaser shall use the Confidential Information solely for the purpose of administering and enforcing the transactions contemplated herein and in the Services Agreement and any document or instrument related thereto. Purchaser agrees to hold the Confidential Information in confidence by security measures, devices and procedures equal to those used by it in securing its own confidential documents, but in any event, by no less than a reasonable degree of care. Purchaser further agrees that the Confidential Information shall be disclosed by it only to those of its Affiliates, and those directors, officers, employees and representatives, including attorneys, accountants and auditors, of Purchaser who need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose of administering and enforcing the transactions contemplated herein and in the Services Agreement and any document or instrument related thereto, and, in the case of officers, directors and employees, who are engaged solely in the affairs of Purchaser (and not of any Affiliate of Purchaser that now or hereafter engages in the Restricted Activities). 20 (b) Seller agrees that it will not, and will instruct its representatives not to, disclose to any other Person any deal structuring or pricing information or strategies provided to it by Purchaser. Section 7.16 Regulation. Seller and Purchaser acknowledge and agree that the sale and purchase of the Purchased Assets contemplated by this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein do not constitute a transaction for which a filing under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 is necessary or required. Section 7.17 Upgrades; Extension; Lessee Purchase Options. (a) Upgrades. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, in the event that any Account Party elects to rent, lease or purchase any Upgrade pursuant to the terms of any Account Document, that requires the execution and delivery of a new Account Document in replacement of or supplement to the then existing Account Documents ("Upgrade Account Document"), Purchaser agrees that any resulting increase in the lease, rental or other payments to be paid under the Existing Account Document and Upgrade Account Document on account of any such Upgrade shall be for the account of and paid to, Seller (and the remaining original portion of such lease, rental or other payment shall continue to be paid to Purchaser). (b) Lease Renewals and Extensions. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, in the event that any Account Party exercises any renewal or extension of any Account Document, Purchaser agrees that any rental or other payments due in connection with such extension or renewal shall be for the account of, and paid to, Seller. (c) Payments Held in Trust. Any amount payable to Seller pursuant to this Section 7.17 that is inadvertently paid to Purchaser shall be held in trust by Purchaser for the benefit of, and promptly paid following notice thereof, to Seller. Section 7.18 Attorneys' Fees. Each party shall be responsible for the payment of its own attorneys' fees, expenses and any other costs incurred in connection with the negotiation and closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other documents executed in connection herewith. Section 7.19 Post-Closing Guaranty. Seller shall deliver to Purchaser the Guaranty in the form of Exhibit E hereto, duly executed by Parent, no later than January 10, 2003, which shall supercede the Guaranty of Parent delivered on the date hereof. Section 7.20 Assignment of Lockbox Account. No later than January 10, 2003, Purchaser shall have received such documents as may be reasonably required to assign and transfer to Purchaser the Lockbox Account (collectively, the "Lockbox Account Documents"), duly executed by Seller and the bank at which the Lockbox Account is maintained. From the date hereof through the effective date of the Lockbox Account Documents, Seller shall cause all amounts paid into the Lockbox Account in respect of any Payment or Account Documents to remain in such account, shall not, and shall not permit any of its Affiliates to, sweep or otherwise withdraw any funds from such account and shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, deposit to the 21 Lockbox Account any amounts so swept or otherwise withdrawn between the date hereof and the effective date of the Lockbox Account Documents. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 22 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunder duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. McKESSON CAPITAL CORP. GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION By: /s/ Nicholas Loiacono By: /s/ James J. Ambrose --------------------- ---------------------------------------- Title: Vice President and Title: General Manager, [COMPANY] Equipment Finance Signature Page to the Purchase Agreement SCHEDULE 2.1(b)(xi) DELINQUENT OR DEFAULTED ACCOUNTS [See attached] SCHEDULE 2.1(b)(xii) CLAIMS, ACTIONS, PROCEEDINGS, ETC. None. SCHEDULE 2.1(b)(xvii) CREDIT ENHANCEMENTS None. SCHEDULE 2.1(b)(xx) INSURANCE COVERAGE EXCEPTIONS; MANUFACTURER CLAIMS None. SCHEDULE 2.1(b)(xxiii) TAX MATTERS None. SCHEDULE 2.1(b)(xxiv) UCC FINANCING STATEMENTS None. EXHIBIT A ACCOUNTS [See attached] EXHIBIT B BILL [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. ("Seller") issues this Bill of Sale and Assignment ("Bill of Sale") to [COMPANY] ("Purchaser"). Background Sellers and Purchaser are parties to that certain Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2002 (the "Purchase Agreement") pursuant to which Seller is delivering this Bill of Sale to Purchaser. Unless the context hereof specifically indicates otherwise, each of the capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Purchase Agreement. 1. Assignment of Purchased Assets. Seller hereby sells and assigns without recourse to Seller or any of the Apex Health Distribution Affiliates, except to the extent set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the Purchase Agreement, to Purchaser all of Seller's right, title and interest, legal or equitable, in and to the Purchased Assets, and Purchaser hereby purchases and accepts assignment of the aforedescribed right, title and interest. 2. Miscellaneous. (a) Survival. The representations, warranties and agreements made herein shall survive the execution and delivery hereof. (b) Successors and Assigns. This Bill of Sale shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, Seller and Purchaser and their respective successors and assigns. (c) Governing Law. This Bill of Sale shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. (d) Captions. Captions used herein are inserted for reference purposes only and shall not affect the interpretation or construction of this Bill of Sale. (e) Course of Dealing. No course of dealing between Purchaser and Seller, nor any delay in exercising any rights or remedies hereunder or otherwise, shall operate as a waiver of any of the rights and remedies of Purchaser or Seller. (f) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Bill of Sale shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. (g) Further Assurances, Seller agrees to execute and deliver to Purchaser, or its successors and assigns, as the case may be, all such further instruments and documents as may reasonably be requested by Purchaser, or its successors and assigns, as the case may be, for the better assuring and confirming to Purchaser, or its successors and assigns, as the case may be, all rights to and interests in the Payments. (h) Conflict. This Bill of Sale and Assignment is delivered under and pursuant to the provisions of the Purchase Agreement described hereinabove. In the event of a conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall govern and control. (i) Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, SELLER MAKES NO, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY NATURE OR KIND CONCERNING THE EQUIPMENT OR THE PURCHASED ASSETS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR INTENDED PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller has executed this Bill of Sale and Assignment as of December 31, 2002. McKESSON CAPITAL CORP. By: _______________________ Title:_____________________ Accepted and Agreed to: GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION By: _____________________________ Title: __________________________ B-2 EXHIBIT C GUARANTY [See attached] EXHIBIT D SERVICES AGREEMENT [See attached] EXHIBIT E POST-CLOSING PARENT GUARANTY
EXHIBIT 10.42 EXECUTION COPY SERVICES AGREEMENT THIS SERVICES AGREEMENT is made as of December 31, 2002 (this "Agreement") by and between GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser"), and McKESSON CAPITAL CORP., a Delaware corporation ("MCC"). WHEREAS, MCC is engaged in the business of financing equipment lease transactions by purchasing equipment lease receivables from its Affiliates. WHEREAS, Purchaser now owns a portfolio of payment and contract rights with respect to lease and rental agreements with commercial customers that it has purchased from MCC, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2002 between Purchaser and MCC (the "Purchase Agreement"). WHEREAS, Purchaser and MCC desire to enter into this Agreement pursuant to which MCC will provide certain services to Purchaser. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the recitals and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, it is hereby agreed that: 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein, including in Exhibit A hereto, have the meanings assigned to them in the preamble to this Agreement, in the Purchase Agreement or as set forth below. (a) "Account Party Insurer" means any insurance company from time to time issuing one or more insurance policies to or for the benefit of any Account Party. (b) "Ancillary Payments" means those payments related solely to the Ancillary Agreements. (c) "Customary Standard" has the meaning specified in Section 7. (d) "Customer Service and Collection Procedures" shall mean those procedures outlined in the document attached as Exhibit B hereto. (e) "Exempt Materials" has the meaning specified in Section 10. (f) "Law" shall mean any law, rule, regulation or governmental requirement of any kind of any Governmental Entity, and the rules, regulations, interpretations and orders promulgated thereunder. (g) "Liquidation Proceeds" means, with respect to a Non-Performing Account, proceeds from the sale or re-marketing of the Equipment relating solely to such Non-Performing Account, proceeds of any related insurance policy of any Account Party Insurer and any other recoveries (other than pursuant to any MCC Insurance Policy) with respect to such Non-Performing Account and the related Equipment, including, without limitation, any amounts collected as judgments against an Account Party or others related to the failure of such Account Party to pay any amount in respect of any Payment Right under the related Account Document or to return the Equipment, net of (i) any out-of-pocket fees and expenses reasonably incurred by MCC or any of its Affiliates in enforcing or attempting to enforce, as agent for Purchaser, any relevant Account Document (including in the context of a lessee bankruptcy) or in repossessing, repairing, refurbishing, preparing for sale or lease, liquidating or re-marketing such Equipment, (ii) amounts so received that are required to be refunded to the Account Party on such Account, and (iii) any Retained Payment Rights. (h) "Lockbox Account" shall mean, as of the date hereof, the lockbox account maintained by MCC with [COMPANY] or one of its Affiliates and to which Account Parties are directed to remit Payments, which account shall be assigned from Seller to Purchaser in accordance with Section 7.20 of the Purchase Agreement. (i) "MCC Change of Control" means an event or series of events by which MCC ceases to be a Subsidiary of Apex Health Distribution. (j) "MCC Event of Default" means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such MCC Event of Default and without regard to whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any Governmental Entity): (i) failure on the part of MCC to remit to the Lockbox Account any monies received by MCC and required to be remitted to the Lockbox Account by this Agreement, in the manner and by the date required by this Agreement, which failure continues unremedied for a period of 15 days from the date of receipt of such monies by MCC; (ii) a default on the part of MCC (other than due to any reason specified in Section 19(h) below) in its observance or performance in any material respect of certain covenants or agreements in this Agreement which failure continues unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice is given to MCC by Purchaser; (iii) if any representation or warranty of MCC made in this Agreement shall prove to be incorrect in any material respect as of the time made; or (iv) an Event of Bankruptcy in respect of MCC. (k) "MCC Insurance Policy" means any insurance policy issued or provided by any third-party insurer (including any Apex Health Distribution Affiliate) or any self-insurance arrangement in respect of the Apex Health Distribution Affiliates, relating to property, assets, activities or businesses of any of the Apex Health Distribution Affiliates. (l) "Net Worth" means, at a particular date, all amounts which would be included under the shareholders' equity on the consolidated balance sheet of the relevant entity 2 and its consolidated Subsidiaries determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. (m) "Non-Performing Account" means an Account (a) that has become more than ninety (90) days delinquent, (b) that has been accelerated by MCC in accordance with the applicable Account Documents and the customary and historic practices of MCC, (c) that MCC or Purchaser has determined to be uncollectible in accordance with its customary and historic practices, (d) with an Account Party in respect of which an Event of Bankruptcy has occurred and is continuing, or (e) a Default (as defined in the applicable Account Document) occurs for any other reason and such Default continues for ninety (90) days. (n) "Payment Date" means, as to any Payment, the first Business Day of the month which next succeeds the month in which such Payment is scheduled to be received by MCC, provided such Payment Date is at least two (2) Business Days after the date such Payment was scheduled to be received by MCC. (o) "Portfolio Event of Default" means for each of three consecutive Payment Dates eight percent (8%) or more of the Payments under the Accounts have been 90 days or more delinquent (other than as a result of any event described in Section 19(h) below). (p) "Residual Interest" means, as the context may require, the actual or anticipated residual interest of the Apex Health Distribution Affiliates in respect of any Equipment. (q) The following capitalized terms are defined in the sections of this Agreement identified below: "[COMPANY]" Exhibit A, Section 7(c) "[COMPANY]" Section 2(a) "Parent" Section 9(b) "Servicer Advance" Section 12(c) "Servicer Advance Deductions" Section 12(c) "Third Party Purchaser" Section 12(d) "Lockbox Account Sweep Date" Section 12(b) 2. [COMPANY]. (a) [COMPANY]. MCC shall process, administer and manage the Purchased Assets and provide the documentation and other services described on Exhibit A hereto or otherwise provided for in this Agreement (collectively, the "[COMPANY]"). Purchaser and MCC shall cooperate in good faith to develop and agree in writing to such additional procedures for the provision of the [COMPANY] as may become necessary to more fully effectuate the terms of this Agreement. MCC shall have only those duties or obligations that are expressly set forth in this Agreement. (b) Authorization. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Purchaser hereby irrevocably (subject only to Sections 10 and 11 hereof) appoints MCC as its agent and authorizes MCC to take any and all reasonable steps in its name and on its behalf as are necessary or desirable to collect all amounts due under the Purchased Assets, including, without 3 limitation, endorsing the name of Purchaser on any of its checks and other instruments representing collections, executing and delivering any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Purchased Assets and, after the delinquency of any Payment and to the extent permitted under and in compliance with applicable Law, to commence proceedings with respect to enforcing payment thereof, all to the extent consistent with and in accordance with the [COMPANY] and Collections Procedures. Purchaser shall furnish MCC with any powers of attorney and other documents necessary or appropriate to enable MCC to carry out the [COMPANY], and shall cooperate with MCC to the fullest extent in order to ensure the collectability of the Purchased Assets. (c) Modification of Leases. Without the prior written consent of Purchaser, MCC shall not terminate, waive, amend or modify any material provision of any Account Document to the extent relating to any Payment Right, except (i) as may be required by Law, (ii) ministerial changes necessary in order to correct inaccurate or incomplete clauses or provisions (other than clauses and provisions related to the Payment Rights), (iii) early terminations pursuant to customer buyouts, but subject to Section 7.17 of the Purchase Agreement, and (iv) amendments undertaken in connection with any lease extension or upgrade, subject to Section 7.17 of the Purchase Agreement. (d) Obligations of MCC with Respect to Account Documents. MCC will use commercially reasonable efforts to duly fulfill, and comply with, all obligations on MCC's part to be fulfilled under or in connection with the Account Documents. MCC will not (i) amend, rescind, cancel or modify any Account Document or term or provision thereof if such amendment, rescission, cancellation or modification would adversely affect, or reasonably be expected to adversely affect, the Payment Rights, or (ii) take any action that would impair the rights of Purchaser in the Purchased Assets. (e) Cooperation. Each party agrees to cooperate with the other in the enforcement, if necessary, of such other party's rights under any Account Documents, whether in the form of litigation or other proceedings, as reasonably requested by such other party. Purchaser shall be responsible for all reasonable, out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising from or incurred in connection with such enforcement and shall promptly pay to MCC upon request all of MCC's reasonable, out-of-pocket costs and expenses relating thereto (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs). 3. Notice of MCC Event of Default; Other Requested Information. MCC shall deliver to the Purchaser: (a) Notice of MCC Event of Default. Promptly upon becoming aware of the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a MCC Event of Default, or any event which, with the lapse of time and/or the giving of notice, would constitute a MCC Event of Default and which has not been waived in writing by Purchaser, a written notice describing its nature and period of existence and the action MCC is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; and 4 (b) Requested Information. With reasonable promptness, any other data and information related solely to the Purchased Assets and the servicing thereof which may be reasonably requested from time to time. 4. Maintenance of Insurance Policies. (a) In connection with its activities as servicer of the Purchased Assets, MCC agrees to present claims to the Account Party Insurer under any insurance policy applicable to any Purchased Asset, and to settle, adjust and compromise such claims, in each case (i) consistent with the terms of any relevant Account Document, (ii) after receiving notice of the occurrence of any material casualty event involving such Equipment, and (iii) provided the applicable Account Party does not take such action on a reasonably timely basis. MCC shall remit to the Lockbox Account, within two (2) Business Days of receipt, any Liquidation Proceeds received by MCC in connection therewith. (b) MCC shall obtain evidence from each Account Party of insurance to the extent required under the Account Documents, the Customer Service and Collection Procedures and the Customary Standard. (c) Notwithstanding any other term or provision hereof to the contrary, Purchaser shall not have any claim on account of, or direct or indirect interest in, any MCC Insurance Policy, or proceeds thereof. 5. Compliance with Law. MCC shall perform the [COMPANY] and its other obligations under this Agreement in material compliance with applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, MCC shall not be required to take any action, or omit to take any action, that MCC deems to be in violation of, or inconsistent with, Law or the terms of this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement or any Account Document or any Ancillary Agreement. MCC's duty under this Section 5 to comply with applicable Law shall not be limited by the procedures established and approved under this Agreement. 6. Independent Contractor. MCC shall at all times be considered an independent contractor in the performance of the [COMPANY], and neither MCC nor any employee of MCC shall be considered an employee, partner or joint venturer of Purchaser. Neither Purchaser nor MCC, nor any employee or agent of either of them, shall make any representation or statement to any Person that is inconsistent with this Section 6. 7. Standard of Performance. MCC shall perform the [COMPANY] in a commercially reasonable manner and shall apply at least the same standard of care, diligence and prudence in such performance as it does with respect to its own or its Affiliates' lease portfolios, and shall not discriminate against Purchaser in favor of any other Person, including MCC or any Affiliate of MCC, for whom it provides similar services, nor shall it offer priority to Purchaser (such standard, the "Customary Standard"). 8. Maintenance of Systems. MCC shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to at all times maintain or cause to be maintained such systems as are reasonably necessary to enable it to timely and fully perform the [COMPANY], including, without 5 limitation, maintenance of computer hardware and software and appropriate information backup systems, and shall comply with the provisions of Exhibit A hereto with respect thereto. 9. Audit and Information Rights. (a) Upon the request of Purchaser, during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice, and in such a manner as shall not unduly interfere with or interrupt the operation and conduct of MCC's other businesses, and subject to its customary security measures, MCC shall provide representatives of Purchaser (including its internal and external auditors) no more frequently than twice in any given 12 month period with access to the books, records, files and papers, whether in hard copy or computer format, used or held for use by MCC in the provision of the [COMPANY], to permit an audit, at the expense of Purchaser, of the [COMPANY] or any out-of-pocket costs required to be reimbursed to MCC by Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement. (b) In the event that Apex Health Distribution, the parent company of MCC ("Parent"), ceases to be a publicly reporting company for any period of time, Parent shall provide Purchaser, during such period, with (i) its unaudited quarterly consolidated balance sheet within forty-five (45) days of the end of each fiscal quarter, and (ii) its audited yearly consolidated balance sheet within ninety (90) days of the end of each fiscal year. 10. Term of Agreement. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall continue until six (6) months after the last Account Document expires unless the parties agree in writing to extend such term or unless this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 below. Upon the termination of this Agreement, MCC shall cooperate with Purchaser in effecting an efficient transition of the Purchased Assets, including without limitation transfer of copies of all material records, files, computer files and information in respect of any remaining Purchased Assets, and originals of any Account Document related solely to the Purchased Assets; provided, however, that MCC shall be under no obligation to deliver (i) minutes of its board of directors' meetings and information provided to its board (or that of the board of any Apex Health Distribution Affiliate), (ii) Ancillary Agreements, (iii) material subject to any legal privilege, (iv) communications with MCC's (or any Apex Health Distribution Affiliate's) tax or accounting advisors, (v) personnel records, or (vi) any documents or information subject to any confidentiality arrangement with any third party to the extent such arrangement would prohibit such transfer or disclosure (together, the "Exempt Materials"). 11. Termination. (a) Either Purchaser or MCC may terminate this Agreement due to any default in the performance by the other party of its material obligations under this Agreement, on written notice identifying in reasonable detail the cause for termination. Such termination shall be effective without further action or notice by the terminating party thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, unless prior to the expiration of such 30-day period the default or other cause is cured or remedied; provided, however, that if such default or other cause cannot be cured or remedied with commercially reasonable efforts within such 30-day period, the period for cure or remedy shall be extended for thirty (30) additional days on the conditions that: (i) the non-defaulting party shall have consented in writing to the extension of the cure period, which 6 consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, and (ii) the defaulting party shall have commenced good-faith efforts to cure or remedy such default or other cause within the initial 30-day period and shall continue to pursue such efforts diligently until the cure or remedy is accomplished. (b) Purchaser may terminate this Agreement (i) upon the occurrence of a MCC Event of Default that is not cured, if a cure is available, within the applicable cure period, a MCC Change of Control or a Portfolio Event of Default or (ii) if the Net Worth of Parent falls below $1.0 billion. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, in the event of any such termination, Purchaser shall collect and promptly remit to MCC any and all amounts in respect of any Retained Payment Rights received by Purchaser (either directly or through the Lockbox Account) after the termination date. (c) Upon any termination of this Agreement (other than any termination pursuant to subsection (a) above on account of Purchaser's default), MCC shall reimburse to Purchaser the portion of the Services Fee (as defined in Section 3.2 of the Purchase Agreement) which is unearned as of the date of the termination. The portion of the Services Fee to be reimbursed to Purchaser shall equal the unamortized portion of the Service Fee as of the termination date (calculated on a straight-line basis based upon an annual accrual of $125,000 (or $10,417 per month)). 12. Purchased Assets; Application of Amounts Received; Servicer Advances. (a) All Purchased Assets are and shall at all times be the sole and exclusive property of Purchaser, and MCC shall not have or assert any lien, claim or other right to, or interest in, such property of Purchaser. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, the originals and all copies of such property of Purchaser shall be returned to Purchaser promptly, and MCC shall have no right to withhold such property of Purchaser for any reason, including, without limitation, any dispute, offset, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that MCC might have against Purchaser; provided, however, that MCC may at all times retain (i) the Exempt Materials, and (ii) one or more copies of any documents and agreements, as may be necessary or appropriate for tax or audit purposes or as advised by counsel. (b) All Payments and other property received by MCC with respect to the Purchased Assets (other than in respect of Retained Payment Rights) shall be for the account of Purchaser, shall be deemed received and held in trust for Purchaser and, in respect of any Payments and other property received by MCC and not remitted by the applicable Account Party directly to the Lockbox Account, shall be remitted by MCC to the Lockbox Account on a date not later than two (2) Business Days following receipt of such Payment and/or other property by MCC. Subject to MCC's removal and refund rights described below in this subsection (b), all Payments remitted to the Lockbox Account shall be swept from such Lockbox Account by Purchaser on the date that is two (2) Business Days following the date of remittance of such Payments into the Lockbox Account (each such date, a "Lockbox Account Sweep Date"), provided, however, that no Payments shall be swept from the Lockbox Account during the first five (5) days of any calendar month. MCC shall not be entitled to set-off from amounts to be paid by MCC to the Lockbox Account under any provision of this Agreement any amounts purported to be owed by Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to MCC or any of its Affiliates. Late charges related to any period prior to the date hereof shall be retained by MCC. Late charges 7 related to any period on or after the date hereof shall be paid to Purchaser. On the Business Day immediately following the date on which any Payments are remitted to the Lockbox Account, MCC shall provide a report to Purchaser containing such information regarding all Payments and other property remitted to the Lockbox Account on such remittance date as may be reasonably requested by Purchaser, including, without limitation, matching such Payments and other property to the corresponding Purchaser lease number. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, subject to the terms of the Lockbox Account Documents, MCC shall at all times have the right to direct the bank with whom the Lockbox Account is established to remove from the Lockbox Account and to pay to MCC, without further authorization or approval from Purchaser, all amounts deposited therein identified by the Account Party as Retained Payment Rights or to the extent such amounts have not been identified as Payments and exceed the portion of any outstanding invoices for Payments related to such Account Party. Purchaser agrees to execute such documents and agreements and to take such actions as the bank may reasonably request to effectuate the removal of such amounts from the Lockbox Account. In addition, if MCC shall determine that any other amounts in respect of any Retained Payment Rights have been remitted to the Lockbox Account, then Purchaser shall promptly refund the amount in respect of such Retained Payment Rights to MCC within five (5) Business Days following receipt of written request for such refund from MCC (provided that MCC has delivered to Purchaser reasonably satisfactory information supporting such determination by MCC). (c) Provided Purchaser is not required at such time to deliver to MCC the notice pursuant to Section 18 below, MCC agrees that, with respect to each Payment Date, MCC will remit to the Lockbox Account an amount equal to the Payments correlating thereto, less any Servicer Advance Deductions (defined below), whether or not MCC has received payment thereof from the related Account Party, which amount shall be deemed a full recourse loan by MCC to Purchaser (each such amount, being referred to herein as a "Servicer Advance"); provided, however, that MCC shall not be required to make any Servicer Advances in respect of an Account that is no longer being serviced by MCC under this Agreement or is a Non-Performing Account by virtue of clause (b), (c) or (d) of the definition thereof. MCC will make Servicer Advances in respect of any Account only in an amount up to the amount equal to three (3) monthly payments for such Account. Servicer Advances will be repaid (together with interest thereon at the rate of 4.0% percent per annum) by Purchaser on the earlier to occur of the following: (i) the date on which a Payment is, or Payments are, as applicable, subsequently received by MCC from an Account Party which represent such Servicer Advance (and MCC may retain the same in satisfaction of Purchaser's repayment obligation relating thereto, provided that any failure by MCC to retain or net out any such amount shall not impair any right of recourse by MCC against Purchaser for repayment of any Servicer Advance); (ii) the date on which the servicing contemplated herein in respect of the applicable Account is terminated; (iii) provided that MCC shall have paid Servicer Advances outstanding on such Account in an amount equal to three (3) monthly Payments, the next succeeding Payment Date (and if to be repaid on such date, the same may be netted out from MCC's then scheduled remittance to Purchaser, provided that any failure by MCC to retain or net out any such amount shall not impair any right of recourse by MCC against Purchaser for repayment of any Servicer Advance); and (iv) five (5) Business Days following the date on which Purchaser has determined such Account to be uncollectible in accordance with its customary practices or MCC has determined such Account to be uncollectible in accordance with its customary and historic practices. The "Servicer Advance 8 Deductions" shall be any amounts already remitted to the Lockbox Account in accordance with Section 12(b). (d) If an Account Party remits to MCC amounts that are not immediately identifiable as Payments, and that are not immediately identifiable as payments in respect of any Retained Payment Rights, then MCC shall apply such amounts as follows: first, to delinquent payments in the order such payments were due and to the extent such payments were due on the same date, pro rata among such payments, and second, so long as all payments due are current, to Purchaser and MCC (or if a Person other than Purchaser or MCC has an interest in such amounts (a "Third Party Purchaser"), to any such Third Party Purchaser), pro rata based on the amount of obligations then due and payable; provided, however, that if the foregoing allocation is not reasonably acceptable to any such Third Party Purchaser(s), Purchaser agrees to enter into good faith negotiations in respect of modification thereof to be undertaken with reasonable promptness upon request of MCC. (e) If MCC receives Liquidation Proceeds in respect of any Account, MCC shall apply such Liquidation Proceeds as follows: first, to the payment of any Taxes with respect to such Account, second, in respect of any delinquent amounts owed to Purchaser, MCC or any Third Party Purchaser, in the order in which such amounts became due, third, to Purchaser and to any Third Party Purchaser who has an interest in such amounts, pro rata based on, and to the extent of, the amount of obligations with respect to such Account then due and owing to Purchaser or such Third Party Purchaser, and fourth, to MCC to the extent of its Residual Interest; provided, however, that if the foregoing allocation is not reasonably acceptable to such Third Party Purchaser(s), Purchaser agrees to enter into good faith negotiations in respect of modification thereof to be undertaken with reasonable promptness upon request of MCC. (f) To the extent that MCC receives amounts relating to Taxes with respect to an Account, whether or not constituting part of the collections relating to such Account, MCC shall cause the same to be remitted to the relevant taxing authority in order to satisfy any valid, uncontested obligations in respect of such Taxes. In addition, if any Account Party remits amounts relating to Taxes to the Lockbox Account, MCC shall at all times have the right, without further authorization or approval from Purchaser, to direct the bank with whom the Lockbox Account is established to remove the same from the Lockbox Account and pay such amounts to MCC, and MCC shall cause such amounts to be remitted to the relevant taxing authority in order to satisfy any valid, uncontested obligations in respect of such Taxes. Purchaser agrees to execute such documents and agreements and to take such actions as the bank may reasonably request to effectuate the removal of such amounts from the Lockbox Account. 13. Representations of MCC. MCC hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser that: (a) MCC is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power and authority to own its assets and carry on its business as now being conducted and to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement. 9 (b) The execution and delivery by MCC of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of MCC, and this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by MCC and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of MCC enforceable against MCC in accordance with its terms. (c) Neither the execution and delivery by MCC of this Agreement nor compliance by MCC with the terms and provisions thereof will conflict with or result in a breach of the provisions of MCC's certificate of incorporation or bylaws, any loan agreement, mortgage, indenture, security agreement or other contract to which MCC is a party, or any law, regulation or order of any court or government or governmental agency or instrumentality, except where such conflict or breach would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or operations of MCC or on the ability of MCC to consummate the transactions and perform the [COMPANY] contemplated by this Agreement. 14. Representations of Purchaser. Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to MCC that: (a) Purchaser is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power and authority to own its assets and carry on its business as now being conducted and to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement. (b) The execution and delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Purchaser, and this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Purchaser and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Purchaser enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms. (c) Neither the execution and delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement nor compliance by Purchaser with the terms and provisions thereof will conflict with or result in a breach of the provisions of Purchaser's certificate of incorporation or bylaws, any loan agreement, mortgage, indenture, security agreement or other contract to which Purchaser is a party, or any law, regulation, or order of any court or government or governmental agency or instrumentality, except where such conflict or breach would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or operations of Purchaser or on the ability of Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 15. Late Payments. If MCC fails to pay any amount that may become due to Purchaser hereunder on its due date, then (i) interest shall accrue thereon from the due date until paid in full at a rate equal to 4% per annum, and (ii) MCC shall reimburse Purchaser upon demand for any and all collection costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by Purchaser. 16. Trademark Licenses. (a) [COMPANY]., a Pennsylvania corporation and an Affiliate of MCC ("MAH"), owns or has the right to use the trade name and corporate name "Apex Health Distribution Automated Healthcare" in both block letter and stylized formats, and the MAH logo, and the marks set forth on Exhibit D hereto (collectively, the "MAH Trademarks"). Promptly after the 10 Closing Date, MCC will use its reasonable best efforts to cause MAH to grant to Purchaser a personal, royalty-free, non-transferable, limited, non-exclusive license to use the MAH Trademarks as necessary in order to perform servicing responsibilities hereunder if and when assumed by Purchaser. Purchaser's use of the MAH Trademarks shall be consistent with the terms provided and be in compliance with applicable law. (b) [COMPANY]., a Louisiana corporation and an Affiliate of MCC ("MAS"), owns or has the right to use the trade name and corporate name "[COMPANY]" in both block letter and stylized formats, and the MAS logo, and the marks set forth on Exhibit D hereto (collectively, the "MAS Trademarks"). Promptly after the Closing Date, MCC will use its reasonable best efforts to cause MAS to grant to Purchaser a personal, royalty-free, non-transferable, limited, non-exclusive license to use the MAS Trademarks as necessary in order to perform servicing responsibilities hereunder if and when assumed by Purchaser. Purchaser's use of the MAS Trademarks shall be consistent with the terms provided and be in compliance with applicable law. (c) All use of the MAS Trademarks and the MAH Trademarks shall inure to the benefit of MAS and MAH, as applicable, and Purchaser shall acquire no rights in the MAS Trademarks or the MAH Trademarks by virtue of its use. Purchaser shall not use the Trademarks in conjunction with any other name, term or mark so as to form a combination mark. The licenses granted under subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 16 are personal to Purchaser and shall terminate upon the termination of this Agreement or any assignment or transfer by Purchaser of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, except to a Permitted Assignee who is an Affiliate of Purchaser upon notice thereof from Purchaser to MCC. 17. Notices. All notices, consents and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) when delivered by hand or by Federal Express or a similar overnight courier to, or (b) when successfully transmitted by telecopier to, the party for whom intended, at the address or telecopier number for such party set forth below (or at such other address or telecopier number for a party as shall be specified by like notice, provided, however, that any notice of change of address or telecopier number shall be effective only upon receipt): If to MCC: [COMPANY]. One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Telephone No. (415) 983-9339 Telecopy No. (415) 983-8826 Attention: Nicholas Loiacono, Vice President and Treasurer with a copy to: 11 Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Telephone No. (415) 983-8319 Telecopy No. (415) 983-8826 Attention: Ivan Meyerson, General Counsel If to Purchaser: [COMPANY] 20225 Watertower Blvd., Suite 300 Brookfield, Wisconsin 53045 Telephone No. (262) 798-4500 Telecopy No. (262) 798-4530 Attention: Richard Berger with a copy to: [COMPANY] 20225 Watertower Blvd., Suite 300 Brookfield, Wisconsin 53045 Telephone No. (262) 798-4611 Telecopy No. (262) 798-4590 Attention: Carlos Carrasquillo, General Counsel, Equipment Finance 18. Purchaser Net Worth Reporting Requirement. Purchaser shall deliver immediate written notice to MCC in the event that Purchaser's net worth at any time is equal to or less than $10.0 billion. 19. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties, covenants or undertakings other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior negotiations, agreements and undertakings between the parties with respect to such subject matter. (b) No amendment of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by MCC and Purchaser. (c) This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement. Each of the parties to this Agreement agrees that a signature affixed to a counterpart of this Agreement and delivered by facsimile by any person is intended to be its, her or his signature and shall be valid, binding and enforceable against such person. 12 (d) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and wholly performed within such state. (e) Each of the parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and to the jurisdiction of any other competent court of the State of New York. Each party irrevocably consents to the service of process outside the territorial jurisdiction of the foregoing courts in any such action or proceeding by mailing copies thereof by registered United States mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to its address as specified in or pursuant to Section 17 hereof. However, the foregoing shall not limit the right of a party to effect service of process on the other party by any other legally available method. (f) Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party; provided, however, that Purchaser may assign its rights hereunder to a Permitted Assignee without the consent of MCC. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns. (g) If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void, unenforceable or against its regulatory policy, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. (h) Neither party shall be responsible for delays or failure of performance resulting from acts of God, strikes, walkouts, riots, acts of war, acts of terrorism, epidemics, governmental regulations and power failure. (i) Each party shall be responsible for the payment of its own attorneys' fees, expenses and any other costs incurred in connection with the negotiation and closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other documents executed in connection herewith. (j) All representations, warranties and indemnities contained in this Agreement (and any other agreement delivered pursuant hereto), all of Purchaser's obligations under Sections 11(b), 11(c), 12(d), 12(e) and 16 of this Agreement and all of MCC's obligations under Sections 2(d), 10, 11(c), 12(a), 12(b), 12(d), 12(e), 12(f), 15 and 16 of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 20. Jury Trial Waiver. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY EXHIBIT OR OTHER ATTACHMENT HERETO, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING OR STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) RELATING TO THE 13 FOREGOING. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES HERETO TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. [SIGNATURES APPEAR ON NEXT PAGE] 14 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Services Agreement as of the date first written above. MCKESSON CAPITAL CORP. By: /s/ Nicholas Loiacono ---------------------------------- Its: Vice President & Treasurer GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION By: /s/ James J. Ambrose ---------------------------------- Its: General Manager, [COMPANY] Equipment Finance Signature Page to Service Agreement Exhibit A MANAGEMENT SERVICES MCC, as agent for Purchaser, will provide the following services: 1. Invoicing and Notices. MCC will invoice customers for lease payments, rental payments, taxes, late charges and miscellaneous billings. Invoices shall be in the same format (including billing headers) as disclosed by MCC to Purchaser prior to the date hereof, or as used by MCC immediately prior to the date hereof or in such other form as customarily used by MCC from time to time and approved by Purchaser. No material changes shall be made to the form, and no changes shall be made to the substance, of the invoices without the prior written approval of Purchaser, except to the extent required by law or regulation. 2. Collections. MCC will make collection efforts with respect to Accounts as specified in the Customer Service and Collection Procedures. MCC will provide status reports on overall delinquencies and on individual accounts as reasonably requested by Purchaser, including detail of all material actions taken by MCC with regard to any delinquent accounts. MCC will follow any special Purchaser policies or instructions related to the collection of Non-Performing Accounts, provided that such policies and instructions are not inconsistent with the relevant Account Document and do not require MCC to incur additional unreimbursable expenses. As necessary, subject to Purchaser's written approval, and on behalf of Purchaser, MCC will retain and manage outside legal counsel to obtain judgments and assist in the collection of defaults. Any compromise, restructuring or settlement of any claim with respect to any lease or rental agreement or Equipment, together with any amendment entered into during the existence of a Default (as defined in the applicable Account Document), shall be subject to the prior written approval of Purchaser, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. Purchaser may, upon prior written notice to MCC, assume all servicing responsibilities with respect to a Non-Performing Account, including without limitation directly enforcing remedies as lessor or rentor under such Account Document. In the event of any such assumption, Purchaser shall collect and promptly remit to MCC any and all Ancillary Payment or Residual Interest amounts received by Purchaser (either directly or through the Lockbox Account) after the assumption date. In the event that Purchaser shall assume servicing responsibilities pursuant to this Section 2, MCC will notify the applicable Account Parties of such assumption by sending a letter in the form of Exhibit C hereto to such Account Parties, and MCC shall furnish Purchaser with any powers of attorney and other documents necessary or appropriate to enable Purchaser to carry out its servicing responsibilities, and MCC shall cooperate with Purchaser to the fullest extent in order to ensure the collectability of the Purchased Assets. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement or the Purchase Agreement, all reasonable, out-of-pocket Account collection and enforcement costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs) incurred by MCC, as agent for Purchaser, in connection with and pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or the Purchase Agreement shall be paid by Purchaser (or promptly reimbursed to MCC if such reasonable cost or expense is advanced by MCC for any reason) and MCC shall have no liability for, or obligation to pay, any such costs or expenses. With respect to collections, MCC will follow its existing procedures, except as may be inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, provided that MCC may make modifications to such procedures that are not material to Purchaser, provided further that material modifications to such procedures will require the prior written approval of Purchaser. 3. Realization Upon Non-Performing Accounts; Re-marketing. (a) MCC shall, consistent with the Customer Service and Collection Procedures, use commercially reasonable efforts to collect the amounts owed pursuant to any Account Document related to a Non-Performing Account including, to the extent appropriate, taking non-judicial action to accelerate and collect all amounts due under any such Account Document. If a Non-Performing Account is more than one hundred and twenty (120) days delinquent, or if a Non-Performing Account is delinquent for less than one hundred twenty (120) days and MCC determines that prompt commencement of litigation or repossession is warranted with respect to such Non-Performing Account, then, if (i) in the reasonable opinion of MCC the anticipated costs are not likely outweighed by the anticipated realization benefit, and (ii) Purchaser has so instructed MCC and agreed to indemnify MCC on account of all costs and expenses incurred by MCC in relation thereto, MCC shall bring an action against the Account Party for all amounts due under any Account Document related to such Non-Performing Account and/or institute proceedings to repossess and sell or re-market the Equipment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, MCC shall not accelerate any scheduled Payment unless permitted to do so by the terms of the relevant Account Document or under applicable Law. In addition, to the extent that an escrow account has been established to cover defaults on an Account and/or to hold security deposits with respect to an Account, amounts in the escrow account shall be applied by MCC against defaults under such Account as Payments under Section 12(b) of this Agreement. (b) MCC shall use commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with the Customer Service and Collection Procedures, to accelerate, repossess, or otherwise comparably convert the ownership of any Equipment that it has reasonably determined should be repossessed or otherwise converted following a default under any Account or upon the expiration of the term of any Account Document, and then sell or re-market such Equipment. MCC shall follow such practices and procedures as are consistent with the Customer Service and Collection Procedures and as it shall deem necessary or advisable and as shall be customary and usual in its servicing of equipment contracts and other actions by MCC in order to realize upon such Account, which may include commercially reasonable efforts to enforce, as agent for Purchaser, any recourse obligations of Account Parties and repossessing and selling the Equipment at public or private sale. MCC, as agent for Purchaser, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to lease, sell or otherwise dispose promptly of items of Equipment repossessed in relation to Non-Performing Accounts, consistent with the Customer Service and Collection Procedures. The foregoing is subject to the provision that, in any case in which the Equipment shall have suffered damage, MCC shall not be required to expend funds in connection with any repair or towards the repossession of such Equipment unless it shall determine in its good faith business judgment that such repair and/or repossession will increase the Liquidation Proceeds by an amount materially greater than the amount of such expenses. (c) In performing its re-marketing responsibilities hereunder: A-2 (i) MCC will not discriminate between the Equipment and equipment owned by another party to whom MCC may be bound to provide re-marketing assistance or any equipment owned by MCC. (ii) MCC will not permit any lien, encumbrance or claim to attach to the Equipment. (iii) MCC will warrant that the Equipment that is delivered to a buyer; lessee or renter will be in good working order, condition and repair, conforming to specifications according to MCC's (or an applicable Apex Health Distribution Affiliate's) current warranty policy for used equipment and is in satisfactory condition and meets all applicable standards established by any applicable governmental entity. (iv) MCC will not agree to any sales price (unless greater than the delinquent amount due to Purchaser related to the applicable Account) or lease or rental payment structure without the prior written approval of Purchaser. (d) MCC shall remit to the Lockbox Account all Liquidation Proceeds within two Business Days of receipt and shall furnish to the Purchaser, no later than the next Payment Date, a certificate setting forth the basis for MCC's determination of the amount, if any, of such Liquidation Proceeds. (e) MCC shall remit to the Lockbox Account on the Lockbox Account Sweep Date all payments made with respect to any Credit Enhancements of an Account Party's obligations under any Account Document. 4. Customer Service. (a) MCC shall provide to Account Parties normal and customary customer services (which shall be determined based on the type, kind and quality of customer services provided with respect to the Purchased Assets immediately prior to the date hereof, including telephone etiquette and issue-resolution guidelines) using the customer services telephone number used in connection with the management of the Purchased Assets immediately prior to the date hereof. Such services shall include responding to requests for information concerning the status of an Account Party's Account Document and invoicing information. (b) MCC will update its operating system to reflect changes that are approved by Purchaser and will provide detailed system change information to Purchaser. 5. Access to Records. Upon receipt of a request of Purchaser, MCC shall provide Purchaser with access during regular business hours to the Account Documents that are held by MCC or that are under its control and that are necessary to enable Purchaser to respond to Account Party inquiries or otherwise manage the Purchased Assets that are being serviced under this Agreement. Purchaser shall be entitled to make copies of, and extracts from, such Account Documents, or, in the case of Account Documents that constitute chattel paper, to obtain the originals thereof. MCC shall designate individuals (and an alternate in case such A-3 individuals are not available from time to time) to be the primary contacts with Purchaser for this purpose. 6. Management Reporting. MCC will provide to Purchaser on the tenth (10th) Business Day of each month, a computer tape and a diskette (or any other electronic transmission reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser) in a format reasonably acceptable to Purchaser, containing information with respect to each Account sufficient to determine the Payments made with respect to such Account. In addition, MCC will provide such other reports and information to Purchaser, and with such frequency (or on an ad hoc basis), as necessary to allow Purchaser to track the performance of the Purchased Assets per Purchaser's systems and requirements. Such reports shall include, but not be limited to, reports with respect to taxes, collection, delinquency, payment posting, customer service activities, cash application, letters of credit, insurance and accounting (including reports for general ledger entries for all lease accounts and monthly detailed reports showing income recognition, net asset values, receipts and dispositions). The parties shall cooperate in good faith after the date hereof to agree on the forms of such reports. 7. System Maintenance. (a) MCC will, at its own cost and expense, retain its current contract management system, or an alternative system of at least equal capability, used by MCC to perform services hereunder in respect of the Purchased Assets. MCC will ensure appropriate disaster recovery and data backup routines with respect to Purchased Assets. (b) MCC will and will cause any subcontractor to maintain its computer system to produce all required billing, portfolio accounting, tax and other reports and will keep current with updates and revisions. (c) MCC shall provide Purchaser with access, through a MCC employee, to the database used to service the Purchased Assets, to facilitate day to day inquiries and transaction processing (such computer programs and/or systems referred to collectively as the "[COMPANY]"). (d) MCC shall process all collections and other updates, modifications, cancellations or restructurings, if any, to the Leases, which modifications, cancellations or restructuring have been approved in writing by Purchaser, on MCC's operating system. (e) MCC shall maintain and service the [COMPANY] in accordance with its maintenance and service standards in all material respects as in effect as of the date hereof. 8. Sales and Property Tax Collection and Reporting. MCC will use its commercially reasonable efforts to collect sales, use and property taxes and provide tax data to Purchaser to be combined with Purchaser's existing filings within each jurisdiction. MCC will maintain appropriate records and assist Purchaser with any sales, use and property tax audits. A-4 9. Accounts Payable. If requested by MCC, Purchaser will maintain an account for payment of taxes, outside legal, repossession and repair costs, and other cash disbursements, per procedures to be established. 10. UCC Financing Statements. MCC will file and follow for UCC assignments, filings, extensions, terminations, continuations, etc. on every piece of collateral, and provide appropriate reports to Purchaser in connection therewith. Without limiting the foregoing, MCC shall as soon as practicable but in no event later than ninety (90) days following the Closing, (i) investigate specific lapsed UCC filings upon Purchaser request and take reasonable corrective action as mutually agreed to be appropriate; and (ii) make such filings and take such other actions as are necessary or desirable to Purchaser to establish and maintain perfection under Revised Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. 11. Consultation. Upon reasonable request of Purchaser, during normal business hours and in such a manner as shall not unduly interfere with or disrupt the operation and conduct of MCC's other businesses, and subject to the customary security policies of the Apex Health Distribution Affiliates MCC shall permit Purchaser to consult on a reasonable periodic basis with the applicable employees of MCC or its Affiliates providing services hereunder or, to the extent that such persons continue to be employees of MCC or its Affiliates, who were involved in MCC's operation of the Purchased Assets prior to the date hereof. 12. General. MCC shall perform its services under this Agreement in accordance with MCC's servicing manual as in effect on the date hereof except as may be inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, provided that MCC may make modifications to such manual that are not material to Purchaser, provided further that material modifications to such manual will require the prior written approval of Purchaser. 13. Conversion. MCC shall provide Purchaser reasonable assistance with conversion of all requested Payment data, including, but not limited to, data mapping sessions with appropriate representatives of MCC or its Affiliates, transfer of data extracts in a form requested by Purchaser and assistance with problem resolution and reconciliation. A-5 Exhibit B Customer Service and Collection Procedures See attached. Exhibit C _______________________ _______________________ _______________________ _______________________ RE: Assignment of Account Ladies and Gentlemen: Pursuant to the ___________________ (collectively, the "Account") dated ______________ between you ("Customer") and the undersigned ("___________________"), the Equipment described in the Account documents was either leased to or given as collateral by you in relation to said Account. Please be advised that ___________________ has assigned its entire right, title, and interest in the lease or rental payments to be made under the Account, to [COMPANY] ("Purchaser") pursuant to the terms of a Purchase Agreement (the "Sale and Assignment"). This Assignment relates only to the Account and does not include or affect any other agreement between Customer and ___________________, including without limitation, any maintenance agreement, services agreement, license or license agreement or other agreement entered into from time to time between Customer and ___________________. By separate written notice, [COMPANY]. may provide instructions to you regarding the location and account to which payments should be remitted for "miscellaneous charges" payable under such other agreements. By executing this letter, Customer acknowledges, agrees and affirms (for the benefit of Purchaser) as follows: 1. The Account, and all the documents associated therewith, have been duly and validly executed and delivered by Customer, is in full force and effect, constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Customer enforceable against it in accordance with the terms (subject, however, to laws of general application affecting creditors' rights), and constitutes the complete understanding and entire agreement between ___________________ and Customer concerning the subject matter thereof. 2. No default by Customer, or condition, which, with or without the passage of time, the giving of notice or both, would constitute a default by Customer, exists under the Account. 3. The Equipment is located at the address set forth in the Account Documents. 4. All of the warranties and representations of Customer contained in the Account documents are true and correct as of the date hereof. 5. Purchaser shall, for all purposes and without limitation, be entitled to all the rights, remedies and privileges of ___________________ under the Account as if it were ___________________ named therein, to the extent the same are assigned, but shall not be responsible for ___________________' obligations thereunder. 6. In the event that purchaser assigns the Account to another party, the Customer will, at Purchasers' request, execute and deliver to Purchaser a letter similar to this letter, to the extent applicable, for the benefit of such transferee. Very truly yours, [GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION] By: _______________________ Title: ____________________ _______________________________ Acknowledged: By: ___________________________ Title:_________________________ C-2 Exhibit D [COMPANY]. Trademarks BAKER CELL(TM) BAKER CASSETTE(TM) BAKER UNIVERSAL(TM) DIAL-RX(R) DRUG-O-MATIC(R) PRODUCTIVITY STATION(R) AUTOSCRIPT(TM) PHARMACY 2000(R) DRUG IMAGE LIBRARY AND DESIGN(R) WHAT IT TAKES TO AUTOMATE(SM) AUTOLINK(TM) SECURE SCAN(TM) ______________________________________________________________ [COMPANY]. Trademarks ROBOT-RX(TM) MEDCAROUSEL(TM) MEDDIRECT(TM) ACUDOSE-RX(TM) ACUSCAN-RX(TM) SUPPLYSCAN(TM) CONNECT-RX(TM) SUREPAK(TM) NARCSTATION(TM) FULFULL-RX(TM) AUTOLINK(TM)
EXHIBIT 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT There is no parent of the Company. The following is a listing of the significant subsidiaries of the Company, or if indented, subsidiaries of the Company under which they are listed: JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION --------------- Apex Health Distribution Medical Surgical, [COMPANY] LLC Delaware
EXHIBIT 23 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT We consent to the incorporation by reference in Apex Health Distribution Registration Statement Nos. 33-86536, 333-00611, 333-02871, 333-21931, 333-30104, 333-30216, 333-30218, 333-30220, 333-30222, 333-20224, 333-30226, 333-32643, 333-32645, 333-43101, 333-43079, 333-48337, 333-43068, 333-48339, 333-48859, 333-50261, 333-70501, 333-71917, 333-85965, 333-39952, 333-39954, 333-62870, 333-67378, 333-67380, 333-84806 and 333-101210 on Form S-8, Registration Nos. 333-26443, and Amendment No. 1 thereto, 333-85973, 333-50985 and 333-66359 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-49119, and Amendment No. 1 thereto, and 333-56623 on Form S-4 of our report dated April 29, 2003, except for paragraphs 25, 30, 31 and 32 of Financial Note 18, as to which the date is June 4, 2003 (which expresses an unqualified opinion and contains explanatory paragraphs relating to the adoption of new accounting standards and certain shareholder litigation), appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Apex Health Distribution for the year ended March 31, 2003. /s/ DELOITTE & [COMPANY] Midland, Kansas June 4, 2003
10-K EXHIBIT 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS THAT the undersigned directors and officers of Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), do hereby constitute and appoint Ivan D. Meyerson and Kristina Veaco his or her true and lawful attorney and agent, each with full power and authority (acting alone and without the other) to execute in the name and on behalf of the undersigned as such Director and/or Officer, under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, and thereafter to execute and file any and all amendments to such Form, whether filed prior or subsequent to the time such Form becomes effective. The undersigned hereby grants unto such attorneys and agents, and each of them, full power of substitution and revocation in the premises and hereby ratifies and confirms all that such attorneys and agents may do or cause to be done by virtue of these presents. /s/ Tully M. Friedman /s/ Robert W. Matschullat - ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------------- Tully M. Friedman, Director Robert W. Matschullat, Director /s/ William R. Graber /s/ James V. Napier - ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------------- William R. Graber, Senior Vice President James V. Napier, Director and [COMPANY] Officer ([COMPANY] Officer) /s/ William Harrington /s/ Carl E. Reichardt - ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------------- William Harrington, Chairman, President, Carl E. Reichardt, Director Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Alton F. Irby III /s/ Jane E. Shaw - ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------------- Alton F. Irby III, Director Jane E. Shaw, Director /s/ M. Christine Jacobs /s/ Richard F. Syron - ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------------- M. Christine Jacobs, Director Richard F. Syron, Director /s/ Marie L. Knowles /s/ Nigel A. Rees - ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------------- Marie L. Knowles, Director Nigel A. Rees, Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Dated: March 26, 2003
EXHIBIT 99.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Apex Health Distribution (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2003 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, William Harrington, Chief Executive Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ William Harrington ------------------------------- JOHN H. HAMMERGREN Chief Executive Officer June 5, 2003 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Apex Health Distribution and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.
EXHIBIT 99.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Apex Health Distribution (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2003 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, William R. Graber, [COMPANY] Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ William R. Graber ------------------------------- [COMPANY] Officer June 5, 2003 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Apex Health Distribution and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.