SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 January 25, 2000 (Date of Report) January 11, 2000 (Date of earliest event reported) McKESSON HBOC, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1-13252 87-3207296 (State of Incorporation) (Commission File No.) (IRS Employer Identification No.) Apex Health Distribution Plaza One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code (620) 555-8300 Item 5. Other Events We are filing this Current Report on Form 8-K to make generally available certain information regarding the Registrant. On January 11, 2000, the Registrant entered into a definitive Stock Purchase Agreement with Groupe Danone SA, a company organized under the laws of France, whereby Groupe Danone will purchase all of the outstanding capital stock of [COMPANY], a California corporation and a subsidiary of the Registrant, for a total consideration of $1.1 billion in cash. A copy of the press release announcing the execution the definitive Stock Purchase Agreement is set forth in Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is hereby incorporated by reference herein. Item 7. Financial Statements, [COMPANY] Information and Exhibits (c) Exhibits 99.1 Press Release issued by the Registrant on January 11, 2000 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunder duly authorized. McKESSON HBOC, INC. (Registrant) Date: January 25, 2000 By: /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson ------------------------------------- Name: Ivan D. Meyerson Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Title - ----------- ----- 99.1 Press Release issued by the Registrant on January 11, 2000
EXHIBIT 99.1 Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., Signs Definitive Agreement to Sell Its Water Products Business to Groupe DANONE for $1.1 Billion SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 11, 2000--Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (NYSE:APHD) (McKessonHBOC) announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement with the Groupe DANONE (NYSE:DA) whereby DANONE will purchase the [COMPANY], a subsidiary of McKessonHBOC, for a total consideration of $1.1 billion in cash. The transaction has been approved by the Boards of Directors of both companies and is subject to regulatory review and other customary conditions. [COMPANY] is the third-largest processor, marketer and distributor of bottled water in the United States. The company markets bottled water in 30 states under the Sparkletts(R), Alhambra(R) and Crystal(TM) brands. Apex Health Distribution Water Products has expected revenues of more than $380 million with an EBITDA margin of 22% in its fiscal year ended March 31, 1999. "Given our strategic focus on improving healthcare quality and cost through our market-leading positions in healthcare information technology and supply management, Apex Health Distribution Water Products was not a core business," said William Harrington and David L. Mahoney, McKessonHBOC co-presidents and co-chief executive officers. "We believe that this transaction is in the best interests of both our shareholders and the [COMPANY] employees who have created significant value in this business. We wish them well as they become a key element of DANONE's U.S. bottled water business." DANONE is the leading French food group, with 1998 net sales of $14.4 billion. It is No. 2 worldwide in bottled water, with brands including Evian and Dannon Natural Spring Water, No. 1 worldwide in dairy products with its flagship brand, Danone (Dannon in the United States), and is No. 1 worldwide in sweet biscuits, notably marketed under the brand name Lu. More information about DANONE is available at its World Wide Website at http://www.danone.com. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., a Fortune 60 corporation, is the world's largest supply management and healthcare information technology company. McKessonHBOC provides supply management and information technologies across the entire continuum of healthcare, including market-leading businesses in pharmaceutical and medical-surgical distribution, automation, information technology and outsourcing services for healthcare providers and payors. More information about McKessonHBOC is available at its World Wide Website at: http://www.mckhboc.com. McKessonHBOC news releases are available at no charge through McKessonHBOC's NewsOnDemand fax service. To immediately receive an index of available releases, call 800/344-6495 and press 2. CONTACT: McKessonHBOC Larry Kurtz, 415/983-8418