e10vk Table of Contents SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004 OR o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number 1-13252 Apex Health Distribution A [COMPANY] I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 87-3207296 Apex Health Distribution Plaza One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Telephone (620) 555-8300 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: (Title of Each Class) Common Stock, $0.01 par value (Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered) New York Stock Exchange Pacific Exchange, Inc. Preferred Stock Purchase Rights New York Stock Exchange Pacific Exchange, Inc. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer. Yes x No o The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, September 2003, was approximately $9.7 billion. Number of shares of common stock outstanding on May 31, 2004: 292,806,817 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on July 28, 2004 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 1 Apex Health Distribution TABLE OF CONTENTS Item Page PART I 1. Business 3 2. Properties 8 3. Legal Proceedings 8 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 17 Executive Officers of the Registrant 18 PART II 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 19 6. [COMPANY] Data 19 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition 19 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 19 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 19 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 20 9A. Control and Procedures 20 PART III 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 20 11. Executive Compensation 20 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 20 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 23 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 23 PART IV 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K 23 Signatures 24 EXHIBIT 3.3 EXHIBIT 10.4 EXHIBIT 10.15 EXHIBIT 10.30 EXHIBIT 10.43 Exhibit 10.44 Exhibit 10.45 EXHIBIT 21 Exhibit 23 EXHIBIT 24 EXHIBIT 31.1 EXHIBIT 31.2 EXHIBIT 32 2 Table of [COMPANY] PART I Item 1. [COMPANY] (“Apex Health Distribution,” the “Company,” the “Registrant,” or “we” and other similar pronouns), is a Fortune 16 corporation providing supply, information and care management products and services designed to reduce costs and improve quality across the healthcare industry. [COMPANY]’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references in this document to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) are available free of charge on our Web site (www.apexhealthdist.com under the “Investors – SEC Filings” caption) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC” or the “Commission”). Business Segments We conduct our business through three segments. Through our [COMPANY] segment, we are a leading distributor of ethical and proprietary drugs, and health and beauty care products throughout North America. This segment also manufactures and sells automated pharmaceutical dispensing systems for hospitals and retail pharmacies, medical management and specialty pharmaceutical solutions for biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturers, patient and payor services, consulting and outsourcing services to pharmacies and distribution of first-aid products in the United States. Our Apex MedSupply segment distributes medical-surgical supplies and equipment, and provides logistics and related services within the [COMPANY] segment delivers enterprise-wide patient care, clinical, financial, supply chain, managed care and strategic management software solutions, as well as outsourcing and other services, to healthcare organizations throughout North America, the United Kingdom and other European countries. [COMPANY]’s strategy is to create strong, value-based relationships with customers, enabling us to sell additional products and services to these customers over time. In response to changes in our business environment, in April 2004 the Company reorganized certain businesses within these reportable segments. Our 2004 Form 10-K has been prepared based on operating segments in effect at March 31, 2004. Supplemental financial information regarding our operating segments under our new organizational structure is included under the caption “2005 Operating Segments” as presented in the Financial Review included in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition”. Net revenues for our segments for the last three years were as follows: (Dollars in billions) 2004 2003 2002 [COMPANY] $ 65.6 94 % $ 53.2 93 % $ 46.3 93 % Apex MedSupply 2.7 4 2.8 5 2.7 5 [COMPANY] 1.2 2 1.1 2 1.0 2 Total $ 69.5 100 % $ 57.1 100 % $ 50.0 100 % [COMPANY] segment consists of the following businesses: [COMPANY], [COMPANY], Automation, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] and ZEE® Medical. We also have a 22% interest in Nadro, S.A. de C.V. (“Nadro”). [COMPANY]. This business supplies pharmaceuticals and other healthcare related products to more than 40,000 customers in three primary customer segments: national and regional retail chains, institutional 3 Table of [COMPANY] providers, and retail independent pharmacies. [COMPANY] business operates and serves over 30,000 locations through a network of 28 distribution centers, as well as a master distribution center and a repackaging facility, serving all 50 states. We invest in technology and other systems at all of our distribution centers to enhance safety, reliability and the best product availability for our customers. For example, in all of our distribution centers we use Acumax® Plus, a Smithsonian award-winning technology, which integrates and tracks all internal functions, such as receiving, put-away and order fulfillment. Acumax® Plus uses bar code technology, wrist-mounted computer hardware, and radio frequency signals to provide our customers with industry leading order quality and fulfillment at up to 99.9% accuracy. [COMPANY] SM , which integrates portable Palm technology with Acumax® Plus to give customers complete ordering and inventory control, and [COMPANY] Online SM , an Internet-based ordering, purchasing, third-party reconciliation and account management system, help ensure that our customers have the right products at the right time for their facilities and patients. Our investment in operational performance also includes Six Sigma – an analytical methodology that emphasizes setting high quality objectives, collecting data, and analyzing results to a fine degree in order to improve processes to reduce costs and errors. Furthermore, we are implementing information systems to help achieve greater consistency and accuracy both internally and for our customers. [COMPANY] business’ major value-added offerings, by customer group, include the following: Retail Chains (drug stores, food/drug combinations, mail order pharmacies, and mass merchandisers) – Business solutions that help chains increase revenues and profitability: • Rx-Pak SM – Bulk repackaging leverages our purchasing power and supplier relationships, offers pharmaceuticals at reduced prices, helps increase inventory turns and reduces working capital investment; • Central Fill – Improves pharmacy productivity and reduces costs by managing prescription refill volume remotely; • [COMPANY] – Reduces inventory carrying costs through forecasting integrated with automated replenishment technologies; and • Re-Distribution Centers – Two large facilities which offer access to inventory for single source purchasing, including pharmaceuticals and biologicals. Retail Independent Pharmacies – Marketing, merchandising, operational efficiencies and industry leadership that help pharmacists focus on patient care while improving profitability: • Valu-Rite® and Health Mart® – Networks of independent pharmacies that leverage group branding and purchasing power; • AccessHealth – Saves time and costs through comprehensive managed care and reconciliation assistance services; • Apex Health Distribution OneStop Generics SM – Helps pharmacies maximize their cost savings with a broad selection of rebate-eligible generic drugs, lower up-front pricing and one-stop shopping; and • Pharma 360 – Profitability analysis tool that helps pharmacists measure and compare results with their local and national competitors. Institutional Providers (hospitals and health systems, integrated delivery networks, clinics and other acute-care facilities, and long-term care providers) – Electronic ordering/purchasing and supply chain management systems that help improve efficiencies, save labor and improve capital: • Fulfill-Rx TM – Streamlines pharmacy inventory replenishing, automates inventory re-ordering, and optimizes medication cabinet inventory to easily value the pharmacy’s total inventory investment; • [COMPANY] – Comprehensive program designed to deliver improved inventory management controls; and • [COMPANY] – Complete pharmacy management focused on improving patient outcomes by increasing drug safety, developing pharmacy staff, and streamlining administrative processes. [COMPANY]. Consists of [COMPANY] (formerly Medis Health and [COMPANY], Inc.), a wholly-owned subsidiary, the largest pharmaceutical distributor in Canada. We also have a 22% equity interest in Nadro, the leading pharmaceutical distributor in Mexico. 4 Table of [COMPANY] Automation. Manufactures and markets automated pharmacy and supply management systems and services to hospitals through its [COMPANY]. unit and to retail pharmacies through its [COMPANY] unit. Key products and services include: [COMPANY].: • ROBOT-Rx™ system, a robotic pharmacy dispensing and utilization tracking system that enables hospitals to lower pharmacy costs while significantly improving the accuracy of pharmaceutical dispensing; • AcuDose-Rx™, a unit-based cabinet that automates the storage, dispensing and tracking of commonly used drugs in patient areas; • Admin-Rx™, a system that records, automates, and streamlines drug administration and medication information requirements through bar code scanning at the patient’s bedside; • Fulfill-Rx™, software that streamlines pharmacy inventory management and replenishment through connection with Apex Health Distribution pharmaceutical distribution; and • SupplyScan SM , a solution that tracks consumption of medical supplies through secure cabinetry and bar-code scanning at point-of-use. [COMPANY]: • A wide range of pharmacy counting and weighing technologies including Baker Cells®, Baker Cassettes® and AccuMed™ powered by AutoLink™, modular counting and dispensing units, and the Baker Universal 2010™ and AccuCount™ , counting and weighing prescription scales; • AutoScript III® and AccuScript™ – Robotic dispensing system designed for accuracy and throughput with new, modular, variable capacity design; • Pharmacy 2000® – Productivity workflow software system that provides stand-alone reporting and prescription tracking value. It also drives automation systems in a logical task order to improve productivity throughout the prescription fulfillment process; • Productivity Station™ – An easy-to-use interactive workstation system for customers desiring a compact, multi-tasking automation unit; and • All APS technologies are designed for bar-coded accuracy, efficiency, productivity, reliability, speed and ease of use by the pharmacy staff. [COMPANY]. The following suite of services and software products is marketed to payors, employers and government organizations to help manage the cost and quality of care: • Disease management programs to improve overall healthcare of a patient; • Nurse triage services to direct patients to the appropriate level of care; • Clinical and analytical software to support utilization, case and disease management workflow; • Business intelligence tools for measuring, reporting and improving clinical and financial performance; and • InterQual® Criteria for clinical decision support. [COMPANY]. This business’ product-specific solutions are directed towards manufacturers, payors and physicians to enable delivery and administration of high-cost, often injectable, bio-pharmaceutical drugs used to treat patients with chronic disease. The business facilitates patient and provider access to specialty pharmaceuticals across multiple delivery channels (direct-to-physician wholesale, patient-direct specialty pharmacy dispensing, and access to retail pharmacy), provides clinical support and treatment compliance programs that help patients stay on complex therapies, and offers reimbursement, data collection and analysis services. ZEE® Medical. North America’s leading provider of first aid, safety, and training solutions, providing services to industrial and commercial customers. This business offers an extensive line of products and services aimed at maximizing headcount productivity and minimizing the liability and cost associated with workplace illnesses and injuries. Medical–[COMPANY] Our Apex MedSupply segment provides medical-surgical supply distribution, equipment, logistics and related services to healthcare providers that include hospitals, physicians’ offices, surgery centers, extended care facilities, and homecare sites through a network of 35 distribution centers within the U.S. This segment is the nation’s third largest distributor of medical-surgical supplies to hospitals (acute care) and is the leading provider of supplies to the full range of alternate-site healthcare facilities, including physicians’ offices, clinics and surgery centers (primary care), long-term care facilities and homecare sites (extended care). [COMPANY] On- 5 Table of [COMPANY] Line SM , an electronic ordering system, provides an advanced tool for ordering medical-surgical products over the Internet, and the segment’s Optipak® program allows physicians to customize ordering of supplies according to individual surgical procedure preferences. [COMPANY] segment provides a comprehensive portfolio of software, support and services to help healthcare organizations improve patient safety, reduce the cost and variability of care, and better manage their resources and revenue stream. The segment markets its products and services to integrated delivery networks, hospitals, physician group practices, home health providers, managed care providers and payors. Approximately sixty percent of hospital-based integrated delivery networks in the U.S. use one or more products from this segment. The segment also sells its solutions internationally through subsidiaries and/or distribution agreements in Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, France, the Netherlands, Australia, New Zealand and Puerto Rico. The product portfolio for the [COMPANY] segment is organized into three major solutions sets – clinical management, revenue cycle management and resource management – with a variety of subsets of these solutions designed to address specific healthcare business issues (e.g., physician access, medication safety, etc.). To ensure that organizations achieve the maximum value for their information technology investment, the [COMPANY] segment also offers a wide range of services to support the implementation and use of solutions as well as assist with business and clinical re-design, process re-engineering and staffing (both information technology and back-office). Clinical management . The segment’s clinical solutions are designed to enable organizations to improve medication safety, accelerate physician utilization of healthcare information technology and reduce variability in healthcare quality and costs. The clinical management solution set, known as Horizon Clinicals TM , is built using architecture to facilitate integration and enable modular deployment of systems. It includes a clinical data repository, document imaging, medical imaging, real-time decision support, point-of-care nursing documentation, enterprise laboratory and pharmacy, an emergency department solution and an ambulatory medical record. Horizon Clinicals TM also includes solutions to facilitate physician access to patient information such as a Web-based physician portal and wireless devices that draw on information from the hospital’s information systems. Revenue cycle management . The segment’s revenue cycle solution is designed to reduce days in accounts receivable, prevent insurance claim denials, reduce costs and improve productivity for our customers. Examples of solutions include contract management, electronic claims processing and coding compliance checking. The segment’s hospital information systems also play a key role in revenue cycle management by working with these solutions to automate the operation of individual departments and their respective functions within the inpatient environment. Resource management . The segment’s resource management solutions consist of an integrated suite of applications that enhance an organization’s ability to forecast and optimize enterprise-wide use of resources (labor, supplies, equipment and facilities) associated with the delivery of care. These solutions help automate and link resource requirements to care protocols designed to increase profitability, enhance decision-making, and improve business processes. In addition to the product offerings described above, the segment offers a comprehensive range of services to help organizations derive greater value from, and enhance satisfaction and return on investment throughout the life of the solutions implemented. The range of services includes: [COMPANY] . The segment has worked with numerous healthcare organizations to support the smooth operation of their information systems by providing the technical infrastructure designed to maximize application accessibility, availability, security and performance. [COMPANY] . Professional services help customers achieve business results from their software investment. The segment offers a wide array of quality service options including consulting for business process improvement and re-design, as well as implementation, project management, technical, and education services relating to all products in the [COMPANY] segment. [COMPANY] . The segment helps organizations focus their resources where needed while the segment manages their information technology or revenue cycle operations through outsourcing. Outsourcing service options include managing hospital data processing operations, as well as strategic information systems planning and 6 Table of [COMPANY] management, revenue cycle processes, payroll processing, business office administration, and major system conversions. Acquisitions, Investments and Divestitures We have undertaken strategic initiatives in recent years designed to further focus on our core healthcare businesses and enhance our competitive position. These initiatives are detailed in Financial Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, “Acquisitions” and “Discontinued Operations and Other Divestitures,” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Competition In every area of healthcare distribution operations, our [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments face strong competition, both in price and service, from national, regional and local full-line, short-line and specialty wholesalers, service merchandisers, self-warehousing chains, and manufacturers engaged in direct distribution. In addition, these segments face competition from various other service providers and from pharmaceutical and other healthcare manufacturers (as well as other potential customers of the segments) which may from time to time decide to develop, for their own internal needs, supply management capabilities which are provided by the segments and other competing service providers. Price, quality of service, and, in some cases, convenience to the customer are generally the principal competitive elements in these segments. [COMPANY] segment experiences substantial competition from many firms, including other computer services firms, consulting firms, shared service vendors, certain hospitals and hospital groups, hardware vendors and Internet-based companies with technology applicable to the healthcare industry. Competition varies in size from small to large companies, in geographical coverage, and in scope and breadth of products and services offered. Intellectual Property The principal trademarks and service marks of the [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments include: ECONOLINK®, VALU-RITE®, Valu-Rite/CareMax®, Apex Health Distribution OneStop Generics SM , Health Mart®, ASK-A-NURSE®, Episode Profiler®, InterQual®, coSource®, ROBOT-Rx™, Autoscript™, Acumax® Plus, AcuDose-Rx™, AcuScan-Rx™, Admin-Rx™, Rx-Pak SM , Pak Plus-Rx™, SelfPace™, Baker Cells™, Baker Cassettes™, Baker Universal™, Autoscript™, Pharmacy 2000™, Productivity Station™, CRMS™, Patterns Profiler™, CareEnhance SM , [COMPANY] SM , .com [COMPANY]®, Fulfill-Rx™ , SupplyScan SM , [COMPANY] OnLine SM , Optipak®, Comets®, e-Comets™, MediNet™, OPTIMA®, and XVIII B Medi Mart®. The substantial majority of technical concepts and codes embodied in our [COMPANY] segment’s computer programs and program documentation are not protected by patents or copyrights but constitute trade secrets that are proprietary to us. The principal trademarks and service marks for this segment are: HealthQuest®, Paragon®, Pathways 2000®, TRENDSTAR®, Horizon Clinicals™, HorizonWP®, Series 2000™, STAR 2000™ and PracticePoint®. We also own other registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks and similar rights used by our business segments. All of the principal trademarks and service marks are registered in the United States, or registrations have been applied for with respect to such marks, in addition to certain other jurisdictions. The United States federal registrations of these trademarks have terms of ten or twenty years, depending on date of registration, and are subject to unlimited renewals. We believe we have taken all necessary steps to preserve the registration and duration of our trademarks and service marks, although no assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully enforce or protect our rights there under in the event that they are subject to third-party infringement claims. We do not, however, consider any particular patent, license, franchise or concession to be material to our business. Other Information About the Business Customers . In recent years, a significant portion of our revenue growth has been with a limited number of large customers. During 2004, sales to our largest customer, [COMPANY], and ten largest customers accounted for approximately 11% and 50% of our total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2004, accounts receivable from Rite Aid 7 Table of [COMPANY] and our ten largest customers were approximately 8% and 50% of total accounts receivable. The majority of these revenues and accounts receivable are included in our [COMPANY] segment. Research and Development. Our research and development (“R&D”) expenditures primarily consist of our investment in software development held for sale. We expended $230.4 million, $203.2 million, and $183.7 million for R&D activities in 2004, 2003 and 2002, and of these amounts, we capitalized 25%, 26% and 26%. R&D expenditures are incurred by our [COMPANY] segment and our [COMPANY] and Automation businesses. [COMPANY] segment’s product development efforts apply computer technology and installation methodologies to specific information processing needs of hospitals. We believe a substantial and sustained commitment to such expenditures is important to the long-term success of this business. Additional information regarding our R&D activities is included in Financial Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, “Significant Accounting Policies,” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Environmental Legislation . We sold our chemical distribution operations in 1987 and retained responsibility for certain environmental obligations. Agreements with the Environmental Protection Agency and certain states may require environmental assessments and cleanups at several closed sites. These matters are described further in Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other than any capital expenditures that may be required in connection with those legal matters, we do not anticipate making substantial capital expenditures either for environmental issues, or to comply with environmental laws and regulations in the future. The amount of our capital expenditures for environmental compliance was not material in 2004 and is not expected to be material in the next year. Employees . On March 31, 2004, we employed approximately 24,600 persons compared to 24,500 in 2003 and 24,000 in 2002. Financial Information About Foreign and Domestic Operations and Export Sales. Information as to foreign operations is included in Financial Notes 1 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements, “Significant Accounting Policies” and “Segments of Business,” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 2. Properties Because of the nature of our principal businesses, plant, warehousing, office and other facilities are operated in widely dispersed locations. The warehouses are typically owned or leased on a long-term basis. We consider our operating properties to be in satisfactory condition and adequate to meet our needs for the next several years without making capital expenditures materially higher than historical levels. Information as to material lease commitments is included in Financial Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, “Lease Obligations,” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 3. Legal Proceedings I. Accounting Litigation Since the announcements by the Company in April, May and July of 1999 that it had determined that certain software sales transactions in its [COMPANY] segment, formerly HBO & Company (“HBOC”) and now known as [COMPANY], Inc., were improperly recorded as revenue and reversed, as of March 31, 2004, ninety-one lawsuits have been filed against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain of Apex Health Distribution’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and other defendants, including Bear Stearns & [COMPANY]. (“Bear Stearns”) and [COMPANY] (“Arthur Andersen”). Federal Actions Sixty-seven of the above mentioned actions have been filed in Federal Court (the “Federal Actions”). All of the undismissed Federal Actions are pending before the Honorable Ronald M. Whyte of the United States District Court (the “Court”) for the Northern District of California. Federal Actions filed as class actions (excluding the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (commonly known as “ERISA”) actions discussed below) have been consolidated into a single action before Judge Whyte under the caption In re Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. Securities Litigation (Case No. C-99-20743 RMW) (the “Consolidated Action”). As discussed below, some individual Federal Actions are also pending before Judge Whyte. By order dated December 22, 1999, Judge Whyte appointed the New York State 8 Table of [COMPANY] Common Retirement Fund as lead plaintiff (“Lead Plaintiff”) in the Consolidated Action and approved Lead Plaintiff’s choice of counsel. After the filing of three consolidated complaints and multiple motions by multiple defendants challenging the sufficiency of those complaints, the pleadings in the case have been set with respect to Apex Health Distribution and HBOC (motions for reconsideration of prior dismissal orders issued by Judge Whyte have been filed by Arthur Andersen and Bear Stearns and remain pending). The operative complaint in the Consolidated Action is Lead Plaintiff’s Third Amended and Consolidated Class Action Complaint (“TAC”), filed on February 15, 2002. The TAC asserts claims against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC under Sections 10(b) and 14(a) of the Exchange Act in connection with the events leading to Apex Health Distribution’s announcements in April, May and July 1999, and names Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain of Apex Health Distribution’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, Arthur Andersen and Bear Stearns as defendants. The Section 10(b) claim alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC intentionally misstated the financial statements of HBOC or Apex Health Distribution during the class period. The Section 14(a) claim alleges that the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus issued in connection with a Apex Health Distribution subsidiary and HBOC merger (the “Merger”) contained material misstatements or omissions and that Apex Health Distribution was negligent in issuing the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus with those misstatements. The TAC seeks unspecified damages and attorneys’ fees. By order dated January 6, 2003, Judge Whyte dismissed with prejudice the claim against the Company under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act to the extent that claim was based on Apex Health Distribution’s conduct or statements prior to the January 12, 1999 merger transaction with HBOC, denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the claim against the Company under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and ordered the Company to answer the TAC. Following the Court’s January 6, 2003 orders, the following claims remained against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC: (i) a claim against HBOC under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act; (ii) a claim against Apex Health Distribution under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act with respect to post-Merger conduct only; and (iii) a Section 14(a) claim against Apex Health Distribution, as described in the Court’s January 6, 2003 order. [COMPANY] and HBOC filed answers to the TAC on March 7, 2003, denying that the Company or HBOC had violated Section 10(b) or Section 14(a) or that they had any liability to the alleged plaintiff class. On March 7, 2003, Lead Plaintiff filed a motion for class certification seeking to certify a class consisting of (i) all persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded securities of HBOC during the period from January 20, 1997, through and including January 12, 1999, (ii) all persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded securities or call options, or who sold put options, of Apex Health Distribution during the period from October 18, 1998 through and including April 27, 1999, and (iii) all persons and entities who held Apex Health Distribution common stock on November 27, 1998 and still held those shares on January 12, 1999. Lead Plaintiff seeks an order appointing three representatives of this proposed class: (i) the Lead Plaintiff; (ii) City of Miami Beach General Employees Retirement Trust; and (iii) an individual investor named Donald Chiert. The hearing on class certification was held on March 12, 2004. Judge Whyte has not yet ruled on the motion for class certification. Apex Health Distribution and HBOC have commenced the production of documents in the Consolidated Action and, pursuant to pretrial orders, merits depositions have begun. A trial is scheduled to commence on September 12, 2005. On January 11, 2001, Apex Health Distribution filed an action in the Court for the Northern District of California against the Lead Plaintiff in the Consolidated Action individually, and as a representative of a defendant class of former HBOC shareholders who exchanged HBOC shares for Company shares in the January 12, 1999 Merger, Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. v. New York State Common Retirement Fund, Inc. et al. (Case No. C01-20021 RMW) (the “Complaint and Counterclaim”). In the Complaint and Counterclaim, the Company alleged that the exchanged HBOC shares were artificially inflated due to undisclosed accounting improprieties, and that the exchange ratio therefore provided more shares to former HBOC shareholders than would have otherwise been the case. In this action, the Company sought to recover the “unjust enrichment” received by those HBOC shareholders who exchanged more than 20,000 HBOC shares in the [COMPANY] did not allege any wrongdoing by these shareholders. On January 9, 2002, Judge Whyte dismissed the Complaint and Counterclaim with prejudice. [COMPANY] appealed this ruling to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (“Ninth Circuit”). On August 13, 2003, the Ninth Circuit affirmed Judge Whyte’s January 9, 2002, order dismissing the Complaint and Counterclaim. By order dated February 7, 2000, Judge Whyte coordinated with the Consolidated Action a class action alleging claims under ERISA, Chang v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. C-00-20030 RMW), and a shareholder derivative action that had been filed in the Northern District of California under the caption Cohen v. McCall et al. (Case No. C-99-20916 RMW) with the Consolidated Action. There has been no further significant activity in the Cohen action. By stipulated order dated April 30, 2003, no defendant or nominal defendant is required to respond to the complaint until notified by the plaintiff in writing with thirty days notice or upon further order of the Court. Recent developments in the Chang action are discussed below. 9 Table of [COMPANY] Several individual actions have also been filed in, or transferred to, the Northern District of California. On November 12, 1999, an individual shareholder action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Jacobs v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (C-99-21192 RMW). The Plaintiffs in Jacobs are former HBOC shareholders who acquired their HBOC shares pursuant to a registration statement issued by HBOC prior to the Merger, and then exchanged their HBOC shares for Apex Health Distribution shares in the Merger. Plaintiffs in Jacobs assert claims under federal and state securities laws and a claim for common law fraud. Plaintiffs seek unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. Judge Whyte’s December 22, 1999, order consolidated the Jacobs action with the Consolidated Action. With leave of the Court, the Jacobs plaintiffs amended their complaint, but the action remains stayed. On September 21, 2000 the plaintiffs in Jacobs v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. filed a new individual action entitled Jacobs v. HBO & Company (Case No. C-00-20974 RMW). The Jacobs complaint names only HBOC as a defendant and asserts claims under Sections 11 and 12(2) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and various state law causes of action. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. This action has been assigned to Judge Whyte and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. On December 16, 1999, an individual action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Bea v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al . (Case No. C-00-20072 RMW). Plaintiffs in Bea filed an Amended Complaint on March 9, 2000. Plaintiffs in Bea allege that they acquired the Company’s common stock prior to the Merger and sold that stock after the April 1999 announcement at a loss. The Bea complaint asserts claims under the federal and state securities laws, and a claim for fraud. Plaintiffs seek (i) unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and (ii) reasonable costs and expenses of suit, including attorneys’ fees. Bea is currently stayed and has been consolidated with the Consolidated Action. On January 7, 2000, an individual action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Cater v. Apex Health Distribution et al. (Case No. C-00-20327 RMW). The plaintiff is Terry Cater, a former employee of the Company who alleges that his options and restricted stock were substantially devalued as a result of the Merger and the subsequent drop in the Company’s stock price. Plaintiff in Cater asserts claims under the federal securities laws as well as claims for breach of good faith and fair dealing, fraud and negligent misrepresentation. Plaintiff seeks (i) unspecified special damages in excess of $50,000, (ii) unspecified general damages, (iii) prejudgment interest and (iv) reasonable attorneys’ fees. The case has been assigned to Judge Whyte and the parties stipulated to a stay pending the outcome of the motions to dismiss in the Consolidated Action. On February 7, 2000, an action entitled Baker v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (Case No. CV 00-0188) was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana. The same plaintiffs then filed a virtually identical parallel action in Louisiana State Court, Rapides Parish, under the caption Baker v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al (filed as Case No. 199018; Case No. CV-00-0522 after removal to federal court). Plaintiffs, former shareholders of [COMPANY], allege claims under the federal securities laws, and claims for breach of fiduciary duty, misrepresentation and detrimental reliance. The state court action was removed to federal court and the two Baker cases have been transferred to the Northern District of California and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. On June 17, 2003, plaintiffs in the Baker cases filed a Second Amended Complaint (“SAC”) against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, various current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, Arthur Andersen and Bear Stearns. The SAC asserts claims against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, for common law breach of fiduciary duty (Apex Health Distribution only), misrepresentation, and detrimental reliance. The SAC seeks damages in an unspecified amount. By stipulation of the parties and order of the Court, the Baker action is stayed and the defendants are not currently required to respond to the SAC. On July 27, 2001, an action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California captioned Pacha, et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (Case No. C01-20713 PVT). The Pacha plaintiffs allege that they were individual stockholders of Apex Health Distribution stock on November 27, 1998, and assert that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC violated Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and that Apex Health Distribution, aided by HBOC, breached its fiduciary duties to plaintiffs by issuing a joint proxy statement in connection with the Merger which allegedly contained false and misleading statements or omissions. Plaintiffs name as defendants Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, Bear Stearns and Arthur Andersen. The Pacha complaint seeks an award of compensatory and punitive damages in an unspecified amount and costs and expenses incurred in the action including reasonable attorneys’ fees. On November 13, 2001, Judge Whyte ordered Pacha consolidated with the Consolidated Action and stayed all further proceedings. 10 Table of [COMPANY] Hess v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. , an action filed in state court in Arizona (Case No. C-20003862) on behalf of former shareholders of [COMPANY] (“Ephrata”) who acquired Apex Health Distribution shares in exchange for their Ephrata stock when Apex Health Distribution acquired Ephrata in January 1999, was removed to federal court, transferred to the Northern District of California and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. Judge Whyte also stayed all further proceedings in Hess except for the filing of an amended complaint, which was filed on or about December 15, 2001 (the “Hess Amended Complaint”). The Hess Amended Complaint generally incorporates the allegations and claims asserted in the Consolidated Action and also includes various common law causes of action relating to Apex Health Distribution’s acquisition of Ephrata. The Hess Amended Complaint seeks compensatory, punitive, general and special damages in an unspecified amount, rescission of the agreement with Ephrata, attorneys’ fees and costs. [COMPANY] is not currently required to respond to the Hess Amended Complaint. On June 28, 2001, the Chang plaintiffs filed an amended ERISA class action complaint against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, and The Chase Manhattan Bank (“Chase”). The amended complaint in Chang generally alleged that the defendants breached their ERISA fiduciary duties in connection with administering the Apex Health Distribution HBOC Profit Sharing Investment Plan (the “PSI Plan”) and the HBOC Profit Sharing and Savings Plan (the “HBOC Plan”). Plaintiffs in Chang are former employees of Apex Health Distribution and participants in the PSI Plan, and purportedly seek relief under sections 404-405, 409 and 502 of ERISA on behalf of a class defined to include participants in the PSI Plan, including participants under the HBOC Plan, who maintained an account balance under the PSI Plan as of April 27, 1999, who had not received a distribution from the PSI Plan as of April 27, 1999, and who suffered losses as a result of the alleged breaches of duty. On February 7, 2002, a related ERISA class action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California captioned Adams v. [COMPANY], Inc. et al. (Case No. C-02-06 85 JCS). Plaintiff in Adams filed a first amended complaint on March 15, 2002, against HBOC, Apex Health Distribution, the HBO & Company Board of Directors, HBO & Company Profit Sharing and Savings Plan Administrative Committee, HBO & Company Profit Sharing and Savings Plan Investment Committee, Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. Profit Sharing Investment Plan (as a nominal defendant only), and certain current or former officers, directors or employees of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC. Plaintiff alleges that he was a participant in the HBOC Plan and generally alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their ERISA fiduciary duties to the HBOC Plan and its participants or engaged in transactions prohibited by ERISA. Plaintiff asserts his claims on behalf of a putative class defined to include all participants in the HBOC Plan and their beneficiaries for whose benefit the HBOC Plan acquired HBOC stock from March 31, 1996 to April 1, 1999. Plaintiff seeks (i) a judgment that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their fiduciary duties, (ii) an order requiring defendants to restore to the plan all losses caused by these purported breaches of fiduciary duty, and (iii) reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses. On June 3, 2002, Judge Whyte consolidated the Adams ERISA class action with the Chang ERISA class action. By order dated September 30, 2002 Judge Whyte dismissed the First Amended Complaint in the Chang action. Judge Whyte granted plaintiffs in Chang and Adams leave to file a consolidated and amended complaint under the caption In re Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. ERISA Litigation (Northern District of California No. C-02-0685 RMW) (the “ERISA Action”). On December 31, 2002, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint (the “CAC”) in the ERISA Action. The CAC generally alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their fiduciary duties under ERISA, and that HBOC engaged in transactions prohibited by ERISA. Plaintiffs further allege that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC are liable under principles of respondeat superior and agency for alleged breaches of fiduciary duties by other defendants. The CAC seeks to have the defendants restore to the HBOC Plan and Apex Health Distribution Plan losses allegedly caused by their alleged breaches of fiduciary duty, equitable relief, attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses. On February 28, 2003, Apex Health Distribution filed a motion to dismiss the CAC and HBOC filed motions to dismiss portions of the CAC. Judge Whyte has not yet issued a ruling on these motions. State Actions Twenty-four actions have also been filed in various state courts in California, Colorado, Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana and Pennsylvania (the “State Actions”). Like the Consolidated Action, the State Actions generally allege misconduct by Apex Health Distribution or HBOC (and others) in connection with the events leading to Apex Health Distribution’s decision to restate HBOC’s financial statements. Two of the State Actions are shareholder derivative actions: Ash, et al. v. McCall, et al. , (Case No. 17132), filed in the Delaware Chancery Court and Mitchell v. McCall et al. (Case. No. 304415), filed in California Superior Court, City and County of Midland, [COMPANY] is named as a nominal defendant only as no relief is sought against it in these actions. Plaintiffs in Mitchell agreed to defer any action by the court on Apex Health Distribution’s motions 11 Table of [COMPANY] pending resolution of Apex Health Distribution’s dismissal motion in Ash. On September 15, 2000, in the Ash case, the Court of Chancery dismissed all causes of action with leave to re-plead certain of the dismissed claims, and on January 22, 2001, the Ash plaintiffs filed a Third Amended Complaint. On October 30, 2003, the Court granted the plaintiffs leave to file a Fourth Amended Complaint and changed the caption of the case to Saito, et. al. v. McCall (Civil Action No. 17132). On December 15, 2003, the defendants filed motions to dismiss the Fourth Amended Complaint. A hearing has been scheduled for May 18, 2004, to consider the defendants’ motions to dismiss. Five of the State Actions are class actions. Three of these were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery: Derdiger v. Tallman et al. (Civil Action No. 17276), Carroll v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 17454) and Kelly v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Civil Action No. 17282). Two additional actions were filed in the Delaware Superior Court: Edmondson v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 99-951) and Caravetta v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 00C-04-214 WTQ). The Carroll and Kelly actions have been voluntarily dismissed without prejudice. Apex Health Distribution removed Edmondson to federal court in Delaware and filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted by the federal court on March 5, 2002. Apex Health Distribution filed motions to stay the Derdiger and Caravetta actions in favor of proceedings in the federal Consolidated Action, which were granted. On December 20, 2001, the plaintiff in Derdiger moved to vacate the stay of that action. In a series of rulings dated September 9, 2002, October 11, 2002 and October 18, 2002, the court denied plaintiff’s motion to vacate the stay with respect to any class claims but granted plaintiff leave to proceed with his individual claims. Thereafter, the plaintiff filed a motion for partial summary judgment, and the former directors of Access Health, Inc., who are also defendants, filed a motion to dismiss the claims asserted against them. The parties have asked the court to defer consideration of those motions while they pursue settlement discussions. On August 4, 2003, the court issued an order dismissing the class action claims brought on behalf of persons other than the named plaintiff Howard Derdiger without prejudice in favor of the prior pending Consolidated Action pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The parties thereafter dismissed plaintiff Howard Derdiger’s individual claims with prejudice pursuant to a settlement. Several of the State Actions are individual actions which have been filed in various state courts. Five of these were filed in the California Superior Court, City and County of Midland, Kansas: Yurick v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 303857), The State of Oregon by and through the Oregon Public Employees Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 307619), Utah State Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311269), Minnesota State Board of Investment v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311747), and Merrill Lynch Fundamental Growth Fund et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. CGC-02-405792). Oregon, Utah, and Minnesota and Merrill Lynch have been consolidated before the Honorable Donald S. Mitchell under the Oregon caption. In Yurick, the trial court sustained Apex Health Distribution’s demurrer to the original complaint without leave to amend with respect to all causes of action except plaintiffs’ claims for common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation, which remain in the case. The complaint in Yurick seeks compensatory, general, special, punitive and consequential damages in an unspecified amount, prejudgment interest, costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees. On December 27, 2002, the Yurick action was assigned to Judge Mitchell, the presiding judge in the Oregon, Minnesota, Utah and Merrill Lynch actions. The Oregon, Utah and Minnesota actions referenced above are individual securities actions filed in the California Superior Court for the City and County of Midland, Kansas by the out-of-state pension funds for each of those States and Colorado. On October 16, 2002, after motion practice to challenge the sufficiency of the complaints in Utah, Minnesota and Oregon, which resulted in the dismissal of a number of claims that had been asserted against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC, and the consolidation of those actions under the caption The State of Oregon Public Employees Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Master File No. 307619), plaintiffs in Oregon, Minnesota and Utah filed a consolidated and amended complaint (the “CAAC”) which consolidated the remaining claims in those actions. On October 11, 2002, plaintiffs in Merrill Lynch filed an amended complaint in the Merrill Lynch action. On March 13, 2003, Judge Mitchell overruled Apex Health Distribution’s and HBOC’s demurrers to and motions to strike the CAAC in Oregon, Minnesota and Utah. On the same date, Judge Mitchell sustained in part and overruled in part Apex Health Distribution’s and HBOC’s demurrers, and denied Apex Health Distribution’s and HBOC’s motions to strike the amended complaint in Merrill Lynch. Following those orders, the following claims remain against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC in the consolidated Oregon action: (i) under California law, for violation of California Corporations Code § 25000/25400, for violation of California Business and Professions Code § 17200 (against HBOC only), and for common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation, and (ii) under Georgia law, claims for conspiracy under Georgia’s RICO statute, and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy, and aiding and abetting. The CAAC seeks 12 Table of [COMPANY] compensatory, general, punitive and special damages, pre-judgment interest, post-judgment interest and reasonable attorneys’ fees. Following the Court’s March 13, 2003, orders and the Court’s June 18, 2003, order granting the plaintiffs’ motion for reconsideration, the following claims remain against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC in the Merrill Lynch action: (i) under California law, for violation of California Corporations Code § 25000/25400, for violation of California Business and Professions Code § 17200 (against HBOC only), and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy and aiding and abetting, (ii) under New Jersey law, for violation of New Jersey’s RICO statute and conspiracy to violate New Jersey’s RICO statute, and (iii) under Georgia law, for violation of Georgia’s securities laws and violation of Georgia’s RICO statutes. On June 27, 2003, plaintiffs in the Merrill Lynch action filed a Third Amended Complaint (the “TAAC”) against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, various current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, and Arthur Andersen. Like the prior complaints in the Merrill Lynch action, the TAAC generally alleges that the defendants are liable under various statutory and common law claims in connection with the events leading to Apex Health Distribution’s announcements in April, May and July of 1999. The TAAC asserts claims against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC under California Corporations Code § 25400(d)/25500, California Business and Profession Code § 17200 (HBOC only), common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy and aiding and abetting, New Jersey RICO (Apex Health Distribution only), conspiracy to violate New Jersey RICO, Georgia’s securities laws, and conspiracy to violate Georgia RICO. The TAAC seeks an award of restitution, compensatory damages and treble damages in an unspecified amount, and costs and expenses of litigation, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees. On July 25, 2003, Apex Health Distribution and HBOC answered the Consolidated Complaint in Oregon, Minnesota and Utah, generally denying the allegations and any liability to plaintiffs. Also on July 25, 2003, Apex Health Distribution filed cross-claims against all plaintiffs named in the Consolidated Complaint, alleging that if such parties exchanged HBOC shares in the Merger that were artificially inflated, as alleged by those parties in the Consolidated Complaint, then the exchange ratio for the Merger provided more shares to plaintiffs than would have otherwise been the case, and more shares than was just. [COMPANY]’s cross-claims against the plaintiffs seek judgments requiring plaintiffs to disgorge to the Company any “unjust enrichment.” On January 9, 2004, the court heard arguments on plaintiffs’ motion to dismiss Apex Health Distribution’s cross-claims. The court has not yet issued a ruling on that motion. On September 26, 2003 the Merrill Lynch Plaintiffs filed a Fourth Amended Complaint (the “FAC”). The FAC adds Bear Stearns, [COMPANY], Inc. (“GECC”), [COMPANY] International, Inc. (“CAI”), and [COMPANY]. (“WebMD”) as defendants. The claims against GECC allege that GECC aided and abetted the alleged fraud at HBOC, conspired to commit fraud and made negligent misrepresentations. On December 30, 2003, Apex Health Distribution and HBOC answered the FAC, generally denying the allegations and any liability to plaintiffs. Judge Mitchell has scheduled a trial date of November 28, 2005, in the consolidated Oregon, Minnesota, Utah and Merrill Lynch actions. Several individual actions have been filed in various state courts outside of California. Several of these cases have been filed in Georgia state courts. On October 24, 2000, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned [COMPANY] Limited Partnership et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 00VS010469A). Plaintiffs in the Suffolk action allegedly purchased the Company’s common stock after the Merger but before the April 1999 announcement. Plaintiffs assert claims under Georgia’s securities and racketeering laws, and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy, and aiding and abetting. The Suffolk action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, and certain of the Company’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and Arthur Andersen. Like the Consolidated Action, the claims in the Suffolk action generally arise out of the January 12, 1999 Merger, and the Company’s announcement of the need to restate its financial statements. Plaintiffs seek (i) compensatory damages of approximately $22 million, as well as general, rescissory, special, punitive, exemplary, and with respect to certain causes of action, treble damages, and (ii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees. [COMPANY] and HBOC separately answered the complaint on January 9, 2001. [COMPANY] and HBOC moved for an order staying the Suffolk action in favor of the Consolidated Action on January 10, 2001. On August 2, 2001, the Court granted the motions to stay. Subsequently, however, in May 2003, the Court lifted the stay and directed the parties to coordinate discovery with that in the Consolidated Action and several other actions. Following the lifting of the stay, all Defendants filed motions to dismiss on various grounds, all of which were denied, except as to Defendant Pulido, whom Plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed. Discovery is now proceeding in coordination with the Consolidated Action. On November 1, 2000, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned [COMPANY], L.P. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 00 VS 010801). Plaintiff in the Curran action allegedly purchased the Company’s common stock after the Merger but before the April 1999 announcement. The claims in the Curran action are identical to the claims in the Suffolk action. Plaintiff seeks (i) compensatory damages of approximately 13 Table of [COMPANY] $3 million, as well as general, rescissory, special, punitive, exemplary, and with respect to certain causes of action, treble damages, and (ii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees. The Curran action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, and certain of the Company’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and [COMPANY] and HBOC separately answered the Complaint on January 9, 2001. [COMPANY] and HBOC moved for an order staying the Curran action in favor of the Consolidated Action on January 10, 2001. The Court granted the motions to stay on August 22, 2001. However, in September 2003, the court lifted the stay and transferred the action to the judge presiding over the previously-reported action captioned [COMPANY]. et al v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al , (Georgia State Court, Fulton County No. 00VS010469A). Discovery is now proceeding in coordination with the Consolidated Action. On December 12, 2001, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned Drake v. [COMPANY]., et al. (Case No. 01VS026303A). Plaintiff in Drake is a former HBOC employee seeking lost commissions as well as asserting claims under Georgia’s securities and racketeering laws, and various common law causes of action. Plaintiff seeks (i) approximately $300,000 in unpaid commissions, (ii) unspecified compensatory, consequential, actual, exemplary, and punitive damages, and (iii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ fees. The Drake action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. The parties entered into a Consent Order for Partial Stay on February 27, 2002, which stayed Plaintiff’s Georgia securities law, fraud and RICO claims. On March 4, 2002, Apex Health Distribution and [COMPANY]. separately filed their answers. Following discovery, the case was settled and Plaintiff filed a dismissal with prejudice on March 5, 2004. Two similar Georgia actions have been consolidated for purposes of discovery and may be consolidated for purposes of trial. On January 31, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia Superior Court, Fulton County, under the caption Holcombe T. Green and [COMPANY]. v. Apex Health Distribution, Inc. et al. (Case No. 2002-CV-48407). Plaintiffs in the Green action are former HBOC shareholders. Plaintiff Holcombe Green was also a former officer, chairman and director of HBOC. On February 6, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia Superior Court, Fulton County, under the caption [COMPANY], L.P. v. Apex Health Distribution, Inc. et al. (Case No. 2002-CV-48612). Plaintiff in the Hall action is a former HBOC shareholder. One of the limited partners of the Hall Plaintiff is Nancy Hall Green, the wife of Holcombe Green. The complaints in the Green and Hall actions are substantially identical. In each action, Plaintiffs asserted claims for common law fraud and fraudulent conveyance and named as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. In each action, plaintiffs seek compensatory damages in excess of $100 million, as well as unspecified general, special and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. [COMPANY] and HBOC filed their respective answers and counterclaims on April 22, 2002. HBOC also filed a third party complaint against Holcombe Green for indemnification. [COMPANY] and HBOC also filed motions to stay and dismiss. The Court denied the motions to stay, and partially granted the motions to dismiss, dismissing Plaintiffs’ claims for fraudulent conveyance. Plaintiffs moved to dismiss the counterclaims filed by the Company and HBOC, and the Court denied those motions. Discovery is under way and will proceed for some time. The trial court granted Plaintiffs’ motion to compel the production of certain work product materials, and the Georgia Court of Appeals affirmed. [COMPANY] has filed a petition for discretionary review in the Georgia Supreme Court, and Plaintiffs have filed an opposition to that petition. On May 8, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, under the caption James Gilbert v. Apex Health Distribution, et al. (Case No. 02VS032502C). Plaintiff, formerly the general counsel of HBOC, alleges he was a holder of options to purchase shares of the Company’s stock. The action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. Plaintiff seeks compensatory damages of approximately $2 million, as well as unspecified general, special and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. On June 24, 2002, the Company and HBOC filed their respective answers, motions to stay, and motions to dismiss. On November 26, 2002, the court granted the motions to stay, and this case is stayed until final disposition of the Consolidated Action. The United States Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of California (“USAO”) and the SEC are conducting investigations into the matters leading to the restatement. On May 15, 2000, the USAO filed a one-count information against former HBOC officer, Dominick DeRosa, charging Mr. DeRosa with aiding and abetting securities fraud, and on May 15, 2000, Mr. DeRosa entered a guilty plea to that charge. On September 28, 2000, an indictment was unsealed in the Northern District of California against former HBOC officer, Jay P. Gilbertson, and former Company and HBOC officer, Albert J. Bergonzi, United States v. Bergonzi, et al. (Case No. CR-00-0505). On that same date, a civil complaint was filed by the SEC against [EXECUTIVE], [EXECUTIVE] and Mr. DeRosa Securities and Exchange Commission v. Gilbertson, et al. (Case No. C-00-3570). Mr. DeRosa has settled with the SEC without admitting or denying the substantive allegations of the complaint. On January 10, 2001, the grand jury 14 Table of [COMPANY] returned a superseding indictment in the Northern District of California against Messrs. Gilbertson and Bergonzi, United States v. Bergonzi, et al. (Case No. CR-00-0505), and on June 4, 2003, a second superseding indictment was unsealed which added new charges against [EXECUTIVE] and which also charged both former Chairman of the Board of HBOC and the Company, Charles W. McCall, and former HBOC General Counsel, Jay Lapine, with various securities law violations. Also on June 4, 2003, the USAO announced the filing of agreements with Messrs. Gilbertson, DeRosa and former HBOC Senior Vice President for Finance, Timothy Heyerdahl, to plead guilty to various securities law violations (Case Nos. CR-00-0505, CR-00-0213 and CR-01-0002, respectively). The USAO has informed the Company that it is not now nor has it ever been a subject or target of the USAO’s investigation. On September 27, 2001, the SEC filed securities fraud charges against six former HBOC officers and employees including Messrs. Heyerdahl and Lapine. Simultaneous with the filing of the Commission’s civil complaints, four of the six defendants settled the claims brought against them by, among other things, consenting, without admitting or denying the allegations of the complaints, to entry of permanent injunctions against all of the alleged violations, and agreed to pay civil penalties in various amounts. On June 4, 2003, the SEC filed a civil complaint against Mr. McCall for various securities law violations (Case No. C-03-2603). On January 3, 2002, the Company was notified in writing by the SEC that its investigation has been terminated as to the Company, and that no enforcement action has been recommended to the Commission. On April 24, 2003, Gilbertson entered into a written plea agreement with the USAO in which he pled guilty to conspiracy to commit securities fraud and making false statements in a document filed with the SEC. On October 16, 2003, Bergonzi entered into a written plea agreement with the USAO in which he pled guilty to securities fraud and conspiracy to commit securities fraud. On March 30, 2004, the USAO filed a three count indictment against former Apex Health Distribution Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer, Richard H. Hawkins, charging him with conspiracy to commit securities and wire fraud, securities fraud, and making false statements to an accountant. On March 31, 2004, [EXECUTIVE] pled not guilty to the charges. We do not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of the accounting litigation proceedings, or to estimate the amounts of, or potential range of, loss with respect to those proceedings. In addition, the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company, which could have a material adverse impact on Apex Health Distribution’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. II. Other Litigation and Claims In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for product liability and other damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. These include: Product Liability Litigation and Other Claims Our subsidiary, [COMPANY]., is one of many defendants in approximately 24 cases in which plaintiffs claim they were injured due to exposure, over many years, to latex proteins in gloves manufactured by numerous manufacturers and distributed by a number of distributors, including [COMPANY]. Efforts to resolve tenders of defense to its suppliers are continuing and final agreements have been reached with two major suppliers. [COMPANY].’s insurers are providing some coverage for these cases, subject to applicable deductibles. We, along with more than 100 other companies, have been named in a lawsuit brought in 2000 by the Lemelson Medical, Educational & Research Foundation (the “Foundation”) alleging that we and our subsidiaries are infringing seven (7) U.S. patents relating to common bar code scanning technology and its use for the automated management and control of product inventory, warehousing, distribution and point-of-sale transactions. Due to the pendency of earlier litigation brought against the Foundation by the manufacturers of bar code devices attacking the validity of the patents at issue, the court stayed the suit against us until the conclusion of the earlier case, including any appeals that may be taken. The trial in this earlier case concluded in January 2003 and the court subsequently ruled that each of the patents at issue was invalid due to prosecutorial laches. An appeal by the Foundation to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals is anticipated. While the suit against the Company was stayed, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office granted petitions for reexamination of three of the seven patents asserted by the Foundation against the Company. The reexamination will determine, among other things, whether these patents have expired. 15 Table of [COMPANY] Each of the remaining four patents in the action has already expired by its own terms, or by the Foundation disclaiming the remaining portion of the patent’s life. We, through our former [COMPANY] division, are named in approximately 66 cases involving the alleged distribution of asbestos. These cases typically involve multiple plaintiffs claiming personal injuries and unspecified compensatory and punitive damages as a result of exposure to asbestos-containing materials. Pursuant to an indemnification agreement signed at the time of the 1986 sale of [COMPANY] to what is now called [COMPANY]. (“Univar”), we have tendered each of these actions to Univar. Univar is currently defending us but has raised questions concerning the extent of its obligations under the indemnification agreement. Discussions with Univar on that subject are ongoing. We have not paid or incurred any costs or expenses in connection with these actions to date; and we continue to look to Univar for defense and full indemnification of these claims. In addition, we believe that, if necessary, a portion of these claims would be covered by insurance. On January 21, 2004, [COMPANY] (“AmerisourceBergen”) filed a bid protest and a request for injunctive relief, [COMPANY] vs. U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs (Action No. 04-00063), in the United States Court of Federal Claims in connection with the December 31, 2003 award by the United States Department of Veteran Affairs (the “VA”) of Prime Vendor status to the Company for the supply of pharmaceutical products to the VA commencing April 1, 2004. We successfully moved to intervene in this action. On February 9, 2004, the parties stipulated and the Court ordered a delay in the commencement date of the VA contract to a date 45 days following the Court’s decision on the merits of the AmerisourceBergen protest. On March 31, 2004, the Court issued its decision rejecting AmerisourceBergen’s bid protest and ordering the dismissal of the complaint. Pursuant to the terms of the Court’s February 9 th order, the Company’s performance under the Prime Vendor contract commenced on May 10, 2004. The U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Illinois (“USAOI”) is conducting an industry-wide civil and criminal investigation into the marketing, sale and Medicare reimbursement of enteral nutritional products (“Products”). The Products are sold by the extended care business conducted by our subsidiary, [COMPANY]. (“Minnesota Supply”). The USAOI has indicated that the Company and two employees of Minnesota Supply are subjects of the investigation. In July of 2003, the USAOI announced indictments of the two employees on charges of mail fraud, conspiracy, and violation of the anti-kickback statute. The employees were subsequently placed on leave pending resolution of the charges. We continue to cooperate with the investigation. On May 4, 2004, a judgment was entered against the Company in Charlene Roby vs. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al, ( Action No. CV01-573), pending in the Superior Court of Yolo County, California on claims by a former employee for wrongful termination, disability discrimination and harassment and against a Company employee defendant on the harassment claim only. The jury awarded plaintiff $3.5 million in compensatory damages against the Company and $0.5 million in compensatory damages against the individual employee. Punitive damages of $15.0 million were assessed against the [COMPANY] will seek reduction or reversal of this judgment through post-trial motions, and through an appeal, if necessary. If these efforts are not successful, this judgment could have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. Environmental Matters Primarily as a result of the operation of our former chemical businesses, which were fully divested by 1987, we are involved in various matters pursuant to environmental laws and regulations. We have received claims and demands from governmental agencies relating to investigative and remedial action purportedly required to address environmental conditions alleged to exist at six sites where we, or entities acquired by us, formerly conducted operations; and we, by administrative order or otherwise, have agreed to take certain actions at those sites, including soil and groundwater remediation. In addition, we were recently one of multiple recipients of a New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection Agency directive and a separate United States Environmental Protection Agency directive relating to potential natural resources damages (“NRD”) associated with one of these six sites. Although the Company’s potential allocation under either directive cannot be determined at this time, we have agreed to participate with a potentially responsible party (“PRP”) group in the funding of an NRD assessment, the costs of which are reflected in the aggregate estimates set forth below. Based on a determination by our environmental staff, in consultation with outside environmental specialists and counsel, the current estimate of reasonably possible remediation costs for these six sites is $12.9 million, net of approximately $2 million that third parties have agreed to pay in settlement or we expect, based either on 16 Table of [COMPANY] agreements or nonrefundable contributions which are ongoing, to be contributed by third parties. The $12.9 million is expected to be paid out between April 2004 and March of 2028. Our liability for these environmental matters has been accrued in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we have been designated as a PRP under the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the “Superfund” law or its state law equivalent) for environmental assessment and cleanup costs as the result of our alleged disposal of hazardous substances at 26 sites. With respect to each of these sites, numerous other PRPs have similarly been designated and, while the current state of the law potentially imposes joint and several liability upon PRPs, as a practical matter costs of these sites are typically shared with other PRPs. Our estimated liability at those 26 sites is approximately $2 million. The aggregate settlements and costs paid by us in Superfund matters to date have not been significant. The accompanying consolidated balance sheets include this environmental liability. The potential costs to us related to environmental matters are uncertain due to such factors as: the unknown magnitude of possible pollution and cleanup costs; the complexity and evolving nature of governmental laws and regulations and their interpretations; the timing, varying costs and effectiveness of alternative cleanup technologies; the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other PRPs; and the extent, if any, to which such costs are recoverable from insurance or other parties. While it is not possible to determine with certainty the ultimate outcome of any of the litigation or governmental proceedings discussed under this section II, “Other Litigation and Claims”, we believe based on current knowledge and the advice of our counsel that, except as otherwise noted, such litigation and proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. III. Contingency In 2002, we entered into a $500 million, ten year contract with the [COMPANY] Information Authority (“NHS”), an organization of the British government charged with the responsibility of delivering healthcare in England and Wales. The contract engages the Company to develop, implement and operate a human resources and payroll system at more than 600 NHS locations. To date, there have been delays to this contract which have caused increased costs and a decrease in the amount of time in which we can earn revenues. These delays have adversely impacted the contract’s projected profitability and no material revenue has yet been recognized on this contract. As of March 31, 2004, our consolidated balance sheet includes an investment of approximately $76 million in net assets, consisting of prepaid expenses, software and capital assets, net of cash received, related to this contract. While we believe it is likely that we can deliver and operate an acceptable system and recover our investment in this contract, we are currently negotiating with the NHS to amend certain key terms and conditions in the contract, and there is no certainty we will agree on an updated implementation plan. We expect this negotiation to be completed in the second half of calendar year 2004. However, the timing and the outcome of these negotiations is uncertain and failure to reach agreement on an updated implementation plan and amend certain key contract terms and conditions, and/or further delays in the implementation may result in losses that could be material. Even if we agree on amended contract terms and conditions and an updated implementation plan, it is possible that the terms of that agreement may result in the impairment of our net assets related to the contract as well as substantial penalties and charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the three months ended March 31, 2004. 17 Table of [COMPANY] Executive Officers of the Registrant The following table sets forth information regarding the executive officers of the Company, including their principal occupations during the past five years. The number of years of service with the Company includes service with predecessor companies. There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers or directors of the Company. The executive officers are chosen annually to serve until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and have qualified, or until death, resignation or removal, whichever is sooner. Name Age Position with Registrant and Business Experience William Harrington 45 Chairman of the Board since July 31, 2002; President and Chief Executive Officer since April 1, 2001; Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer from July 1999 to April 1, 2001 and a director since July 1999. Formerly Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer of the [COMPANY] Business (January-July 1999); Group President, [COMPANY] (1997-1999) and Vice President of the Company since 1996. Service with the Company – 9 years. Jeffrey C. Campbell 43 Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer since April 2004, [COMPANY] Officer since December 2003, Senior Vice President since January 2004. Senior Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer, [COMPANY] (2002-2003), Vice President Europe (2000-2002), Vice President Corporate Development and Treasurer (1998-2000), various AMR management positions beginning 1990. Service with the Company – 5 months Paul C. Julian 48 Executive Vice President, Group President since April 2004; Senior Vice President since August 1999, and President of the [COMPANY] Business since March 2000; Group President, Apex Health Distribution General Medical (1997-2000); Executive Vice President, [COMPANY] (1996-1997). Service with the Company – 8 years. Paul E. Kirincic 53 Executive Vice President, Human Resources since April 2004, Senior Vice President, Human Resources since January 2001; Vice President, Human Resources, Consumer Health Sector, Warner Lambert (1998-2001); Vice President, Human Resources, Whirlpool Europe, [COMPANY] (1996-1998). Service with the Company – 3 years. Ivan D. Meyerson 59 Corporate Secretary since April 1999, Executive Vice President and General Counsel since April 2004, and Senior Vice President and General Counsel since January 1999; Vice President and General Counsel (1987-January 1999). Service with the Company – 26 years. Marc E. Owen 44 Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development since April 2004, Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development since October 2001; consultant to the Company April 2001-September 2001, when he joined the Company; President and CEO, MindCrossing (April-November 2000); Senior Partner, McKinsey and Company (1987-2000). Service with the Company – 3 years. Pamela J. Pure 42 Executive Vice President, President, [COMPANY] since April 2004; [COMPANY], Chief Operating Officer (2002-2004), Group President (2001-2002), Chief Operating Officer, Channel Health (1999-2001). Service with the Company – 3 years. Cheryl T. Smith 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since April 2004, Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer since October 2002; Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, [COMPANY] and President, [COMPANY], Inc. (1998-August 2002); Vice President, IS – [COMPANY], Verizon, Inc. (1994-1998). Service with the Company – 2 years. 18 Table of [COMPANY] PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) Market Information. The principal market on which the Company’s common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). [COMPANY]’s common stock is also traded on the Pacific Exchange, Inc. High and low prices for the common stock by quarter are included in Financial Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, “[COMPANY] Information (Unaudited),” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (b) Holders. The number of record holders of the Company’s common stock at March 31, 2004 was 12,049. (c) Dividends. Dividend information is included in Financial Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, “[COMPANY] Information (Unaudited),” appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (d) Share Repurchase Plans. The following table details share repurchases during the fourth quarter: Share Repurchases (1), (2) Total Number of Approximate Dollar Shares Purchased Value of Shares that As Part of Publicly May Yet Be Total Number of Average Price Announced Purchased Under the (In millions except price per share) Shares Purchased Paid Per Share Programs Programs January 1, through January 31, 2004 0.6 $ 29.19 0.6 $ 232.6 February 1 through February 29, 2004 0.9 29.19 0.8 208.6 March 1, through March 31, 2004 — — — 208.6 Quarter ended March 31, 2004 1.5 $ 29.19 1.4 $ 208.6 (1) On July 26, 2000 and October 30, 2003, the Company’s Board of Directors approved plans to repurchase up to $250.0 million per plan of the Company’s common stock. These plans have no expiration date. In the fourth quarter of 2004, the Company effectively completed its July 26, 2000 plan. (2) [COMPANY] repurchased 0.1 million of its common stock outside of its previously announced plans. These repurchases were primarily the result of common stock being surrendered by employees for purposes of payment of income taxes relating to the exercise of stock options. Item 6. [COMPANY] Data Selected financial data is presented in the Five-Year Highlights section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and [COMPANY]’s discussion and analysis of the Company’s results of operations and financial condition are presented in the Financial Review section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Information required by this item is included in the Financial Review section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 8. Financial Statements and [COMPANY] Statements and Supplementary Data are included as separate sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Item 15. 19 Table of Contents \ Apex Health Distribution Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Our Chief Executive Officer and our [COMPANY] Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of the Company’s “disclosure controls and procedures” (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective based on their evaluation of these controls and procedures required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. PART III Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Information about our Directors is incorporated by reference from the discussion under Item 1 of our proxy statement for the 2004 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”) under the heading “Election of Directors.” Information about compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “10-K Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance” in our Proxy Statement. Information about our Audit Committee, including the members of the committee, and our Audit Committee financial expert is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the headings “Audit Committee Report” and “[COMPANY] Expert” in our Proxy Statement. Information about the Code of Ethics governing our Chief Executive Officer, [COMPANY] Officer, Controller and Financial Managers (“[COMPANY] Managers Code”) can be found on our Web site, www.apexhealthdist.com under the Governance tab. The balance of the information required by this item is contained in the discussion entitled “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Item 4 of Part I of this 2004 Form 10-[COMPANY]’s Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines which can be found on our Web site under the Governance tab. Stockholders may request a copy of the [COMPANY] Managers Code or the Corporate Governance Guidelines from: [COMPANY] One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, 33rd Floor One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 (800) 826-9360 Item 11. Executive Compensation Information with respect to this item is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information about security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement. 20 Table of [COMPANY] The following table sets forth information as of March 31, 2004 with respect to the plans under which the Company’s common stock is authorized for issuance: Number of securities remaining available for Number of securities future issuance under to be issued upon Weighted-average equity compensation exercise of exercise price of plans (excluding outstanding options, outstanding options, securities reflected in Plan category warrants and rights warrants and rights the first column ) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 22,438,323 $ 48.71 11,424,538 (2) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (3),(4) 38,544,322 $ 34.77 11,702,104 Total 60,982,645 $ 39.91 23,126,642 (1) Includes the 1973 Stock Purchase Plan, the 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, the 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). (2) Includes 4,951,576 shares which remained available for purchase under the ESPP at March 31, 2004. On April 30, 2004, a purchase of shares occurred on behalf of participants reducing the number of shares available under the ESPP to 4,329,778. (3) Includes the broad-based 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, the 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan, the 1999 Executive Stock Purchase Plan, a small assumed sharesave scheme (similar to the ESPP) in the United Kingdom (the “U.K. Sharesave Scheme”) and two stock option plans. (4) As a result of acquisitions, the Company currently has 18 assumed option plans under which options are exercisable for 4,244,903 shares of Company common stock. No further awards will be made under any of the assumed plans and information regarding the assumed options is not included in the table above. The following are descriptions of equity plans that have been approved by the Company’s stockholders. The plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, except for the Directors’ Plan (defined below) which is administered by the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance. 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the “1994 Plan”) : The 1994 Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors in 1994 and provides for the grant of approximately 41.2 million shares, which includes awards granted under predecessor plans, in the form of nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options with or without tandem stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), restricted stock, or restricted stock units (“RSUs”). Options granted under the 1994 Plan are generally subject to the same terms and conditions as those granted under the 1999 Plan, discussed below, except that under the 1994 Plan only executive officers of the Company are eligible to receive option grants. The 1994 Plan expires in October 2004. 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan (the “Directors’ Plan”) : The Directors’ Plan was adopted in 1997 and provides for the grant of approximately 1.3 million shares in the form of nonqualified stock options or RSUs to non-employee directors of the Company. Shares subject to option grants which cease to be exercisable shall not be counted against the number of shares available under the Directors’ Plan. RSUs (described below), whether or not distributed in the form of restricted stock, will be counted against the number of shares available. Under the Director’s Plan, each director receives an annual stock option grant of 7,500 RSUs. In addition, each director is required to defer 50% of his or her annual retainer into either RSUs payable in cash or stock at the Director’s election, or nonqualified stock options, and may also elect to defer the remaining 50% of the annual retainer into RSUs or Retainer Options or the Company’s deferred compensation administration plan (DCAP II), or may elect to receive cash. Meeting fees and Committee Chair annual retainers may be deferred into RSUs or DCAP II or may be paid in cash. Options are granted at fair market value and have a term of ten years. 1973 Stock Purchase Plan (the “SPP”): The SPP was adopted by the stockholders of the Company’s predecessor in 1973. [COMPANY]’s stockholders approved an additional 2.5 million shares to be issued under the SPP in 1999, which remain available for issuance. Rights to purchase shares are granted under the SPP to key employees of the Company as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board. The purchase price, to be paid in cash or using promissory notes of the Company common stock subject to rights granted under the SPP, is the fair market value of such stock on the date the right is exercised. 2000 ESPP: The ESPP is intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. In March 2002, the Board amended the ESPP to allow for participation 21 Table of [COMPANY] in the plan by employees of certain of the Company’s international and other subsidiaries. As to those employees, the ESPP does not so qualify. Currently, 11.1 million shares have been authorized for issuance under the ESPP. The ESPP is implemented through a continuous series of 24-month offerings beginning on the first trading day on or after each May 1 and November 1 (the “Offering Dates”) and ending on the last trading day of the month which is 24 months later (the “Offering Periods”) and six-month periods beginning on each May 1 and November 1 and ending on the following October 31 and April 30, during which contributions may be made toward the purchase of common stock under the plan (“Purchase Periods”). Each eligible employee may elect to authorize regular payroll deductions during the next succeeding Purchase Period, the amount of which may not exceed 15% of a participant’s compensation. At the end of each Purchase Period, the funds withheld by each participant will be used to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock. The purchase price of each share of the Company’s common stock will be the lesser of (i) 85% of the fair market value of such share on the first day of the Offering Period; or (ii) 85% of the fair market value of such share on the last day of the applicable Purchase Period. In general, the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be purchased by a participant for each Purchase Period is determined by dividing $12,500 by the fair market value of one share of common stock on the Offering Date. The following are descriptions of equity plans that have not been submitted for approval by the Company’s stockholders: 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the “Plan ”): The Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors in 1999. The Plan provides for the grant to eligible employees of 45.2 million shares in the form of nonqualified stock options, with or without SARs, restricted stock or restricted stock units. No executive officers or directors participate in this Plan. Options are granted at not less than fair market value and have a term of ten years. Options generally become exercisable in four equal annual installments beginning one year after the grant date, or after four years from the date of grant. Restricted stock granted under the Plan contains certain restrictions on transferability and may not be transferred until such restrictions lapse (generally two to four years). Grantees may elect to use stock to satisfy any withholding tax obligation upon the lapsing of restrictions on restricted stock awards. 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan (the “Canadian Plan”): The Canadian Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors in January 1998, following the Company’s acquisition of a Canadian company, to provide nonqualified stock options, with or without tandem SARs, to eligible employees of the Canadian company. The Canadian Plan has subsequently been amended to allow for the grant of stock options to employees of any of the Company’s Canadian subsidiaries. A total of 0.9 million shares have been authorized for issuance under the Canadian Plan. Options granted under the Canadian Plan are generally subject to the same terms and conditions as those granted under the 1999 Plan, discussed above, except that (i) options may be granted for less than the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant, and (ii) all options will become immediately exercisable upon an employee’s disability or death and must be exercised within three years of such date. Stock Option Plans Adopted in January 1999 and August 1999 : On January 27, 1999 and August 25, 1999 the Board of Directors adopted certain stock option plans (the “January 1999 Plan” and the “August 1999 Plan”, or together the “Plans”) to provide stock options to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock to eligible employees of the Company pursuant to NYSE rules in effect at the time the Plans were established. A maximum of 5.8 million and 5.2 million shares of common stock were authorized for issuance under the January 1999 and August 1999 Plans. In each case the Plans state that: (i) under each of the Plans no single officer or director of the Company or any subsidiary could acquire more than 1% of the Company’s common stock outstanding at the time the Plans were adopted, and (ii) each of the Plans, together with all stock option or purchase plans, or any other arrangements pursuant to which officers or directors of the Company may acquire common stock (other than stock plans for which stockholder approval is not required under Section 312.03 of the NYSE Rules), does not authorize the issuance of more than 5% of the Company’s common stock outstanding at the time the Plans were adopted (collectively the “NYSE Limits”). Options were granted under each of the Plans to eligible employees of the Company. No further grants will be made from either of the Plans. Options granted under these plans are generally subject to the same terms and conditions as those granted under the 1994 and 1999 Plans. 22 Table of [COMPANY] 1999 Executive Stock Purchase Plan (the “1999 SPP”): The 1999 SPP was adopted by the Board of Directors in February 1999. The 1999 SPP provided for the grant of rights to purchase a maximum of 0.7 million shares of common stock subject to the NYSE Limits. No further grants will be made from the 1999 SPP. Rights to purchase shares were granted under the 1999 SPP to eligible employees of the Company. The purchase price, to be paid in cash or using promissory notes, for the Company common stock subject to rights granted under the 1999 SPP was equal to the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date the right was exercised (which was the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the NYSE). Purchases were evidenced by written stock purchase agreements which provide for the payment of the purchase price by (i) payment in cash, or (ii) a promissory note payable on a repayment schedule determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, or (iii) a combination of (i) and (ii). HBOC 1994 UK Sharesave Scheme (the “1994 Scheme”): In connection with the acquisition by the Company of HBO & Company (“HBOC”), we assumed the HBOC 1994 Scheme which is similar to the ESPP, under which 227,268 shares remain available for issuance. Employees and previous directors of HBOC and its subsidiaries, who are residents of the United Kingdom, are eligible to receive options under the 1994 Scheme. The exercise price of the stock covered by each option shall not be less than 85% of the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date the option is granted. Participants under the 1994 Scheme pay for options through monthly contributions, subject to minimum and maximum monthly limits. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Information with respect to certain transactions with management is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement under the heading “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.” Additional information regarding related party transactions is included in the Financial Review section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Financial Note 20, “Related Party Balances and Transactions,” to the consolidated financial statements. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services Information regarding principal accountant fees and services is set forth under the heading “Ratification of Appointment of Deloitte & [COMPANY] as Independent Auditors for 2005” in our Proxy Statement and all such information is incorporated herein by reference. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule, and Reports on Form 8-K (a) Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedule and [COMPANY] Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm: See “Index to [COMPANY] Information” 30 [COMPANY] Statement Schedule— Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 25 Financial statements and schedules not included have been omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information, where material, is shown in the financial statements, financial notes or supplementary financial information Exhibits: Exhibits submitted with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC and those incorporated by reference to other filings are listed on the Exhibit Index 26 23 Table of [COMPANY] (b) Reports on Form 8-K The following report on Form 8-K was filed during the three months ended March 31, 2004: Form 8-K date of report January 22, 2004, relating to a press release announcing the Company’s preliminary financial results for its third quarter of 2004. The following reports on Form 8-K were filed during the period between April 1, 2004 and the date of this filing: Form 8-K date of report April 29, 2004 relating to a press release announcing the Company’s preliminary financial results for its fourth quarter and fiscal year ended March 31, 2004. Form 8-K date of report April 30, 2004 relating to recast condensed consolidated operating information by business segment for fiscal 2003 and fiscal 2004. Form 8-K date of report May 4, 2004 relating to an employment litigation verdict against the Company. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Apex Health Distribution Dated: June 10, 2004 By /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer On behalf of the Registrant and pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated: * William Harrington Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) * David M. Lawrence, Director * Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer ([COMPANY] Officer) * Robert W. Matschullat, Director * Nigel A. Rees Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) * James V. Napier, Director * * Wayne A Budd, Director Jane E. Shaw, Director * * Alton F. Irby III, Director Richard F. Syron, Director * M. Christine Jacobs, Director /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson Ivan D. Meyerson *Attorney-in-Fact * Marie L. Knowles, Director Dated: June 10, 2004 24 Table of [COMPANY] SCHEDULE II SUPPLEMENTARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS For the Years Ended March 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 (In millions) Additions Balance at Charged to Deductions Beginning of Costs and Charged to From Allowance Balance at End Description Year Expenses Other Accounts Accounts (1) of Year (2) Year Ended March 31, 2004 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 261.1 $ 54.4 $ 0.4 $ (176.6 ) (3) $ 139.3 Other allowances 29.0 20.5 0.8 (12.8 ) 37.5 $ 290.1 $ 74.9 $ 1.2 $ (189.4 ) $ 176.8 Year Ended March 31, 2003 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 289.3 $ 68.5 $ 4.4 $ (101.1 ) (3) $ 261.1 Other allowances 30.0 13.4 0.2 (14.6 ) 29.0 $ 319.3 $ 81.9 $ 4.6 $ (115.7 ) $ 290.1 Year Ended March 31, 2002 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 384.1 $ 61.7 $ 3.6 $ (160.1 ) $ 289.3 Other allowances 36.6 4.8 — (11.4 ) 30.0 $ 420.7 $ 66.5 $ 3.6 $ (171.5 ) $ 319.3 2004 2003 2002 (1) Deductions: Written off $ 122.6 $ 88.1 $ 171.5 Credited to other accounts 66.8 27.6 — Total $ 189.4 $ 115.7 $ 171.5 (2) Amounts shown as deductions from: Current receivables $ 176.8 $ 285.4 $ 319.3 Notes receivable and other assets — 4.7 — Total $ 176.8 $ 290.1 $ 319.3 (3) Includes $66.4 million and $22.3 million in 2004 and 2003 in reversals of the allowance for customer settlements within our [COMPANY] segment. 25 Table of [COMPANY] EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibits identified in parentheses below are on file with the Commission and are incorporated by reference as exhibits hereto. Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on August 1, 2002 (Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, File No. 1-13252). 3.2 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 9, 2001 (Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, File No. 1-13252). 3.3 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company dated as of January 28, 2004. 4.1 Rights Agreement dated as of October 21, 1994 between the Company and [COMPANY] of New York, as Rights Agent (Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on October 27, 1994). 4.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Rights Agreement dated as of October 19, 1998 (Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998, File No. 1-13252). 4.3 Indenture, dated as of March 11, 1997, between the Company, as Issuer, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1997, File No. 1-13252). 4.4 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Apex Health Distribution Financing Trust, dated as of February 20, 1997, among the Company, The First National Bank of Chicago, as Institutional Trustee, First Chicago, Inc., as Delaware Trustee and the Regular Trustees (Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No. 333-26433, filed on June 18, 1997). 4.5 Apex Health Distribution Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement, dated as of February 20, 1997, between the Company, as Guarantor, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Preferred Guarantor (Exhibit 4.7 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration No. 333-26433, filed on May 2, 1997). 4.6 Indenture, dated as of January 29, 2002, between the Company, as Issuer and the Bank of New York, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.6 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, File No. 1-3252). 4.7 7.75% Notes due 2012 (Exhibit 4.7 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, File No 1-3252). 10.1 Apex Health Distribution 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, as amended through July 31, 2001 (Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, File No. 1-13252). 10.2 Apex Health Distribution 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, as amended through March 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, File No. 13252). 10.3 Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to certain Stock Options granted on August 16, 1999 (Exhibit 10.38 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.4 Apex Health Distribution 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan, as amended through January 29, 2003. 10.5 Apex Health Distribution Restated Supplemental PSIP (Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, File No. 1-13252). 10.6 Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan, amended as of January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.7 Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 26 Table of [COMPANY] Exhibit Number Description 10.8 Apex Health Distribution 1994 Option Gain Deferral Plan, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.9 Apex Health Distribution Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.11 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.10 Apex Health Distribution 1985 Executives’ Elective Deferred Compensation Plan, amended as of January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.12 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.11 [COMPANY] Deferred Compensation Plan, amended as of January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.13 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.12 Apex Health Distribution 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan, as amended through January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.14 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.13 Apex Health Distribution 1988 Executive Survivor Benefits Plan, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.15 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.14 Apex Health Distribution Executive Medical Plan Summary (Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.15 Apex Health Distribution Severance Policy for Executive Employees, as amended and restated January 27, 2004. 10.16 [COMPANY] Incentive Plan, as amended through July 26, 2000 (Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, File No 1-13252). 10.17 Apex Health Distribution Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan (Exhibit 10.18 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, File No. 1-13252). 10.18 Apex Health Distribution Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through July 31, 2002 (Exhibit 10.19 to the Company’s Annual Report on From 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, File No. 1-13252). 10.19 Apex Health Distribution 1999 Executive Stock Purchase Plan (Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement No. 333-71917 filed on February 5, 1999). 10.20 Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to Certain Stock Options Granted on January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.28 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.21 Apex Health Distribution 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan, as amended through October 26, 2001 (Exhibit 10.43 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, File No 1-13252). 10.22 Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999 among the Company, as servicer, [COMPANY], as seller, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] and [COMPANY], as conduits, The First National Bank of Chicago and Wachovia Bank, N.A., as managing agents, the several financial institutions from time to time party to the Agreement, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as collateral agent (Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.23 First Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 29, 1999 (Exhibit 10.36 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.24 Second Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 6, 1999 (Exhibit 10.37 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.25 Third Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 16, 2000 (Exhibit 10.26 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001, File No 1-13252). 27 Table of [COMPANY] Exhibit Number Description 10.26 Fourth Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2001 (Exhibit 10.42 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2001, File No. 1-13252). 10.27 Fifth Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2002 (Exhibit 10.30 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, File No. 1-13252). 10.29 Sixth Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2002 (Exhibit 10.31 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, File No. 1-13252). 10.30 Seventh Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2003. 10.31 Credit Agreement dated as of November 10, 1998 among the Company, Medis Health and [COMPANY]., Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, as Agent, Bank of America Canada, as Canadian Administrative Agent, The Chase Manhattan Bank, as documentation agent, First Union National Bank, as documentation agent, The First National Bank of Chicago, as documentation agent, and the other financial institutions party thereto (Exhibit 10.29 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-13252). 10.32 First Amendment to November 10, 1998 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 28, 1999 (Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.33 Second Amendment to November 10, 1998 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 1, 1999 (Exhibit 10.34 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.34 Syndicated Revolving Promissory Note dated as of May 28, 1999 among the Company, Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, as Agent, and the other noteholders’ signatures to the Note, Banc of [COMPANY]. as Sole Lead Arranger (Exhibit 10.40 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.35 Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1999 among the Company and the several financial institutions from time to time party to the Agreement (“Banks”), The Chase Manhattan Bank, First Union National Bank, [COMPANY] as documentation agents for Banks and Bank of America N.A. as administrative agent for Banks (Exhibit 10.32 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-13252). 10.36 First Amendment to October 22, 1999 Credit Agreement dated as of October 10, 2000 (Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001, File No. 1-13252). 10.37 Second Amendment to October 5, 2001 Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1999 (Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Annual Report on From 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, File No 1-13252). 10.38 Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2002 among the Company, [COMPANY], and a syndicate of financial institutions (Exhibit 10.39 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, File No. 1-13252). 10.39 Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2002 between the Company and a syndicate of financial institutions (Exhibit 10.40 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, File No. 1-13252). 10.40 Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2002 between [COMPANY]. and [COMPANY] (Exhibit 10.41 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, File No. 1-13252). 10.41 Services Agreement dated as of December 31, 2002 between [COMPANY]. and [COMPANY] (Exhibit 10.42 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, File No. 1-13252). 10.42 Form of Termination Agreement by and between the Company and certain designated Corporate Officers (Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Annual Report on From 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995, File No. 1-13252). 10.43 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2004, by and between the Company and its Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. 28 Table of [COMPANY] Exhibit Number Description 10.44 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2004, by and between the Company and its Executive Vice President and [COMPANY]. 10.45 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2004, by and between the Company and its Executive Vice President and Group President. 21 List of Subsidiaries of the Company 23 Consent of Deloitte & [COMPANY] 24 Power of Attorney 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a–14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 31.2 Certification of [COMPANY] Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a–14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 32 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request a copy of each instrument defining the rights of security holders with respect to issues of long-term debt of the Registrant, the authorized principal amount of which does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Registrant. 29 Table of [COMPANY] INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION Page Five-Year Highlights 31 Financial Review 32 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 54 [COMPANY] Statements: Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 55 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2004 and 2003 56 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended March 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 57 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 58 Financial Notes 59 30 Table of [COMPANY] FIVE-YEAR HIGHLIGHTS As of and for the Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share amounts and ratios) 2004 2003 2002 2001 (1) 2000 (1) Operating Results Revenues $ 69,506.1 $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 $ 42,000.1 $ 36,685.9 Percent change 21.7 % 14.3 % 19.0 % 14.5 % 22.4 % Gross profit 3,248.2 3,102.5 2,788.5 2,417.0 2,210.9 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 911.4 851.4 602.1 4.6 300.7 Income (loss) from continuing operations 646.5 562.1 421.8 (43.3 ) 183.3 Income (loss) from discontinued operations — (6.7 ) (3.2 ) (5.0 ) 540.4 Net income (loss) 646.5 555.4 418.6 (48.3 ) 723.7 Financial Position Working capital 3,548.1 3,278.4 3,112.0 2,610.7 2,838.1 Days sales outstanding for: (2) Customer receivables 25 26 26 26 28 Inventories 36 39 44 43 43 Drafts and accounts payable 40 43 47 45 40 Total assets 16,240.2 14,361.1 13,333.9 11,540.3 10,383.4 Total debt, including capital lease obligations 1,484.6 1,507.1 1,636.2 1,436.2 1,466.2 Stockholders’ equity 5,165.3 4,525.5 3,937.2 3,490.1 3,562.5 Property acquisitions 115.0 116.0 130.8 158.0 144.1 Common Share Information Common shares outstanding at year-end 290.4 291.2 287.9 284.0 283.4 Shares on which earnings per common share were based Diluted 298.6 298.8 298.1 283.1 284.2 Basic 290.0 289.3 285.2 283.1 281.3 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share Continuing operations 2.19 1.90 1.44 (0.15 ) 0.65 Discontinued operations — (0.02 ) (0.01 ) (0.02 ) 1.90 Total 2.19 1.88 1.43 (0.17 ) 2.55 Cash dividends declared (3) 69.7 69.7 68.5 68.3 67.5 Cash dividends declared per common share (3) 0.24 0.24 0.24 0.24 0.24 Book value per common share (4) 17.79 15.54 13.68 12.29 12.57 Market value per common share – year end 30.09 24.93 37.43 26.75 21.00 [COMPANY] employed (5) 6,649.9 6,032.6 5,573.4 4,926.3 5,028.7 Debt to capital ratio (6) 22.3 % 25.0 % 29.4 % 29.2 % 29.2 % Net debt to net capital employed (7) 12.9 % 17.7 % 21.4 % 22.1 % 19.5 % Average stockholders’ equity (8) 4,834.8 4,216.5 3,701.9 3,608.8 3,117.2 Return on stockholders’ equity (9) 13.4 % 13.2 % 11.3 % (1.3 )% 23.2 % Footnotes to Five Year Highlights: (1) 2001 and 2000 results include goodwill amortization. In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,” we discontinued amortizing goodwill in 2002. (2) Based on year-end balances and sales or cost of sales for the last 90 days of the year. Days sales outstanding for customer receivables are adjusted to include accounts receivable sold. (3) Cash dividends declared and dividends per common share amounts do not reflect the effects of pooling of interests transactions prior to the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 141, “Business Combinations,” in 2002. (4) Represents stockholders’ equity divided by year-end common shares outstanding. (5) Consists of total debt and stockholders’ equity. (6) Ratio is computed as total debt divided by capital employed. (7) Ratio is computed as total debt, net of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities (“net debt”), divided by net debt and stockholders’ equity (“net capital employed”). (8) Represents a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. (9) Ratio is computed as net income (loss), divided by a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. 31 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and [COMPANY]’s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition, referred to as the Financial Review, is intended to assist the reader in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of the Company together with its subsidiaries. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying financial notes. [COMPANY]’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references in this document to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. We conduct our business through three operating segments: [COMPANY], Apex MedSupply and [COMPANY] Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, “Significant Accounting Policies,” for a description of these segments. In addition, in order to respond to changes in our business environment, in April 2004 the Company reorganized certain businesses within these operating segments. [COMPANY] Review is prepared based on operating segments in effect at March 31, 2004. Supplemental financial information regarding our operating segments under our new organizational structure is included under the caption “2005 Operating Segments” included in this Financial Review. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2004 2003 2002 Revenues $ 69,506.1 $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 911.4 851.4 602.1 Net Income 646.5 555.4 418.6 Diluted Earnings Per Share $ 2.19 $ 1.88 $ 1.43 Revenues increased 22% to $69.5 billion in 2004 and 14% to $57.1 billion in 2003 primarily reflecting revenue growth in our [COMPANY] segment which is attributable to market growth rates as well as new customers and/or expanded business with existing customers. Gross profit increased 5% to $3.2 billion and 11% to $3.1 billion in 2004 and 2003. As a percentage of revenues, gross margins declined 76 and 15 basis points in 2004 and 2003. Declines in our gross profit margins primarily reflect a higher proportion of our revenue being attributable to our [COMPANY] segment, which has lower margins relative to our other segments and a decline in the [COMPANY] segment’s margin in 2004. This segment’s gross profit margin was impacted by declines in the sell margin due to the competitive environment in which we operate as well as pressure on its buy side margin and by a higher proportion of sales to customers’ warehouses which have lower margins. In addition, gross profit in 2004 and 2003 was impacted by a number of significant items, which are discussed in further detail, including a $51.0 million provision for expected losses on five multi-year contracts in our [COMPANY] segment’s international business in 2003. Operating expenses increased 4% to $2.3 billion and $2.2 billion in 2004 and 2003. As a percentage of revenues, operating expenses decreased 54 and 38 basis points in 2004 and 2003. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenues have declined over the last two years, mainly due to leveraging of our fixed cost infrastructure and productivity improvements in back-office and field operations as well as a higher proportion of sales to customers’ warehouses which have lower operating expense margins. Increases in operating expense dollars were primarily due to additional expenses incurred to support our sales volume growth. Operating expenses were also impacted by a number of significant items which are discussed in further detail, including a $66.4 million credit pertaining to the reversal of a portion of customer settlement reserves within our [COMPANY] segment in 2004 and $39.8 million in restructuring charges primarily related to a restructuring plan initiated for our Apex MedSupply segment and restructuring activities in our [COMPANY] segment in 2002. Income before income taxes increased 7% to $911.4 million and 41% to $851.4 million in 2004 and 2003, reflecting the above noted factors. On an operating segment basis, results for 2004 primarily reflect revenue growth 32 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) and competitive pricing pressure in our [COMPANY] segment, and improved operating profit in our Apex MedSupply and [COMPANY] segments. Results for 2003 reflect revenue growth and operating margin expansion in our [COMPANY] segment and improved operating profit in our [COMPANY] segment. Net income increased 16% to $646.5 million in 2004 and 33% to $555.4 million in 2003. Diluted earnings per share increased 16% to $2.19 in 2004 and 31% to $1.88 in 2003. In addition to those factors discussed above, net income reflected a reduction in our effective income tax rates, as well as a $23.2 million tax benefit relating to favorable tax settlements and adjustments in 2004 and a $36.1 million tax benefit in 2002 relating to the sale of a business. Revenues: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 2002 [COMPANY] & Services $ 39,539.7 $ 34,982.5 $ 30,188.4 U.S. Healthcare Sales to Customers’ Warehouses 21,622.1 14,832.9 13,184.9 Subtotal 61,161.8 49,815.4 43,373.3 [COMPANY] & Services 4,458.9 3,423.0 2,884.8 [COMPANY] 65,620.7 53,238.4 46,258.1 Apex MedSupply 2,707.5 2,743.4 2,726.0 [COMPANY] 832.2 799.8 736.1 Software 229.7 238.2 182.6 Hardware 116.0 101.0 85.3 [COMPANY] 1,177.9 1,139.0 1,004.0 Total Revenues $ 69,506.1 $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 Revenues increased 22% in 2004 and 14% in 2003. The growth in revenues was primarily driven by the [COMPANY] segment, which accounted for more than 90% of revenues. Revenues were not materially impacted by business acquisitions. The customer mix of our U.S. pharmaceutical distribution revenues was as follows: 2004 2003 2002 Direct Sales Independents 13 % 14 % 15 % Retail Chains 22 26 29 Institutions 29 29 25 Subtotal 64 69 69 Sales to Customers’ Warehouses 36 31 31 Total 100 % 100 % 100 % 33 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Increases in U.S. Healthcare pharmaceutical distribution and services revenues for 2004, excluding sales to customers’ warehouses, primarily reflect market growth rates as well as new independent pharmacy, mail order and institutional customers in our pharmaceutical distribution business. Increases in these revenues for 2003 also reflect market growth rates as well as new retail and institutional customers in our pharmaceutical distribution business, new business that was previously direct or outside the distribution channel and growth in our automation, specialty pharmaceutical products, and pharmacy outsourcing services businesses. Market growth rates reflect growing drug utilization and price increases, which are offset in part by the increased use of lower priced generics. U.S. Healthcare sales to customers’ warehouses increased primarily as a result of several expanded agreements with existing customers in 2004, and also growth from existing customers in 2004 and 2003. Sales to customers’ warehouses represent large volume sales of pharmaceuticals primarily to a limited number of large self-warehousing customers whereby we order and subsequently deliver bulk products from the manufacturer to the customers’ warehouses through a central distribution facility. These sales provide a benefit to our customers in that they can use one source for both their direct store-to-store business and their warehouse business. Canadian pharmaceutical distribution revenues increased in 2004 reflecting market growth rates, new business from manufacturers who formerly engaged in direct distribution activities and favorable foreign exchange rates. On a constant currency basis, revenues from our Canadian operations would have increased approximately 14% compared to 2003. Revenues for 2003 also increased reflecting market growth rates, greater sales to existing customers, increased sales of product that previously went direct from manufacturers, and to a lesser extent, favorable foreign exchange rates. Apex MedSupply segment distribution revenues decreased nominally in 2004 and increased nominally in 2003. Increases in our primary and extended care sectors were either fully offset or almost fully offset by a decline in revenues in the acute care sector. The segment’s decline in its acute care business reflects the competitive environment in which it operates and the transition of the loss of the segment’s largest customer. [COMPANY] segment revenues increased in 2004 primarily from services and hardware revenues. Revenues for 2004 reflect decreases in sales of non-clinical solutions and longer installation periods required for certain large complex clinical implementations, which have the effect of delaying revenue recognition. Revenues for 2003 increased reflecting the sale of new clinical products including those from Horizon Medical Imaging TM , which was the result of our July 2002 purchase of [COMPANY]. (“A.L.I.”). Gross Profit: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2004 2003 2002 [COMPANY] $ 2,129.5 $ 2,047.2 $ 1,788.4 Apex MedSupply 534.1 523.1 524.2 [COMPANY] 584.6 532.2 475.9 Total $ 3,248.2 $ 3,102.5 $ 2,788.5 [COMPANY] 3.25 % 3.85 % 3.87 % Apex MedSupply 19.73 19.07 19.23 [COMPANY] 49.63 46.73 47.40 Total 4.67 5.43 5.58 Gross profit increased by 5% in 2004 and 11% in 2003. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit margin decreased 76 basis points in 2004 and 15 basis points in 2003. In 2004, gross profit margin decreased primarily reflecting a higher proportion of revenues attributable to our [COMPANY] segment, which has lower margins relative to our other segments and a decline in the [COMPANY] segment’s margin as discussed in more detail below. 2004 gross profit margin also reflects improvements in our Apex MedSupply segment as sales increased in alternate site markets which have higher margins and in our [COMPANY] segment reflecting lower contract loss accruals during the year. 34 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) In 2004, gross margin for our [COMPANY] segment was impacted by: - lower selling margins within our U.S. Pharmaceutical distribution business which reflect competitive pricing pressure. We have also been experiencing pressure on our buy side margin as the industry is evolving, including the ways in which distributors are being compensated by manufacturers. Certain types of vendor product incentives and sources of supply, such as certain inventory purchases on the secondary market, are not available at historical levels to the major distributors which has the impact of reducing gross margins. Much of this change results from the manufacturers’ desire to limit the amount of inventory in the channel. We have been actively working with manufacturers through restructured distribution agreements to ensure that we are appropriately compensated for the services we provide. In addition, the proportion of cash discounts to revenues increased reflecting a change in customer mix, - a higher proportion of revenues attributed to sales to customers’ warehouses within our U.S. pharmaceutical distribution business. As previously discussed, sales to customers’ warehouses represent bulk shipments which we purchase and bring in to our central distribution center and subsequently ship out in bulk to our customers’ warehouses. These revenues differ from our traditional direct store business in that we do not break the merchandise down; the merchandise comes in and goes out in the original bulk containers and we ship only to warehouse locations. We have significantly lower gross margin on these sales as we pass much of the efficiencies of this low cost-to-serve model on to the customer. These sales do, however, contribute to our gross profit dollars in that the volume allows us to earn incremental product sourcing profits. In addition, our cash flows benefit from these sales due to favorable timing between the customer payment to us and our payment to the supplier, - a LIFO charge of $27.9 million compared to a credit of $13.7 million in 2003. The 2004 charge was primarily attributed to a small number of pharmaceutical drugs which did not move to the generic category (i.e., the price did not decrease) until after year-end or are still pending, - a deferral of approximately $33 million in gross profit as the recognition of revenue was delayed due to contracting changes in our Automation business, - unfavorable adjustments from certain fixed-price contracts in this segment’s pharmacy outsourcing business, - partially offsetting the above decreases, the benefit of increased sales of generic drugs with higher margins, and - the receipt of $21.7 million cash proceeds representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against the manufacturer of a cardiac drug. In 2005, an additional cash settlement of $41.2 million has been received relating to an antitrust class action lawsuit involving another drug manufacturer. This additional settlement will be recorded in the first quarter of 2005. The decline in gross profit margin in 2003 primarily reflects: - a higher proportion of revenues attributable to our [COMPANY] segment, which has lower margins relative to our other segments, - a decline in the [COMPANY] segment’s gross margin reflecting a higher proportion of revenues attributable to sales to customers’ warehouses as well as a decrease in selling margin to customers in the U.S. Pharmaceutical distribution business. These decreases were partially offset by greater product sourcing profits on branded pharmaceuticals and the benefit of increased sales of generic drugs with higher margins. In addition, the segment benefited from the growth in higher margin products and services, and - a $51.0 million provision for expected losses on five multi-year contracts in our [COMPANY] segment’s international business. Substantially all of these expected losses pertain to contracts that were entered into in 2001 or earlier. These contracts contain multiple-element deliverables, including customization of software. In addition, these contracts place significant reliance on third party vendors, as well as the customers. During the software development and implementation phases of these contracts, despite experiencing certain operational issues, we believed these contracts could be fully performed on a timely basis and remain profitable. In 2003, after experiencing numerous delays in product delivery and functionality, we conducted a reassessment of the contract delivery and project methodology, including assessment of our third party vendors’ ability to perform under these contracts. We determined that certain contract obligations, including software functionality, could not be met within existing contract cost estimates and delivery dates. Accordingly, we 35 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) reassessed our estimate of the costs to fulfill our contract obligations and recorded a $51.0 million provision for the expected contract losses. Partially offsetting the above, this segment’s gross margin benefited from greater software revenues with higher margins. [COMPANY] segment uses the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method of accounting for the majority of its inventories, which results in cost of sales that more closely reflects replacement cost than do other accounting methods, thereby mitigating the effects of inflation and deflation on operating profit. The practice in the [COMPANY] distribution businesses is to pass on to customers published price changes from suppliers. Manufacturers generally provide us with price protection, which prevents inventory losses. Price declines on many generic pharmaceutical products in this segment over the last few years have moderated the effects of inflation in other product categories, which resulted in minimal overall price changes in those fiscal years. Operating Expenses: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2004 2003 2002 [COMPANY] $ 1,229.0 $ 1,107.0 $ 1,023.5 Apex MedSupply 445.5 459.8 461.2 [COMPANY] 396.7 439.8 455.5 Corporate 193.6 162.9 147.0 Total $ 2,264.8 $ 2,169.5 $ 2,087.2 Operating Expenses as a Percentage of [COMPANY] 1.87 % 2.08 % 2.21 % Apex MedSupply 16.45 16.76 16.92 [COMPANY] 33.68 38.61 45.37 Total 3.26 3.80 4.18 Operating expenses increased 4% in 2004 and 2003. Excluding the items noted below, increases in operating expenses were primarily due to additional expenses incurred to support our sales volume growth. Operating expenses included the following significant items: 2004 - a $21.0 million charge for uncollected balances on loans made to former employees for the purchase of Apex Health Distribution common stock primarily in February 1999, which was recorded in our Corporate expenses, - increase in operating expenses attributable to higher foreign currency exchange rates for our Canadian operations, - increases in pension expense of $14.6 million primarily for our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. In 2004 and 2003, we reduced the assumed long-term rate of asset return and the discount rate for our U.S. defined benefit pension plans to better reflect long-term expectations for the plans’ portfolios and rates for high-quality corporate long term bonds, - a $66.4 million credit pertaining to the reversal of a portion of customer settlement reserves within our [COMPANY] segment. Information regarding this and other restructuring programs is included under the caption “Restructuring Activities,” included in this Financial Review, - a net decrease in bad debt expense of $14.1 million; however, bad debt expense varied greatly by operating segment which is also discussed below in further detail, and - $14.8 million of gains on the sales of three surplus properties, most of which was recorded in Corporate administrative expenses. 36 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) 2003 - a $22.3 million credit for the reversal of a portion of customer settlement reserves within our [COMPANY] segment. 2002 - $39.8 million in restructuring charges primarily related to a restructuring plan initiated for our Apex MedSupply segment and restructuring activities in our [COMPANY] segment, and - $22.0 million in pre-tax losses on the sales of three businesses. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenues, excluding the above noted items, have declined over the last two years, mainly due to the leveraging of our fixed cost infrastructure and productivity improvements in back-office and field operations as well as a higher proportion of sales to customers’ warehouses which have lower operating expense margins. Other Income and Gain (Loss) on Investments, net: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 2002 Other Income, net $ 49.4 $ 45.1 $ 40.4 Gain (Loss) on Investments, net (1.2 ) 1.4 (13.7 ) Total $ 48.2 $ 46.5 $ 26.7 [COMPANY] $ 32.2 $ 47.7 $ 37.4 Apex MedSupply 3.0 2.1 1.7 [COMPANY] 2.5 2.0 1.3 Corporate 10.5 (5.3 ) (13.7 ) Total $ 48.2 $ 46.5 $ 26.7 Other income increased nominally in 2004 and by a larger amount in 2003. In 2004, other income decreased in our [COMPANY] segment primarily reflecting decreases in equity income and gains on sales of investments whereas other income increased for Corporate primarily due to greater interest income. Other income increased in 2003 primarily due to gains on sales of venture investments within our [COMPANY] segment and a decrease in Corporate other-than-temporary impairment losses on equity and joint venture investments. Segment Operating Profit and Corporate Expenses: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2004 2003 2002 [COMPANY] $ 932.7 $ 987.9 $ 802.3 Apex MedSupply 91.6 65.4 64.7 [COMPANY] 190.4 94.4 21.7 Total 1,214.7 1,147.7 888.7 Corporate Expenses (183.1 ) (168.2 ) (160.7 ) Interest Expense (120.2 ) (128.1 ) (125.9 ) Income from Continuing Operations, Before Income Taxes $ 911.4 $ 851.4 $ 602.1 [COMPANY] 1.42 % 1.86 % 1.73 % Apex MedSupply 3.38 2.38 2.37 [COMPANY] 16.16 8.29 2.16 Segment operating profit includes gross margin, net of operating expenses, other income and gain (loss) on investments for our three business segments. In addition to the significant items previously discussed, increases in segment operating profit dollars reflect revenue growth and increased operating profit in our Pharmaceutical 37 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Solutions segment, combined with improved operating profits in our [COMPANY] segment and for 2004, improved operating profits in our Apex MedSupply segment. Operating profit as a percentage of revenues decreased in our [COMPANY] segment in 2004 primarily reflecting the previously discussed decline in gross margins, and an additional $30.0 million bad debt provision for a customer bankruptcy. These decreases were offset in part by productivity improvements in operations, a $21.7 million cash settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against the manufacturer of a cardiac drug and lower restructuring charges. Operating profit as a percentage of revenues increased in 2003 reflecting productivity improvements in operations offset in part by a decline in gross margins. In addition, operating profit in 2003 benefited from $9.9 million of gains on sales of venture investments. Apex MedSupply segment’s operating profit as a percentage of revenues increased in 2004 primarily reflecting improvements in gross profit and a reduction in operating expenses. The reduction in operating expenses includes the removal of duplicate operating costs (discussed in more detail below), benefits from the segment’s 2003/2002 distribution center network consolidation plan, as well as other operational improvements including a significant decrease in bad debt expense. The segment is also anticipating completing its information systems consolidation plan in 2005 and anticipates continuing benefits from more efficient operations as a result of its consolidation plans. Operating profit as a percentage of revenues in 2003 for our Apex MedSupply segment approximated that of 2002. Starting in 2002, this segment experienced an increase in the competitive environment in which it operates and the commencement of a self-warehousing strategy by a major customer. These changes resulted in the initiation of the segment’s distribution center network consolidation plan which included $29.6 million of restructuring and related asset impairment charges. Results for 2003 and 2002 also include duplicate operating expenses associated with the segment’s restructuring activities and replacement of information systems. Additional operating expenses incurred include duplicate payroll, transportation and warehouse costs as the segment consolidated distribution centers. In 2003, operating profit benefited from $12.0 million in reversals of the prior year’s accrued restructuring charges as a result of a modification to the segment’s distribution center network consolidation plan. This benefit was partially offset by an increase in bad debt expense of approximately $11 million. [COMPANY] segment’s operating profit as a percentage of revenues increased in 2004 and 2003. Operating profit for 2004 reflects a higher gross profit margin, $66.4 million of reversals of customer settlement reserves due to favorable settlements and negotiations, and better control of expenses. Operating profit for 2003 reflects improvements in gross profit offset by a $51.0 million provision for expected losses on five multi-year contracts within the segment’s international business, a $22.3 million credit for the reversal of a portion of customer settlement reserves and more efficient operations resulting from improved customer support activities and control of expenses. In 2002, this segment incurred $19.3 million of losses on sales of businesses and $12.0 million in restructuring and related asset impairment charges. Corporate expenses increased in 2004 and 2003. Expenses for 2004 reflect a $21.0 million charge for uncollected balances on loans made to former employees for the purchase of Apex Health Distribution common stock primarily in February 1999, additional legal costs associated with our pending securities litigation, higher pension expense and severance costs associated with the restructuring of our enterprise-wide information network support departments. Partially offsetting these increases was approximately $13 million of gains on the sales of surplus properties. The increase in 2003 expenses was principally due to higher benefit and insurance costs and lower pension income, partially offset by lower venture investment impairment losses, lower expenses associated with the use of our accounts receivable sales facility and a decrease in expenses associated with an investment. Interest Expense: Interest expense decreased in 2004 primarily due to lower average borrowings, including the repayment of $125.0 million of 6.55% notes in November 2002. Interest expense increased nominally in 2003 primarily due to higher average borrowings including the issuance of $400.0 million 7.75% notes in January 2002 partially offset by the retirement of $175.0 million 6.875% notes in March 2002 and $125.0 million 6.55% notes in November 2002. In addition, we also utilized our accounts receivable sales facility more in 2003 compared to 2004 and 2002 in order to meet our financing needs. The costs associated with this facility are recorded in Corporate expenses. 38 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Income Taxes: [COMPANY]’s effective tax rate was 29.1%, 34.0% and 29.9% in 2004, 2003 and 2002. In addition to the items noted below, fluctuations in the effective tax rate are primarily due to changes within state and foreign effective tax rates resulting from the Company’s business mix, including a higher proportion of income attributable to foreign countries that have lower income tax rates. In addition, our effective tax rate in 2004 also benefited from various state tax initiatives. In 2004, we recorded a $23.2 million tax benefit relating to favorable tax settlements and adjustments with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and with various taxing authorities. A large portion of this benefit, which was not previously recognized by the Company, resulted from the filing of amended tax returns by our subsidiary, [COMPANY] (formerly known as HBO & Company) for the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997. In 2002, we sold three businesses for a pre-tax loss of $22.0 million and an after-tax gain of $22.0 million. For accounting purposes, the net assets of one of these businesses were written down in 2001 in connection with the restructuring of a former segment. The tax benefit could not be recognized until 2002 when the sale of the business was completed. Discontinued Operations: Net loss from discontinued operations was $6.7 million ($0.02 per diluted share) in 2003 and $3.2 million ($0.01 per diluted share) in 2002. Results from discontinued operations include those of a marketing fulfillment business which we sold in 2003 as well as adjustments made in 2003 relating to the 2000 divestiture of our Water Products business. Weighted Average Diluted Shares Outstanding: Diluted earnings per share were calculated based on an average number of shares outstanding of 298.6 million, 298.8 million and 298.1 million for 2004, 2003 and 2002. International Operations International operations accounted for 6.7%, 6.3% and 6.0% of 2004, 2003 and 2002 of consolidated revenues. International operations are subject to certain risks, including currency fluctuations. We monitor our operations and adopt strategies responsive to changes in the economic and political environment in each of the countries in which we operate. Additional information regarding our international operations is also included in Financial Notes 4 and 21, “Contracts” and “Segments of Business” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Restructuring Activities Net charges (credits) from restructuring activities over the last three years were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except for number of employees) 2004 2003 2002 By Expense Type: Severance $ 5.8 $ (5.8 ) $ 14.0 Exit-related costs (2.3 ) (0.3 ) 18.2 Asset impairments 0.3 1.3 7.6 Subtotal 3.8 (4.8 ) 39.8 Customer settlement reserve reversals (66.4 ) (22.3 ) — Total $ (62.6 ) $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 By Segment: [COMPANY] $ (0.2 ) $ 7.7 $ 2.6 Apex MedSupply 0.6 (11.7 ) 26.0 [COMPANY] (66.6 ) (22.3 ) 12.0 Corporate 3.6 (0.8 ) (0.8 ) Total $ (62.6 ) $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 Number of employees terminated (primarily in distribution, delivery and associated back-office functions) 151 326 295 39 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) In 2004, net charges for restructuring activities, excluding customer settlement reserve reversals, amounted to $3.8 million. These charges related to a number of smaller initiatives offset in part by adjustments to prior years’ restructuring reserves. In 2003, net credits for restructuring activities, excluding customer settlement reserve reversals, amounted to $4.8 million. These net credits primarily related to $12.0 million of reversals of severance and exit-related accruals pertaining to our re-evaluation of our 2002 Apex MedSupply segment distribution center network consolidation plan. The original consolidation plan included a net reduction of 20 distribution centers, from 51, compared to a net reduction of 14 under the revised plan. Net credits for 2003 also include $5.1 million of charges for additional facility closure costs associated with prior years’ restructuring plans in our [COMPANY] segment. In 2002, net charges for restructuring activities of $39.8 million included severance charges of $19.8 million, exit-related charges of $19.5 million and asset impairment charges of $7.6 million primarily related to a plan to reduce the number of distribution centers in our Apex MedSupply segment, as well as restructuring activities in our [COMPANY] segment. Partially offsetting these charges was a reversal of $7.1 million of prior years’ restructuring reserves due to a change in estimated costs to complete these activities. In addition to the above restructuring activities, we are still managing a 2001/2000 restructuring plan associated with customer settlements for the discontinuance of overlapping and nonstrategic products and other product development projects within our [COMPANY] segment. In 2004 and 2003, we reversed $66.4 million and $22.3 million of accrued customer settlement reserves into operating profit due to favorable settlements and negotiations with affected customers. Total cash and non-cash settlements of $45.3 million and $95.0 million have been incurred since the inception of this restructuring plan. As of March 31, 2004, customer settlement reserves amounted to $6.2 million and we had substantially completed our negotiations with the affected customers. As a result, we do not anticipate additional significant increases to the allowance for customer settlements. However, as settlement negotiations with the remaining customers are finalized, additional adjustments to the reserve may be necessary. Refer to Financial Note 5, “Restructuring and Related Asset Impairments,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our restructuring activities. Acquisitions We made the following acquisitions: - In April 2004, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of [COMPANY]. (“MMC”), of New Britain, Connecticut, for $12 per share in cash or approximately $40 million in aggregate. MMC is an Internet-enabled, multi-channel marketer and distributor of medical-surgical and pharmaceutical products to non-hospital provider settings. Financial results for MMC will be reflected as part of our Apex MedSupply segment in 2005. - In the second quarter of 2003, we acquired the outstanding stock of A.L.I. for an aggregate cash purchase price of $347.0 million. A.L.I. provides digital medical imaging solutions which are designed to streamline access to diagnostic information, automate clinical workflow and eliminate the need for film purchase and storage. The acquisition of A.L.I. complemented our Horizon Clinicals™ offering by incorporating medical images into a computerized patient record. Approximately $328 million of A.L.I.’s purchase price was assigned to goodwill, none of which is deductible for tax purposes. The aggregate purchase price was financed through cash and short-term borrowings. The results of A.L.I.’s operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements within our [COMPANY] segment since its acquisition date. - In February 2002, our [COMPANY] segment acquired, for approximately $62 million in cash, the net assets of PMO, Inc., a national specialty pharmacy business (having previously done business as VitaRx), that provides mail order pharmaceutical prescription services to managed care patients. - In 2003, we purchased the remaining interest in an investment of our [COMPANY] segment for approximately $32 million, retained a small portion of the business and subsequently sold the balance for 40 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) approximately $40 million, the proceeds of which consisted of an interest bearing ten-year note receivable, resulting in a nominal loss. During the last three years we also completed several smaller acquisitions and investments within our [COMPANY] and [COMPANY] segments. Pro forma results of operations for our business acquisitions have not been presented because the effects were not material to the consolidated financial statements on either an individual or aggregate basis. Refer to Financial Note 2, “Acquisitions,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussions regarding these activities. 2005 Outlook Information regarding the Company’s 2005 outlook, including business risks and opportunities, is contained in our Form 8-K dated April 29, 2004. This Form 8-K should be read in conjunction with the sections “Factors Affecting Forward-looking Statements” and “Additional Factors That May Affect Future Results” included in this Financial Review. 2005 Operating Segments In April 2004, we reconfigured our operating segments to better align product development and selling efforts with the evolving needs of the healthcare market. As a result, commencing in the first quarter of 2005, we will report the following operating segments: [COMPANY] segment distributes ethical and proprietary drugs and health and beauty care products throughout North America. This segment also manufactures and sells automated pharmaceutical dispensing systems for retail pharmacies, medical management and pharmaceutical solutions for biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturers, patient and payor services, and consulting and outsourcing services to pharmacies. We have added the Clinical Auditing and Compliance business, which was previously included in our [COMPANY] segment, to this segment’s expanded payor services business. This business sells software to payors for auditing professional claims. The Apex MedSupply segment distributes medical-surgical supplies and equipment and provides logistics and related services within the United States. This segment will now include Zee Medical, which was formerly reported in our [COMPANY] segment. Zee Medical provides first aid and safety products and training services to corporate customers. The results of our April 2004 acquisition of MMC will also be reported in this segment. [COMPANY] segment consists of the former [COMPANY] segment plus the Apex Health Distribution Inpatient Automation business, which was previously reported in our [COMPANY] segment, and the [COMPANY] group, which was previously managed by our Corporate group and whose expenses are currently allocated to the applicable business segments. This segment continues to deliver enterprise-wide patient care, clinical, financial, supply chain, managed care and strategic management software solutions as well as outsourcing and other services to healthcare organizations throughout North America, the United Kingdom and [COMPANY] Inpatient Automation provides automation and robotics for the hospital market, and the [COMPANY] group will continue to be responsible for the sales coordination of complex provider engagements that include strategic product and service solutions from multiple business units. 41 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Financial results for our new operating segments are detailed below. Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Revenues: [COMPANY] & Services $ 39,412.1 $ 34,802.9 $ 30,036.6 U.S. Healthcare Sales to Customers’ Warehouses 21,622.1 14,832.9 13,184.9 Subtotal 61,034.2 49,635.8 43,221.5 [COMPANY] & Services 4,458.9 3,423.0 2,884.8 [COMPANY] 65,493.1 53,058.8 46,106.3 Apex MedSupply 2,810.5 2,842.9 2,826.1 [COMPANY] 868.3 829.4 758.2 Software and software systems 218.2 288.7 212.2 Hardware 116.0 101.0 85.3 [COMPANY] 1,202.5 1,219.1 1,055.7 Total Revenues $ 69,506.1 $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 [COMPANY] $ 980.1 $ 966.7 $ 801.0 Apex MedSupply 106.4 79.4 78.0 [COMPANY] 128.2 101.6 9.7 Corporate Expenses (183.1 ) (168.2 ) (160.7 ) Interest Expense (120.2 ) (128.1 ) (125.9 ) Income from Continuing Operations, Before Income Taxes $ 911.4 $ 851.4 $ 602.1 [COMPANY] 1.50 % 1.82 % 1.74 % Apex MedSupply 3.79 2.79 2.76 [COMPANY] 10.66 8.33 0.92 Additional information regarding our new operating segments can also be found in our Form 8-Ks dated April 29 and 30, 2004. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if the estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and if different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results from operations. Below are the estimates that we believe are critical to the understanding of our operating results and financial condition. Other accounting policies are described in Financial Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies,” to our consolidated financial statements. Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates. Valuation of Receivables: We provide short-term credit and other customer financing arrangements to customers who purchase our products and services. Other customer financing relates to guarantees provided to our customers, or their creditors, regarding the repurchase of inventories, and lease and credit financing. We estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and specific knowledge regarding the current creditworthiness of our customers. An allowance is recorded in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts . If the frequency and severity of customer defaults due to our customers’ financial condition or general economic conditions change, our allowance for uncollectible accounts may require adjustment. As a result, we 42 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) continuously monitor outstanding receivables and other customer financing and adjust allowances for accounts where collection may be in doubt. At March 31, 2004, trade and notes receivables were $5,182.2 million, and other customer financing was $227.0 million, both prior to allowances of $145.3 million. In addition, at March 31, 2004, we had $62.7 million of notes receivable from certain of our current and former officers and senior managers related to purchases of common stock under our various employee stock purchase plans. These notes were issued for amounts equal to the market value of the stock on the date of the purchase, are full recourse to the borrower and were due at various dates through February 2004. As of March 31, 2004, the value of the underlying stock collateral was $30.4 million. We evaluate the collectability of these notes on an ongoing basis and as a result, we recorded a $21.0 million charge for notes due from former employees whose uncollected balances relate to the purchase of the Company’s common stock primarily in February 1999. There can be no assurance that we will recover the full amounts due under any of the notes and we continue to assess their collectability. Customer Settlement Reserves: In 2001 and 2000, we announced plans to discontinue overlapping and nonstrategic products or product development projects and to redesign or stabilize several go-forward projects within our [COMPANY] segment. As a result of this decision, we recorded a total of $235.2 million for estimated customer settlements. These estimates were developed using a customer and product specific approach, based on numerous interactions with our customers. The determination and quantification of our customer settlement liabilities along with the assessment of an appropriate reserve for uncollectible accounts required significant judgment. Factors that reflected our estimated accrued settlement amounts include, but are not limited to, our success in amending contract terms to provide new or different products and services or negotiating settlements with affected customers, and our ability to complete projects where re-design or stabilization was required. In 2004 and 2003, due to favorable settlements and negotiations with affected customers, we reversed $66.4 million and $22.3 million of the accrued customer settlement reserve as a credit to operating expenses. Total cash and non-cash settlements of $45.3 million and $95.0 million have been incurred since the inception of the restructuring plan. As of March 31, 2004, customer settlement allowances amounted to $6.2 million. By the end of the fourth quarter of 2004, we substantially completed our negotiations with the affected customers. As a result, we do not anticipate additional significant increases to the allowance for customer settlements. However, as settlement negotiations with the remaining customers are finalized, additional adjustments to the reserve may be necessary. Valuation of Inventories: We state inventories at the lower of cost or market. Inventories for our [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments consist of merchandise held for resale. For our [COMPANY] segment, the majority of the cost of domestic inventories was determined on the LIFO method and international inventories are stated using the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method. Cost of inventories for our Apex MedSupply segment was primarily determined on the FIFO method. [COMPANY] segment’s inventories consist of computer hardware with cost determined either by the specific identification or the FIFO method. Total inventories before the LIFO cost adjustment, which approximates replacement cost, were $6,981.5 million and $6,241.0 million at March 31, 2004 and 2003. In determining whether inventory valuation issues exist, we consider various factors including estimated quantities of slow-moving inventory by reviewing on-hand quantities, outstanding purchase obligations and forecasted sales. Shifts in market trends and conditions, changes in customer preferences due to the introduction of generic drugs or new pharmaceutical products, or the loss of one or more significant customers are factors that could affect the value of our inventories. Valuation of Goodwill: We have significant goodwill assets as a result of acquiring businesses. We account for goodwill under SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,” which requires us to maintain goodwill assets on our books unless the assets are deemed to be impaired. We perform an impairment test on goodwill balances annually or when indicators of impairment exist. Such impairment tests require that we first compare the carrying value of net assets to the estimated fair value of net assets for the operations in which goodwill is assigned. If carrying value exceeds fair value, a second step would be performed to calculate the amount of impairment. Fair values can be determined using income, market or cost approaches. We predominately use a discounted cash flow model derived from internal budgets in assessing fair values for our goodwill impairment testing. Factors that could change the result of our goodwill impairment test include, but are not limited to, different assumptions used to forecast future revenues, expenses, capital expenditures and working capital requirements used in our cash flow models. In addition, selection of a risk-adjusted discount rate on 43 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) the estimated undiscounted cash flows is susceptible to future changes in market conditions, and when unfavorable, can adversely affect our original estimates of fair values. At March 31, 2004, we concluded that there was no impairment in our goodwill. Contract Accounting: We use the percentage of completion method of accounting to recognize certain revenues and costs, primarily for long-term software contracts within our [COMPANY] segment. This method of accounting requires us to estimate the timing and amounts of total revenue to be earned and total costs to be incurred over the life of a contract. Revenue estimates are derived primarily from negotiated contract prices modified by assumptions regarding change orders and assumptions regarding penalty provisions associated with technical performance. Cost estimates are based primarily on the expected amount of resources required to complete project requirements. Based on the relationship of total estimated labor costs incurred to date to total estimated labor costs to be incurred, a gross margin percentage is developed. The amount reported as gross margin is determined by applying the estimated gross margin percentage to the amount of revenue recognized each period. The estimated revenue to be earned and costs to complete a project can change significantly throughout the period of a contract. Factors that could change estimates include, but are not limited to, the ability to successfully complete milestones, the timing of milestones, and modifications in the amount of resources or other costs required to complete the project. Changes in estimates to complete, and revisions in overall profit estimates on percentage of completion contracts, are recognized in the period in which they are determined. We accrue for contract losses if and when the current estimate of total contract costs exceeds total contract revenue. Such a provision is subject to change as additional information is obtained and as contracts progress towards completion. As previously discussed, we have made material adjustments to our gross profit due to changes in estimates in accounting for certain contracts. In addition, in 2002, we entered into a $500 million, ten year contract with the [COMPANY] Information Authority (“NHS”), an organization of the British government charged with the responsibility of delivering healthcare in England and Wales. The contract engages the Company to develop, implement and operate a human resources and payroll system at more than 600 NHS locations. To date, there have been delays to this contract which have caused increased costs and a decrease in the amount of time in which we can earn revenues. These delays have adversely impacted the contract’s projected profitability and no material revenue has yet been recognized on this contract. As of March 31, 2004, our consolidated balance sheet includes an investment of approximately $76 million in net assets, consisting of prepaid expenses, software and capital assets, net of cash received, related to this contract. While we believe it is likely that we can deliver and operate an acceptable system and recover our investment in this contract, we are currently negotiating with the NHS to amend certain key terms and conditions in the contract, and there is no certainty we will agree on an updated implementation plan. We expect this negotiation to be completed in the second half of calendar year 2004. However, the timing and the outcome of these negotiations is uncertain and failure to reach agreement on an updated implementation plan and amend certain key contract terms and conditions, and/or further delays in the implementation may result in losses that could be material. Even if we agree on amended contract terms and conditions and an updated implementation plan, it is possible that the terms of that agreement may result in the impairment of our net assets related to the contract as well as substantial penalties and charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. Stock Options: We account for employee stock-based compensation in accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion (“APB”) No. 25, “Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.” Under APB No. 25, compensation expense is recorded based on a stock option’s intrinsic value, which is the difference between the market value of a company’s stock and the exercise price at the date of grant. As we generally grant stock options to employees at market value at the date of grant, compensation expense as a result of option grants has been nominal. An alternative to APB No. 25 in accounting for stock options is Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 123, “Stock-Based Compensation.” SFAS No. 123 utilizes the fair value method in valuing stock options and requires expensing of such values. Fair value is determined based on an option pricing model with the Black-Scholes model currently being the most widely available and used model. Such models require the use of several estimates including expected life of the option, volatility of our common stock, dividend yields (which includes estimates of future dividends and market values of our common stock), risk-free interest rates and employee turnover. In March 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an exposure draft, “Equity Based Compensation,” which if approved, would mandate the expensing of stock options in a manner similar to that of 44 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) SFAS No. 123. This potential accounting standard would be effective for our 2006 fiscal year and would include compensation expense for all awards that vest in 2006. Had we accounted for employee stock options in accordance with SFAS No. 123 for all awards that vested during the year (as calculated under the Black-Scholes model), net income and diluted earnings per share for 2004 would have been: Diluted Earnings (In millions, except per share amounts) Net Income per Share As reported $ 646.5 $ 2.19 Pro forma 442.0 1.50 Included in the above pro forma amounts is approximately $117 million of expense (or $0.39 per diluted share) associated with the acceleration of substantially all unvested stock options outstanding whose exercise price was equal to or greater than $28.20, or substantially all of the total unvested stock options outstanding. Securities Litigation: As discussed in Financial Note 18, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we are involved in a number of lawsuits regarding the restatement of our 1999 historical financial statements. Our directors and officers’ liability insurance policies cover some of our restatement litigation costs up to specified aggregate limits. For costs not covered under our insurance policies, we accrue for litigation defense and settlement costs when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. We expensed $17.7 million, $3.9 million and $2.2 million in 2004, 2003 and 2002, in connection with these matters. Due to an acceleration of activities related to the litigation, we anticipate this expense to increase by approximately $20 million in 2005. We do not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of these proceedings, or to estimate the amount of, or potential range of, loss with respect to these proceedings, and therefore, no accrual for legal settlement is recorded in our consolidated financial statements. In addition, the timing of the final resolution of these legal proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against us or settlements that could require substantial payments by us that could cause us to incur material losses which could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Income Taxes: We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We recognize liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax provision in the period in which such determination is made. FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY, AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Net cash flow from operating activities was $563.4 million in 2004, compared with $710.3 million in 2003 and $336.9 million in 2002. Net cash flow from operating activities improved over the last two years primarily reflecting greater earnings, offset in part by net increases in working capital required to support our revenue growth. In addition, 2002 net cash flow from operations reflects certain purchasing opportunities. Partially offsetting these increases in working capital were improvements made in working capital management. Net cash used by investing activities was $267.9 million in 2004, compared with $600.9 million in 2003 and $404.3 million in 2002. Net cash flow used in investing activities was greater in 2003 primarily due to $347.0 million paid for the acquisition of A.L.I. and an increase in software expenditures. These increases were partially offset by $117.9 million of proceeds from the sale of notes receivable. Expenditures for capitalized software reflect our investment in software developed for internal use and for resale. Financing activities utilized cash of $109.5 million and $145.2 million in 2004 and 2003 and provided cash of $191.7 million in 2002. Financing activities for 2004 include $156.8 million of stock repurchases and the receipt of $32.8 million pertaining to the collection of employee loans. Fiscal 2003 financing activities include the repayment of $125.0 million of term debt that had matured and 2002 financing activities reflect our public offering of $400.0 45 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) million of 7.75% unsecured notes, due in 2012. These notes are redeemable at any time, in whole or in part, at our option. Net proceeds from the issuance of these notes were used to repay $175.0 million of term debt and for other general corporate purposes. In 2004, 2003 and 2002, we repurchased 3.9 million, 0.9 million and 1.3 million shares of our common stock for $115.1 million, $25.0 million and $44.2 million. In 2004, we effectively completed a $250.0 million repurchase program initiated in 2001 which resulted in the repurchase of a total of 8.3 million shares of our common stock. Also in 2004, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a new program to repurchase up to $250.0 million of additional common stock of the Company. Under this new program, we have repurchased 1.4 million shares for $41.5 million. Stock repurchases may be made in open or private transactions. Selected Measures of Liquidity and Capital Resources: March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2004 2003 2002 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 717.8 $ 533.5 $ 562.9 Working capital 3,548.1 3,278.4 3,112.0 Debt net of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 766.8 973.6 1,073.3 Debt to capital ratio (1) 22.3 % 25.0 % 29.4 % Net debt to net capital employed (2) 12.9 % 17.7 % 21.4 % Return on stockholders’ equity (3) 13.4 % 13.2 % 11.3 % (1) Ratio is computed as total debt divided by total debt and stockholders’ equity. (2) Ratio is computed as total debt, net of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities (“net debt”), divided by net debt and stockholders’ equity (“net capital employed”). (3) Ratio is computed as net income, divided by a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. Working capital primarily includes receivables and inventories, net of drafts and accounts payable and deferred revenue. [COMPANY] segment requires a substantial investment in working capital that is susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. Inventory purchase activity is a function of sales activity, new customer build-up requirements and the desired level of investment inventory. Consolidated working capital has increased over the past two years primarily as a result of our higher sales volume. We reduced our ratio of net debt to net capital employed and increased our return on equity over the past two years. Improvements reflect a growth in our operating profit in excess of the growth in working capital and other investments needed to fund the increase in revenue. Financial Obligations and Commitments: The table below presents our significant financial obligations and commitments at March 31, 2004: Years (In millions) Total Within 1 Over 1 to 3 Over 3 to 5 After 5 On balance sheet Long-term debt $ 1,484.6 $ 274.8 $ 35.9 $ 165.4 $ 1,008.5 Capital lease obligations 2.8 1.5 1.2 0.1 — Off balance sheet Purchase obligations 2,527.9 2,443.9 35.5 11.2 37.3 Operating leases 332.2 84.7 132.6 55.5 59.4 Customer guarantees 227.0 74.7 27.9 3.5 120.9 Other 12.4 4.0 6.8 — 1.6 Total $ 4,586.9 $ 2,883.6 $ 239.9 $ 235.7 $ 1,227.7 We define a purchase obligation as an arrangement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on the Company. These obligations primarily relate to inventory purchases, capital commitments and service agreements. Purchase obligations also include the purchase price for MMC. 46 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) We have agreements with certain of our customers’ financial institutions (primarily for our Canadian business) under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of inventory at a discount in the event these customers are unable to meet certain obligations to those financial institutions. Among other limitations, these inventories must be in resalable condition. We have also guaranteed loans, credit facilities and the payment of leases for some customers; and we are a secured lender for substantially all of these guarantees. Customer guarantees range from one to ten years and were primarily provided to facilitate financing for certain strategic customers. At March 31, 2004, the maximum amounts of inventory repurchase guarantees and other customer guarantees were $169.1 million and $57.9 million. On April 21, 2004, we converted a $40.0 million credit facility guarantee in favor of a customer to a note receivable due from this customer. This secured note bears interest and is repayable in 2007. In conjunction with this modification, an inventory repurchase guarantee in favor of this customer for approximately $12 million has been terminated. We consider it unlikely that we would make significant payments under these guarantees, and accordingly, amounts accrued for these guarantees were nominal. In addition, our banks and insurance companies have issued $65.4 million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds on our behalf in order to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations, and our workers’ compensation and automotive liability programs. Credit Resources: We fund our working capital requirements primarily with cash, short-term borrowings and our receivables sale facility. In September 2003, we renegotiated our 364-day revolving credit arrangement. With the exception that the facility was increased by $100.0 million to $650.0 million, the terms of the new agreement are substantially similar to those previously in place. This renewed facility expires in September 2004. We have a three-year $550.0 million revolving credit facility that expires in September 2005. These facilities are primarily intended to support our commercial paper borrowings. We also have a $1.1 billion revolving receivables sale facility, which expires in June 2004. We anticipate renewing our existing capacity under these facilities prior to their expirations. No amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities at March 31, 2004. Our senior debt credit ratings from S&P, Fitch, and Moody’s are currently BBB, BBB and Baa2, and our commercial paper ratings are currently A-2, F-2, and P-2. Our ratings are stable, except for the Moody’s which is on a negative credit outlook. Our various borrowing facilities and certain long-term debt instruments are subject to covenants. Our principal debt covenant is our debt to capital ratio, which cannot exceed 56.5%. If we exceed this ratio, repayment of debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility and $335.0 million of term debt could be accelerated. At March 31, 2004, this ratio was 22.3% and we were in compliance with all other covenants. A reduction in our credit ratings or the lack of compliance with our covenants could result in a negative impact on our ability to finance our operations through our credit facilities, as well as the issuance of additional debt at the interest rates then currently available. Funds necessary for future debt maturities and our other cash requirements are expected to be met by existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, existing credit sources and other capital market transactions. MARKET RISKS Our long-term debt bears interest predominately at fixed rates, whereas our short-term borrowings are at variable interest rates. If the underlying weighted average interest rate on our variable rate debt were to have changed by 50 basis points in 2004, interest expense would not have been materially different from that reported. As of March 31, 2004, the aggregate fair value of our long-term debt was $1,701.8 million. Fair value was estimated on the basis of quoted market prices, although trading in these debt securities is limited and may not reflect fair value. Fair value is subject to fluctuations based on our performance, our credit ratings, changes in the value of our stock and changes in interest rates for debt securities with similar terms. We derive revenues from Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, France, the Netherlands, Australia, New Zealand and Puerto Rico. We also have a 22% equity interest in a pharmaceutical distributor in Mexico. We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk on cash flows related to sales, expenses, financing and investment transactions. If exchange rates on such currencies were to fluctuate 10%, we believe that our results from operations and cash flows could be materially affected. Aggregate foreign exchange translation gains and losses included in 47 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) operations, comprehensive income and stockholders’ equity are discussed in Financial Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, “Significant Accounting Policies.” RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS Information regarding our related party balances and transactions is included in “Critical Accounting Policies” appearing within this Financial Review and Financial Note 20, “Related Party Balances and Transactions,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS There are a number of new accounting pronouncements that may impact our financial results. These new pronouncements are described in Financial Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. FACTORS AFFECTING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS In addition to historical information, management’s discussion and analysis includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by use of forward-looking words such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “intends,” “plans,” or “estimates,” or the negative of these words, or other comparable terminology. The discussion of financial trends, strategy, plans or intentions may also include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Although it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks and uncertainties, they may include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed under “Additional Factors That May Affect Future Results.” The reader should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. These and other risks and uncertainties are described herein or in our other public documents. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. ADDITIONAL FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS The following additional factors may affect our future results: Adverse resolution of pending litigation regarding the restatement of our historical financial statements may cause us to incur material losses. Subsequent to our April 28, 1999 restatement of financial results announcement, and as of March 31, 2004, ninety-one lawsuits have been filed against us, certain of our current or former officers or directors, or those of HBOC, and other defendants. In addition, the United States Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of California and the Midland, Kansas District Office of the SEC also have ongoing investigations in connection with the matters relating to the restatement of previously reported amounts. We do not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of these proceedings, or to estimate the amount of, or potential range of, loss with respect to these proceedings. In addition, the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against us or settlements that could require substantial payments by us, which could cause us to incur material losses. 48 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Changes in the United States healthcare environment could have a material negative impact on our revenues and net income. Our products and services are primarily intended to function within the structure of the healthcare financing and reimbursement system currently being used in the United States. In recent years, the healthcare industry has changed significantly in an effort to reduce costs. These changes include increased use of managed care, cuts in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement levels, consolidation of pharmaceutical and medical-surgical supply distributors, and the development of large, sophisticated purchasing groups. We expect the healthcare industry to continue to change significantly in the future. Some of these changes, such as adverse changes in government funding of healthcare services, legislation or regulations governing the privacy of patient information, or the delivery or pricing of pharmaceuticals and healthcare services or mandated benefits, may cause healthcare industry participants to greatly reduce the amount of our products and services they purchase or the price they are willing to pay for our products and services. Changes in pharmaceutical and medical-surgical manufacturers’ pricing, selling, inventory, distribution or supply policies or practices, or changes in our customer mix could also significantly reduce our revenues and net income. Due to the diverse range of healthcare supply management and healthcare information technology products and services that we offer, such changes may adversely impact us, while not affecting some of our competitors who offer a narrower range of products and services. There have been increasing efforts by pharmaceutical manufacturers to control or limit the product availability in the supply channels, which impacts the ways in which distributors are being compensated by manufacturers. For instance, certain types of vendor product incentives and sources of supply, such as certain inventory purchases on the secondary market, are not available at historical levels to the major distributors which have the impact of reducing gross margins. We have been actively working with manufacturers through restructured distribution agreements to ensure that we are appropriately compensated for the services we provide. However, if we fail to negotiate favorable terms, such efforts by the pharmaceutical manufacturers may have an adverse impact on our profitability. Healthcare and public policy trends indicate that the number of generic drugs will increase over the next few years as a result of the expiration of certain drug patents. In recent years, our revenues and gross margins have increased from our generic drug offering programs. An increase or a decrease in the availability of these generic drugs could have a material impact on our net income. There has been increasing efforts by various levels of government including state boards and comparable agencies to regulate the pharmaceutical distribution system in order to prevent the introduction of counterfeit drugs, adulterated, and/or mislabeled drugs into the pharmaceutical distribution system. Certain states, such as Florida, have already adopted laws and regulations that are intended to protect the integrity of the pharmaceutical distribution system while other government agencies are currently evaluating their recommendations. These laws and regulations could increase the overall regulatory burden and costs associated with our pharmaceutical distribution business, and may negatively impact our operating results. We are subject to extensive and frequently changing local, state and federal laws and regulations relating to healthcare fraud. The federal government continues to strengthen its position and scrutiny over practices involving healthcare fraud affecting the Medicare, Medicaid and other government healthcare programs. Furthermore, our relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers subject our business to laws and regulations on fraud and abuse. Many of the regulations applicable to us, including those relating to marketing incentives offered by pharmaceutical or medical-surgical suppliers, are vague or indefinite and have not been interpreted by the courts. They may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could suffer civil and criminal penalties, including the loss of licenses or our ability to participate in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs. Substantial defaults in payment or a material reduction in purchases of our products by large customers could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations and liquidity. In recent years, a significant portion of our revenue growth has been with a limited number of large customers. During the year ended March 31, 2004, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 50% of our total consolidated revenues (including sales to customers’ warehouses). Sales to our largest customer, [COMPANY], represented approximately 11% of our 2004 total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2004, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers and [COMPANY] were approximately 50% and 8% of total accounts receivable. As a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. Any defaults in payment or a material reduction in purchases from this or any other large customer could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 49 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments are dependent upon sophisticated information systems. The implementation delay, malfunction or failure of these systems for any extended period of time could adversely affect our business. We rely on sophisticated information systems in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze and manage data to: facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis; manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers and process payments to suppliers. Our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected if these systems are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen events, or fail for any extended period of time. We could become subject to liability claims that are not adequately covered by our insurance, and may have to pay damages and other expenses which could have a material adverse effect on us. Our business exposes us to risks that are inherent in the distribution and dispensing of pharmaceuticals, the provision of ancillary services (such as our pharmacy management business) and the conduct of our medical management businesses (which include disease management programs and our nurse triage services.) A successful product or professional liability claim not fully covered by our insurance or any applicable contractual indemnity could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The ability of our [COMPANY] business to attract and retain customers due to challenges in software product integration and technological advances may significantly reduce our revenues or increase our expenses. [COMPANY] business delivers enterprise-wide patient care, clinical, financial, managed care, payor and strategic management software solutions, as well as networking technologies, electronic commerce, outsourcing and other services to healthcare organizations throughout the United States and certain foreign countries. Challenges in integrating [COMPANY] software products could impair our ability to attract and retain customers and may reduce our revenues or increase our expenses. Future advances in the healthcare information systems industry could lead to new technologies, products or services that are competitive with the products and services offered by our [COMPANY] business. Such technological advances could also lower the cost of such products and services or otherwise result in competitive pricing pressure. The success of our [COMPANY] business will depend, in part, on its ability to be responsive to technological developments, pricing pressures and changing business models. To remain competitive in the evolving healthcare information systems marketplace, our [COMPANY] business must develop new products on a timely basis. The failure to develop competitive products and to introduce new products on a timely basis could curtail the ability of our [COMPANY] business to attract and retain customers and thereby significantly reduce our net income. The loss of third party licenses utilized by our [COMPANY] segment may adversely impact our operating results. We license the rights to use certain technologies from third-party vendors to incorporate in or complement our [COMPANY] segment products and solutions. These licenses are generally nonexclusive, must be renewed periodically by mutual consent, and may be terminated if we breach the terms of the license. As a result, we may have to discontinue, delay or reduce product shipments until we obtain equivalent technology, which could hurt our business. Our competitors may obtain the right to use any of the technology covered by these licenses and use the technology to compete directly with us. In addition, if our vendors choose to discontinue support of the licensed technology in the future, we may not be able to modify or adapt our own products. 50 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Proprietary technology protections may not be adequate and proprietary rights may infringe on the rights of third parties. We rely on a combination of trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our proprietary rights to our products. There can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology. Although we believe that our products and other proprietary rights do not infringe upon the proprietary rights of third parties, from time to time third parties have asserted infringement claims against us and there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us in the future. If we were found to be infringing on other’s rights, we may be required to pay substantial damage awards and forced to develop non-infringing technology, obtain a license or cease selling the products that contain the infringing property. Additionally, we may find it necessary to initiate litigation to protect our trade secrets, to enforce our patent, copyright and trademark rights, and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. These types of litigation can be costly and time consuming. These litigation expenses, damage payments, or cessation of use of infringing technology and development of respective replacement technology could be significant and result in material losses to us. Potential product liability claims arising from healthcare information technology business products could result in material losses to us. We provide products that assist clinical decision-making and relate to patient medical histories and treatment plans. If these products fail to provide accurate and timely information, customers could assert liability claims against us. Litigation with respect to liability claims, regardless of the outcome, could result in substantial cost to us, divert management’s attention from operations and decrease market acceptance of our products. We attempt to limit, by contract, our liability for damages from negligence, errors or mistakes. Despite this precaution, the limitations of liability set forth in the contracts may not be enforceable or may not otherwise protect us from liability for damages. We maintain general liability insurance coverage, including coverage for errors and omissions. However, this coverage may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims against us. In addition, the insurer might disclaim coverage as to any future claim. System errors and warranties in [COMPANY] segment’s products could cause unforeseen liabilities. [COMPANY] segment’s software and software systems (“systems”) are very complex. As with complex systems offered by others, our systems may contain errors, especially when first introduced. [COMPANY] business systems are intended to provide information for healthcare providers in providing patient care. Therefore, users of our systems have a greater sensitivity to errors than the general market for software products. Failure of a client’s system to perform in accordance with our documentation could constitute a breach of warranty and could require us to incur additional expense in order to make the system comply with the documentation. If such failure is not remedied in a timely manner, it could constitute a material breach under a contract, allowing the client to cancel the contract, obtain refunds of amounts previously paid, or assert claims for significant damages. Potential regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, of [COMPANY] products as medical devices could impose increased costs, delay the introduction of new products and negatively impact our business. The FDA is likely to become increasingly active in regulating computer software intended for use in the healthcare industry. The FDA has increasingly focused on the regulation of computer products and computer-assisted products as medical devices under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. If the FDA chooses to regulate any of our products as medical devices, it can impose extensive requirements upon us. If we fail to comply with the applicable requirements, the FDA could respond by imposing fines, injunctions or civil penalties, requiring recalls or product corrections, suspending production, refusing to grant pre-market clearance of products, withdrawing clearances and initiating criminal prosecution. Any final FDA policy governing computer products, once issued, may increase the cost and time to market new or existing products or may prevent us from marketing our products. 51 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) New and potential federal regulations relating to patient confidentiality and format and data content standards could depress the demand for our [COMPANY] products and impose significant product redesign costs and unforeseen liabilities on us. State and federal laws regulate the confidentiality of patient records and the circumstances under which those records may be released. These regulations govern both the disclosure and use of confidential patient medical record information and will require the users of such information to implement specified security measures. Regulations currently in place governing electronic health data transmissions continue to evolve and are often unclear and difficult to apply. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, requires national standards for some types of electronic health information transactions and the data elements used in those transactions, security standards to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of health information and standards to protect the privacy of individually identifiable health information. Healthcare organizations were required to comply with the privacy standards by April 2003 and additional transaction regulations by October 2003. Such organizations must also be in compliance with security regulations by April 2005. [COMPANY] systems have been updated and modified to comply with the current requirements of HIPAA. In addition, the division has been testing and sending HIPAA compliant transactions through its clearinghouse directly to payors and to competitive clearinghouses. However, not all testing is complete, and there are payors and competitive clearinghouses which cannot yet accommodate all HIPAA compliant transactions. The Centers for Medicare and [COMPANY] (“CMS”) has indicated that it will delay payment of nonstandard electronic transactions by an additional two weeks as of July 1, 2004. CMS has implemented a flexible, complaint-driven enforcement strategy regarding electronic transactions, taking into account good faith efforts to comply with the HIPAA standards. It is possible, however, that CMS may change its existing enforcement strategy in the future in a manner that increases the likelihood of fines or penalties for non-compliance with standards. To the extent that other payors adopt policies similar to CMS regarding adjudication and payment of nonstandard electronic transactions and testing of standard transactions has not been completed with such payors, payor reimbursement of claims submitted by customers through the Apex Health Distribution clearinghouse may be slowed, thereby negatively impacting the demand for our clearinghouse services and negatively affecting our financial condition. Evolving HIPAA-related laws or regulations could restrict the ability of our customers to obtain, use or disseminate patient information. This could adversely affect demand for our products if they are not re-designed in a timely manner in order to meet the requirements of any new regulations that seek to protect the privacy and security of patient data or enable our customers to execute new or modified healthcare transactions. We may need to expend additional capital, research and development and other resources to modify our products to address these evolving data security and privacy issues. Due to the length of our sales and implementation cycles for our [COMPANY] segment, our future operating results may be impacted. [COMPANY] segment has long sales and implementation cycles, which could range from several months to over two years or more from initial contact with the customer to completion of implementation. How and when to implement, replace, or expand an information system, or modify or add business processes, are major decisions for healthcare organizations. The solutions we provide typically require significant capital expenditures and time commitments by the customer. Any decision by our customers to delay implementation may adversely affect our revenues. Furthermore, delays or failures to meet milestones established in our agreements may result in a breach of contract, termination of the agreement, damages and/or penalties as well as a reduction in our margins or a delay in our ability to recognize revenue. Reduced capacity in the commercial property insurance market exposes us to potential loss. In order to provide prompt and complete service to our major [COMPANY] customers, we maintain significant product inventory at certain of our distribution centers. While we seek to maintain property insurance coverage in amounts sufficient for our business, there can be no assurance that our property insurance will be adequate or available on acceptable terms. One or more large casualty losses caused by fire, earthquake or other natural disaster in excess of our coverage limits could materially harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 52 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Our business could be hindered if we are unable to complete and integrate acquisitions successfully. An element of our strategy is to identify, pursue and consummate acquisitions that either expand or complement our business. Integration of acquisitions involves a number of risks, including the diversion of management’s attention to the assimilation of the operations of businesses we have acquired; difficulties in the integration of operations and systems and the realization of potential operating synergies; the assimilation and retention of the personnel of the acquired companies; challenges in retaining the customers of the combined businesses; and potential adverse effects on operating results. In addition, we may potentially require additional financing in order to fund future acquisitions, which may or may not be attainable. If we are unable to successfully complete and integrate strategic acquisitions in a timely manner, our business and our growth strategies could be negatively affected. In addition to the above, the following factors could affect future results: changes in generally accepted accounting principles, including the requirement by accounting setting standards boards to expense stock options; tax legislation initiatives, foreign currency fluctuations and general economic and market conditions. 53 Table of [COMPANY] REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Stockholders and Board of Directors of Apex Health Distribution: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apex Health Distribution and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2004 and 2003, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended March 31, 2004. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the [COMPANY] Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Apex Health Distribution and subsidiaries at March 31, 2004 and 2003, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the fiscal period ended March 31, 2004, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects, the information set forth therein. As discussed in Financial Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is involved in certain shareholder litigation related to HBO & Company and subsidiaries. As discussed in Financial Note 1, in fiscal 2003 the Company changed its method of accounting for discontinued operations to conform to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . As also discussed in Financial Note 1, in fiscal 2004 the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 46, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, and retroactively restated the fiscal 2003 and 2002 financial statements. Deloitte & [COMPANY] Midland, Kansas April 29, 2004, except for paragraph 39 of Financial Note 1 and paragraph 43 of Financial Note 18, as to which the date is May 19, 2004 54 Table of [COMPANY] CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In millions, except per share amounts) Years Ended March 31, 2004 2003 2002 Revenues $ 69,506.1 $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 Cost of Sales 66,257.9 54,018.3 47,199.6 Gross Profit 3,248.2 3,102.5 2,788.5 Operating Expenses Selling 513.1 499.0 425.6 Distribution 625.7 571.7 502.7 Research and development 172.7 149.4 135.1 Administrative 953.3 949.4 1,001.8 Loss on sales of businesses, net — — 22.0 Total 2,264.8 2,169.5 2,087.2 Operating Income 983.4 933.0 701.3 Interest Expense (120.2 ) (128.1 ) (125.9 ) Gain (Loss) on Investments, Net (1.2 ) 1.4 (13.7 ) Other Income, Net 49.4 45.1 40.4 Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 911.4 851.4 602.1 Income Taxes 264.9 289.3 180.3 Income (Loss) After Income Taxes Continuing operations 646.5 562.1 421.8 Discontinued operations — (3.0 ) (3.2 ) Discontinued operations – loss on sale — (3.7 ) — Net Income $ 646.5 $ 555.4 $ 418.6 Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share Diluted Continuing operations $ 2.19 $ 1.90 $ 1.44 Discontinued operations — (0.01 ) (0.01 ) Discontinued operations – loss on sale — (0.01 ) — Total $ 2.19 $ 1.88 $ 1.43 Basic Continuing operations $ 2.23 $ 1.94 $ 1.48 Discontinued operations — (0.01 ) (0.01 ) Discontinued operations – loss on sale — (0.01 ) — Total $ 2.23 $ 1.92 $ 1.47 Weighted Average Shares Diluted 298.6 298.8 298.1 Basic 290.0 289.3 285.2 [COMPANY] Notes 55 Table of [COMPANY] CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except per share amounts) March 31, 2004 2003 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 708.0 $ 522.0 Marketable securities available for sale 9.8 11.5 Receivables, net 5,418.8 4,594.7 Inventories 6,735.1 6,022.5 Prepaid expenses 132.5 102.9 Total 13,004.2 11,253.6 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 599.9 593.7 Capitalized Software Held for Sale 129.4 131.1 Notes Receivable 172.2 245.6 Goodwill 1,405.8 1,354.2 Intangibles 84.4 95.3 Other Assets 844.3 687.6 Total Assets $ 16,240.2 $ 14,361.1 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current Liabilities Drafts payable $ 553.5 $ 680.1 Accounts payable 6,810.5 5,802.7 Deferred revenue 543.0 459.7 Current portion of long-term debt 274.8 10.2 Salaries and wages 200.5 217.2 Taxes 378.9 221.3 Other 694.9 584.0 Total 9,456.1 7,975.2 Postretirement Obligations and Other Noncurrent Liabilities 409.0 363.5 Long-Term Debt 1,209.8 1,496.9 Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 18) Stockholders’ Equity Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 100.0 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding — — Common stock, $0.01 par value Shares authorized: 2004 and 2003 – 800.0 Shares issued: 2004 – 297.1, 2003 – 292.3 2.9 2.9 Additional paid-in capital 2,047.2 1,921.2 Other capital (43.2 ) (92.5 ) Retained earnings 3,420.6 2,843.3 Accumulated other comprehensive losses (15.6 ) (59.1 ) ESOP notes and guarantees (52.5 ) (61.7 ) Treasury shares, at cost, 2004 – 6.8, 2003 – 1.1 (194.1 ) (28.6 ) Total Stockholders’ Equity 5,165.3 4,525.5 Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity $ 16,240.2 $ 14,361.1 [COMPANY] Notes 56 Table of [COMPANY] CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Years Ended March 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 (Shares in thousands, dollars in millions) Common Stock Additional Accumulated Other ESOP Notes Treasury Paid-in Other Retained Comprehensive and Common Stockholders’ [COMPANY] Earnings Losses Guarantees Shares Amount Equity Income (Loss) Balances, March 31, 2001 286,304 $ 2.9 $ 1,828.7 $ (111.2 ) $ 2,006.6 $ (75.0 ) $ (89.0 ) (2,321 ) $ (72.9 ) $ 3,490.1 Issuance of shares under employee plans 1,624 5.3 13.4 3,564 117.1 135.8 ESOP note collections 14.5 14.5 Translation adjustment (4.2 ) (4.2 ) $ (4.2 ) Additional minimum pension liability, net of tax of $(1.9) (3.3 ) (3.3 ) (3.3 ) Net income 418.6 418.6 418.6 Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax of $0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 Repurchase of shares (1,243 ) (44.2 ) (44.2 ) Other (3.0 ) 0.5 0.8 (1.7 ) 0.8 Cash dividends declared, $0.24 per common share (68.5 ) (68.5 ) Balances, March 31, 2002 287,928 2.9 1,831.0 (97.8 ) 2,357.2 (81.6 ) (74.5 ) — — 3,937.2 $ 412.0 Issuance of shares under employee plans 4,352 90.2 5.3 95.5 ESOP note collections 12.8 12.8 Translation adjustment 29.7 29.7 $ 29.7 Additional minimum pension liability, net of tax of $(2.1) (5.1 ) (5.1 ) (5.1 ) Net income 555.4 555.4 555.4 Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax of $(0.7) (1.3 ) (1.3 ) (1.3 ) Repurchase of shares (1,113 ) (28.6 ) (28.6 ) Other 0.4 (0.8 ) (0.4 ) (0.8 ) Cash dividends declared, $0.24 per common share (69.7 ) (69.7 ) Balances, March 31, 2003 292,280 2.9 1,921.2 (92.5 ) 2,843.3 (59.1 ) (61.7 ) (1,113 ) (28.6 ) 4,525.5 $ 577.9 Issuance of shares under employee plans 4,832 126.0 (286 ) (8.7 ) 117.3 ESOP note collections 9.2 9.2 Note collections 28.6 28.6 Note reserves 20.7 20.7 Translation adjustment 48.1 48.1 $ 48.1 Additional minimum pension liability, net of tax of $(3.6) (4.9 ) (4.9 ) (4.9 ) Net income 646.5 646.5 646.5 Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax of $0.1 0.3 0.3 0.3 Repurchase of shares (5,362 ) (156.8 ) (156.8 ) Other 0.5 0.5 Cash dividends declared, $0.24 per common share (69.7 ) (69.7 ) Balances, March 31, 2004 297,112 $ 2.9 $ 2,047.2 $ (43.2 ) $ 3,420.6 $ (15.6 ) $ (52.5 ) (6,761 ) $ (194.1 ) $ 5,165.3 $ 690.0 [COMPANY] Notes 57 Table of [COMPANY] CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions) Years Ended March 31, 2004 2003 2002 Operating Activities Income from continuing operations $ 646.5 $ 562.1 $ 421.8 Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 104.8 101.2 117.2 Amortization 127.3 102.5 89.3 Provision for bad debts 54.4 68.5 61.7 Notes receivable reserve 21.0 — — Customer settlement reserve reversal (66.4 ) (22.3 ) — Contract loss accruals 4.8 51.0 — Deferred taxes on income 69.5 126.6 76.8 Loss on sales of businesses, net — — 22.0 Other non-cash items 14.6 (19.6 ) 45.4 Total 976.5 970.0 834.2 Effects of changes in: Receivables (704.7 ) (641.6 ) (736.1 ) Inventories (681.3 ) 13.4 (901.5 ) Drafts and accounts payable 900.1 286.5 978.9 Deferred revenue 80.7 50.7 7.9 Taxes 61.6 16.6 150.9 Other (69.5 ) 15.2 5.0 Total (413.1 ) (259.2 ) (494.9 ) Net cash provided by continuing operations 563.4 710.8 339.3 Discontinued operations — (0.5 ) (2.4 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 563.4 710.3 336.9 Investing Activities Property acquisitions (115.0 ) (116.0 ) (130.8 ) Capitalized software expenditures (172.0 ) (188.0 ) (125.7 ) Acquisitions of businesses, less cash and cash equivalents acquired (49.4 ) (385.8 ) (73.1 ) Notes receivable issuances, net (8.8 ) (55.7 ) (58.6 ) Proceeds from sale of notes receivable 45.4 117.9 — Other 31.9 26.7 (16.1 ) Net cash used by investing activities (267.9 ) (600.9 ) (404.3 ) Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of debt — — 397.3 Repayment of debt (17.5 ) (142.5 ) (200.7 ) Capital stock transactions: Issuances 92.6 78.8 88.1 Share repurchases (156.8 ) (25.0 ) (44.2 ) ESOP notes and guarantees 9.2 12.8 14.5 Dividends paid (69.8 ) (69.7 ) (68.5 ) Other 32.8 0.4 5.2 Net cash provided (used) by financing activities (109.5 ) (145.2 ) 191.7 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 186.0 (35.8 ) 124.3 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 522.0 557.8 433.5 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 708.0 $ 522.0 $ 557.8 Supplemental Information: Cash paid (received) for: Interest $ 119.9 $ 122.0 $ 108.9 Income taxes 138.2 139.2 (45.7 ) [COMPANY] Notes 58 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES 1. Significant Accounting Policies Nature of Operations. The consolidated financial statements of Apex Health Distribution (“Apex Health Distribution,” the “Company,” or “we” and other similar pronouns) include the financial statements of all majority-owned or controlled companies. Significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. [COMPANY]’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. We conduct our business through three segments: [COMPANY], Apex MedSupply and [COMPANY] segment includes our U.S. and Canadian pharmaceutical and healthcare products distribution businesses and a 22% equity interest in a pharmaceutical distributor in Mexico, Nadro S.A. de C.V. (“Nadro”). [COMPANY] business also includes the manufacture and sale of automated pharmaceutical dispensing systems for hospitals and retail pharmacies, medical management and specialty pharmaceutical solutions for biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturers, patient and payor services, consulting and outsourcing services to pharmacies, and distribution of first-aid products to industrial and commercial customers. The Apex MedSupply segment distributes medical-surgical supplies and equipment, and provides logistics and related services within the [COMPANY] segment delivers enterprise-wide clinical, revenue cycle and resource management software solutions, as well as technology, outsourcing and other professional services, to healthcare organizations throughout North America, certain European countries and the United Kingdom. Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents include all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition. Marketable Securities Available for Sale are carried at fair value and the net unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, computed in marking these securities to market have been reported within stockholders’ equity. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Inventories for the [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments consist of merchandise held for resale. For our [COMPANY] segment, the majority of the cost of domestic inventories were determined on the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method and international inventories stated using the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method. Cost of inventories for our Apex MedSupply segment was primarily determined on the FIFO method. [COMPANY] segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost determined either by the specific identification or the FIFO method. The LIFO method was used to value approximately 90% of our inventories at March 31, 2004 and 2003. Total inventories before the LIFO cost adjustment, which approximates replacement cost, were $6,981.5 million and $6,241.0 million at March 31, 2004 and 2003. Allowances received from vendors are generally accounted for as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized when the inventory is sold. Property, Plant and Equipment is stated at cost and depreciated on the straight-line method at rates designed to distribute the cost of properties over estimated service lives ranging from one to 50 years. Capitalized Software Held for Sale consists of development costs for software held for sale primarily for our [COMPANY] segment. Such costs are capitalized once a project has reached the point of technological feasibility. Completed projects are amortized after reaching the point of general availability using the straight-line method based on an estimated useful life of approximately three years. We monitor the net realizable value of capitalized software held for sale to ensure that the investment will be recovered through future sales. 59 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Additional information regarding our capitalized software expenditures is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 2002 Amounts capitalized $ 57.7 $ 53.8 $ 48.6 Amortization expense 53.2 44.3 37.2 Third-party royalty fees paid 25.0 24.9 20.8 Long-lived Assets. We assess the recoverability of goodwill on at least an annual basis and other long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Measurement of impairment losses for long-lived assets, including goodwill, which we expect to hold and use, is based on estimated fair values of the assets. Estimates of fair values are based on quoted market prices, when available, the results of valuation techniques utilizing discounted cash flows (using the lowest level of identifiable cash flows) or fundamental analysis. Long-lived assets to be disposed of, either by sale or abandonment, are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Capitalized Software Held for Internal Use is amortized over estimated useful lives ranging from one to ten years and is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. As of March 31, 2004 and 2003, capitalized software held for internal use was $389.3 million and $325.5 million, net of accumulated amortization of $182.0 million and $127.7 million. Insurance Programs. Under our insurance programs, we seek to obtain coverage for catastrophic exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. It is our policy to retain a significant portion of certain losses primarily related to workers’ compensation and comprehensive general, product, and vehicle liability. Provisions for losses expected under these programs are recorded based upon our estimate of the aggregate liability for claims incurred. Such estimates utilize certain actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry. Revenue Recognition . Revenues for our [COMPANY] and Apex MedSupply segments are recognized when all of the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the fee is fixed or determinable, product delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, there are no further obligations to customers, and collectability is probable. Revenues are recorded net of sales returns, allowances and rebates. Sales returns are recorded when goods are returned to us and are generally not accepted unless the inventory can be returned to the manufacturer for credit. Sales returns were approximately $766 million, $755 million and $721 million in 2004, 2003 and 2002. Amounts recorded in revenue and cost of sales under this accounting policy approximate what would have been recorded under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 48, “Revenue Recognition when Right of Return Exists.” Included in our [COMPANY] segment revenues are large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to a limited number of large self-warehousing customers whereby we order and subsequently deliver bulk products directly from the manufacturer to the customers’ warehouses through a central distribution facility. In addition to these revenues, we also record revenues associated with direct store deliveries from most of these same customers. Sales to customer warehouses amounted to $21.6 billion in 2004, $14.8 billion in 2003, and $13.2 billion in 2002. These sales are recorded gross as we take title to and possession of the inventory and assume the risk of loss for collection, delivery or return. We have significantly lower gross margin on these sales as we pass much of the efficiencies of this low cost-to-serve model on to the customer. These sales do, however, contribute to our gross profit dollars in that the volume allows us to earn incremental product sourcing profits. Revenues for our [COMPANY] segment are generated primarily by licensing software systems (consisting of software, hardware and maintenance support), and providing outsourcing and professional services. Revenue for this segment is recognized as follows: Software systems are marketed under information systems agreements as well as service agreements. Perpetual software arrangements are recognized at the time of delivery or under the percentage-of-completion contract method in accordance with Statement of Position (“SOP”) 97-2, “Software Revenue Recognition,” and SOP 81-1, “Accounting for Performance of Construction-Type and Certain Production-Type Contracts,” based on the terms and conditions in the contract. Contracts accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method are generally measured based on the ratio of labor costs incurred to date to total estimated labor costs to be incurred. Changes in estimates to complete and revisions in overall profit estimates on these contracts are charged to earnings in the period in which they are determined. We accrue for contract losses if and when the current estimate of total contract costs exceeds total contract revenue. Hardware revenues are generally recognized upon delivery. Revenue from multi-year software license agreements is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. Software implementation fees are recognized as 60 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) the work is performed or under the percentage-of-completion contract method. Maintenance and support agreements are marketed under annual or multiyear agreements and are recognized ratably over the period covered by the agreements. Remote processing service fees are recognized monthly as the service is performed. Outsourcing service revenues are recognized as the service is performed. We also offer our products on an application service provider (“ASP”) basis, making available our software functionality on a remote hosting basis from our data centers. The data centers provide system and administrative support as well as hosting services. Revenue on products sold on an ASP basis is recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the contract starting when the hosting services begin. This segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain any combination of software, hardware, implementation or consulting services, or maintenance services. When some elements are delivered prior to others in an arrangement and vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value (“VSOE”) exists for the undelivered elements, revenue for the delivered elements is recognized upon delivery of such items. The segment establishes VSOE for hardware and implementation and consulting services based on the price charged when sold separately, and for maintenance services, based on renewal rates offered to customers. Revenue for the software element is recognized under the residual method only when fair value has been established for all of the undelivered elements in an arrangement. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement’s revenue is deferred until the delivery of the last element or until the fair value of the undelivered element is determinable. Income Taxes . We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Foreign Currency Translation. Assets and liabilities of international subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates, and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year. Cumulative currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive losses in the stockholders’ equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. Realized gains and losses from currency exchange transactions are recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and were not material to our consolidated results of operations in 2004, 2003 or 2002. [COMPANY] Instruments . Derivative financial instruments are used principally in the management of our foreign currency and interest rate exposures and are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive losses and are recognized in the consolidated statement of earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. Derivative instruments not designated as hedges are marked-to-market at the end of each accounting period with the results included in earnings. Concentrations of Credit Risk. Trade receivables subject us to a concentration of credit risk with customers primarily in our [COMPANY] segment. A significant proportion of our revenue growth has been with a limited number of large customers and as a result, our credit concentration has increased. Accordingly, any defaults in payment by or a reduction in purchases from these large customers could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. At March 31, 2004, revenues and accounts receivable from our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 50% of total consolidated revenues and accounts receivable. Fiscal 2004 revenues and March 31, 2004 receivables from our largest customer, [COMPANY], represented approximately 11% of total consolidated revenues and 8% of accounts receivable. We have also provided financing arrangements to certain of our customers within our [COMPANY] segment, some of which are on a revolving basis. At March 31, 2004, these arrangements totaled $196.1 million and we have a security interest in the customers’ assets. Accounts Receivable Sales. At March 31, 2004, we had a $1.1 billion revolving receivables sales facility, which was fully available. The program qualifies for sale treatment under SFAS No. 140, “Accounting For Transfers and [COMPANY] Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities.” Sales are recorded at the estimated fair values of the 61 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) receivables sold, reflecting discounts for the time value of money based on U.S. commercial paper rates and estimated loss provisions. Discounts are recorded in administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Employee Stock Options. We account for our employee stock-based compensation plans using the intrinsic value method under Accounting Principles Board (“APB”) Opinion No. 25, “Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.” We apply the disclosure provisions of SFAS No. 123, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation,” as amended by SFAS No. 148, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation – Transition and Disclosure.” Had compensation cost for our employee stock-based compensation been recognized based on the fair value method, consistent with the provisions of SFAS No. 123, net income and earnings per share would have been as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2004 2003 2002 Net income, as reported $ 646.5 $ 555.4 $ 418.6 Compensation expense, net of tax: APB Opinion No. 25 expense included in net income 5.3 3.2 6.9 SFAS No. 123 expense (209.8 ) (159.5 ) (168.6 ) Pro forma net income $ 442.0 $ 399.1 $ 256.9 Earnings per common share: Diluted – as reported $ 2.19 $ 1.88 $ 1.43 Diluted – pro forma 1.50 1.36 0.88 Basic – as reported 2.23 1.92 1.47 Basic – pro forma 1.52 1.38 0.90 In 2004, we accelerated the vesting of substantially all unvested stock options outstanding whose exercise price was equal to or greater than $28.20, or substantially all of the total unvested stock options outstanding. SFAS No. 123 expense related to this acceleration amounted to approximately $117 million (or $0.39 per diluted share) on an after-tax basis. New Accounting Pronouncements . In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued SFAS No. 143, “Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations,” which addresses financial accounting requirements for retirement obligations associated with tangible long-lived assets. In May 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 145, “Rescission of FASB Statements 4, 44, 64, Amendment to FASB Statement No. 13, and Technical Corrections as of April 2002.” SFAS No. 145 amends other existing authoritative pronouncements to make various technical corrections, clarify meanings, or describe their applicability under changed conditions. SFAS Nos. 143 and 145 became effective for 2004. The adoption of these standards did not materially impact our consolidated financial statements. In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets,” that replaces SFAS No. 121, “Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of.” SFAS No. 144 requires that long-lived assets to be disposed of by sale, including those of discontinued operations, be measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Discontinued operations are no longer measured at net realizable value or include amounts for operating losses that have not yet been incurred. SFAS No. 144 also broadens the reporting of discontinued operations to include all components of an entity with operations that can be distinguished from the rest of the entity and that will be eliminated from the ongoing operations in a disposal transaction. We adopted SFAS No. 144 as of April 1, 2002. The adoption of this standard resulted in the classification of a disposition of a business as a discontinued operation. In July 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 146, “Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities,” which replaces Emerging Issues Task Force (“EITF”) Issue No. 94-3, “Liability Recognition for Certain Employee Termination Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an Activity.” SFAS No. 146 requires that liabilities associated with exit or disposal activities be recognized when they are incurred. Under EITF Issue No. 94-3, a liability for exit costs was recognized at the date of a commitment to an exit plan. SFAS No. 146 also requires that the liability be measured and recorded at fair value. Accordingly, this standard may affect the timing of recognizing future restructuring costs as well as the amounts recognized. Liabilities recognized prior to the initial application of SFAS No. 146 continue to be accounted for in accordance with preexisting guidance. The provisions of SFAS No. 62 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 146 were adopted for restructuring activities initiated after December 31, 2002 on a prospective basis. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In November 2002, the FASB issued Interpretation (“FIN”) No. 45, “Guarantor’s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others.” This interpretation elaborates on the disclosures to be made by a guarantor in its interim and annual financial statements about obligations under certain guarantees that it has issued. It also clarifies that a guarantor is required to recognize, at the inception of a guarantee, a liability for the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. The disclosure requirements of FIN No. 45 were effective for interim and annual periods ending after December 15, 2002. The initial recognition and measurement requirements of FIN No. 45 are effective prospectively for guarantees issued or modified after December 31, 2002. The adoption of FIN No. 45 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In November 2002, the FASB reached a consensus regarding EITF Issue No. 00-21, “Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables.” EITF Issue No. 00-21 addresses accounting for arrangements that may involve the delivery or performance of multiple products, services, and/or rights to use assets. The guidance provided by EITF Issue No. 00-21 is effective for us on contracts entered into on or after July 1, 2003. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Also, in November 2002, the FASB reached a consensus on EITF Issue No. 02-16, “Accounting by a Customer (Including a Reseller) for Certain Consideration Received from a Vendor.” EITF Issue No. 02-16 provides that cash consideration received from a vendor is presumed to be a reduction of the prices of the vendor’s products or services and should, therefore, be characterized as a reduction in cost of sales unless it is a payment for assets or services delivered to the vendor, in which case the cash consideration should be characterized as revenue, or it is a reimbursement of costs incurred to sell the vendor’s products, in which case the cash consideration should be characterized as a reduction of that cost. This consensus is generally effective for new or modified agreements subsequent to November 2002. We were previously accounting for rebates in accordance with this consensus, and as a result, the adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation – Transition and Disclosure.” This statement amends SFAS No. 123, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation,” to provide alternative methods of transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation. In addition, SFAS No. 148 amends the disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 123 to require prominent disclosures in both interim and annual financial statements about the method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation and the effect of the method used on reported results. [COMPANY] has not yet adopted the fair value method of accounting for stock-based compensation, however, as required, we adopted the disclosure provisions of this standard in 2004. In January 2003, the FASB issued FIN No. 46, “Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities” and in December 2003, a revised interpretation was issued (FIN No. 46(R)). In general, a variable interest entity (“VIE”) is a corporation, partnership, trust, or any other legal structure used for business purposes that either does not have equity investors with voting rights or has equity investors that do not provide sufficient financial resources for the entity to support its activities. FIN No. 46 requires a VIE to be consolidated by a company if that company is designated as the primary beneficiary. The interpretation applies to VIEs created after January 31, 2003, and for all financial statements issued after December 15, 2003 for VIEs in which an enterprise held a variable interest that it acquired before February 1, 2003. We implemented FIN Nos. 46 and 46(R) on a retroactive basis as required in 2004. As a result of the implementation, the Company no longer consolidates its investment in the Apex Health Distribution Financing Trust (the “Trust”) as the Company was not designated as the Trust’s primary beneficiary. In accordance with this accounting standard, the Company now recognizes the debentures issued to the Trust as long-term debt in its consolidated financial statements in lieu of the preferred securities that the Trust issued to third parties. Additionally, the consolidated financial statements include interest expense on the debentures and no longer report dividends on the preferred securities, net of tax. These changes increased the Company’s net debt to net capital ratio slightly but did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, including diluted earnings per share. In April 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 149, “Amendment of Statement 133 on Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities.” SFAS No. 149 amends SFAS No. 133 for decisions made as part of the FASB’s Derivatives 63 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) [COMPANY] process, other FASB projects dealing with financial instruments, and in connection with implementation issues raised in relation to the application of the definition of a derivative. This statement is generally effective for contracts entered into or modified after June 30, 2003 and for hedging relationships designated after June 30, 2003. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In May 2003, the FASB issued SFAS No. 150, “Accounting for [COMPANY] Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity.” SFAS No. 150 clarifies the definition of a liability as currently defined in FASB Concepts Statement No. 6, “Elements of Financial Statements,” as well as other planned revisions. This statement requires a financial instrument that embodies an obligation of an issuer to be classified as a liability. In addition, the statement establishes standards for the initial and subsequent measurement of these financial instruments and disclosure requirements. SFAS No. 150 is effective for financial instruments entered into or modified after May 31, 2003 and for all other matters, at the beginning of our second quarter of 2004. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In December 2003, the FASB issued a revision to SFAS No. 132, “Employers’ Disclosures about Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits,” effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2003. This statement does not change the measurement or recognition aspects for pensions and other postretirement benefit plans, however it does revise employers’ disclosures to include more information about plan assets, obligations to pay benefits and funding obligations. As required, the Company adopted the disclosure provisions of SFAS No. 132 in 2004. In December 2003, the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) No. 104, “Revenue Recognition,” which supersedes SAB No. 101, “Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements.” SAB No. 104’s primary purpose is to rescind the accounting guidance contained in SAB No. 101 related to multiple-element revenue arrangements that was superseded as a result of the issuance of EITF Issue No. 00-21. Additionally, SAB No. 104 rescinds the SEC’s related Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements Frequently Asked Questions and Answers issued with SAB No. 101 that had previously been codified by the SEC. While the wording of SAB No. 104 reflects the issuance of EITF Issue No. 00-21, the revenue recognition principles of SAB No. 101 remain largely unchanged by the issuance of SAB No. 104, which was effective upon issuance. The adoption of SAB No. 104 did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. In January 2004, the FASB issued Financial Staff Position (“FSP”) 106-1, “Accounting and Disclosure Requirements Related to the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003.” As permitted by FSP No. 106-1, we elected to defer recognizing the effects of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the “Act”) until authoritative guidance on accounting for the new federal subsidy is issued. In May 2004, the FASB issued FSP No. 106-2 which provides accounting guidance for this new subsidy. [COMPANY] sponsors a number of postretirement benefit plans which may benefit from the subsidy and as a result, we are currently evaluating the impact of FSP No. 106-2, which we are required to adopt in our second quarter of 2005. 2. Acquisitions We made the following acquisitions: – In April 2004, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of [COMPANY]. (“MMC”), of New Britain, Connecticut, for $12 per share in cash or approximately $40 million in aggregate. MMC is an Internet-enabled, multi-channel marketer and distributor of medical-surgical and pharmaceutical products to non-hospital provider settings. Financial results for MMC will be reflected as part of our Apex MedSupply segment in 2005. – In the second quarter of 2003, we acquired the outstanding stock of [COMPANY]. (“A.L.I.”) for an aggregate cash purchase price of $347.0 million. A.L.I. provides digital medical imaging solutions which are designed to streamline access to diagnostic information, automate clinical workflow and eliminate the need for film purchase and storage. The acquisition of A.L.I. complemented our Horizon Clinicals™ offering by incorporating medical images into a computerized patient record. Approximately $328 million of A.L.I.’s purchase price was assigned to goodwill, none of which is deductible for tax purposes. The aggregate purchase 64 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) price was financed through cash and short-term borrowings. The results of A.L.I.’s operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements within our [COMPANY] segment since its acquisition date. – In February 2002, our [COMPANY] segment acquired, for approximately $62 million in cash, the net assets of PMO, Inc., a national specialty pharmacy business (having previously done business as VitaRx), that provides mail order pharmaceutical prescription services to managed care patients. – In 2003, we purchased the remaining interest in an investment of our [COMPANY] segment for approximately $32 million, retained a small portion of the business and subsequently sold the balance for approximately $40 million, the proceeds of which consisted of an interest bearing ten-year note receivable, resulting in a nominal loss. During the last three years we also completed several smaller acquisitions and investments within our [COMPANY] and [COMPANY] segments. Pro forma results of operations for our business acquisitions have not been presented because the effects were not material to the consolidated financial statements on either an individual or aggregate basis. 3. Discontinued Operations and Other Divestitures In September 2002, we sold the net assets of a marketing fulfillment business which was previously included in our [COMPANY] segment. Net proceeds from the sale of this business were $4.5 million. The disposition resulted in an after-tax loss of $3.7 million or $0.01 per diluted share. The net assets and results of operations of this business have been presented as a discontinued operation and, as a result, prior year amounts have been reclassified. In 2002, we sold three businesses, Abaton.com, Inc., [COMPANY], Inc. and [COMPANY]. Two of these businesses were from our [COMPANY] segment and one was from our [COMPANY] segment. Net proceeds from the sale of these businesses were $0.2 million, resulting in a pre-tax loss of $22.0 million and an after-tax gain of $22.0 million. For accounting purposes, the net assets of one of these businesses were written down in 2001 in connection with the restructuring of a former business segment. The tax benefit could not be recognized until 2002 when the sale of the business was completed. In addition, as SFAS No. 144 was not effective until 2003, the dispositions of these businesses were not treated as discontinued operations. 4. Contracts In 2003, we recorded a $51.0 million provision for expected losses on five multi-year contracts in our [COMPANY] segment’s international business. Substantially all of the expected losses pertain to contracts that were entered into in 2001 or earlier. These contracts contain multiple-element deliverables, including customization of software. In addition, these contracts place significant reliance on third party vendors as well as the customers. During the software development and implementation phases of these contracts, despite experiencing certain operational issues, we believed these contracts could be fully performed on a timely basis and remain profitable. In 2003, after experiencing numerous delays in product delivery and functionality, we conducted a reassessment of the contract delivery and project methodology, including assessment of our third party vendors’ ability to perform under these contracts. We determined that certain contract obligations, including software functionality, could not be met within existing contract cost estimates and delivery dates. Accordingly, we reassessed our estimate of the costs to fulfill our contract obligations and recorded a $51.0 million provision for the expected contract losses. During the third quarter of 2004, the Company and a customer decided to exit one contract and had commenced discussions to mutually terminate the contract and negotiate settlement terms and conditions, and as a result, we recorded an additional $20.0 million contract loss provision. In the fourth quarter of 2004, we reduced our accrued contract loss provision by $15.2 million primarily to reflect the final terms and conditions of our termination agreement with this customer. 65 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 5. Restructuring and Related Asset Impairments Net charges (credits) from restructuring activities over the last three years were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except for number of employees) 2004 2003 2002 By Expense Type: Severance $ 5.8 $ (5.8 ) $ 14.0 Exit-related costs (2.3 ) (0.3 ) 18.2 Asset impairments 0.3 1.3 7.6 Subtotal 3.8 (4.8 ) 39.8 Customer settlement reserve reversals (66.4 ) (22.3 ) — Total $ (62.6 ) $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 By Segment: [COMPANY] $ (0.2 ) $ 7.7 $ 2.6 Apex MedSupply 0.6 (11.7 ) 26.0 [COMPANY] (66.6 ) (22.3 ) 12.0 Corporate 3.6 (0.8 ) (0.8 ) Total $ (62.6 ) $ (27.1 ) $ 39.8 Number of employees terminated (primarily in distribution, delivery and associated back-office functions) 151 326 295 In 2004, net charges for restructuring activities, excluding customer settlement reserve reversals, amounted to $3.8 million. These charges related to a number of smaller initiatives offset in part by adjustments to prior years’ restructuring reserves. In 2003, net credits for restructuring activities, excluding customer settlement reserve reversals, amounted to $4.8 million. These net credits primarily related to $12.0 million of reversals of severance and exit-related accruals pertaining to our re-evaluation of our 2002 Apex MedSupply segment distribution center network consolidation plan. The original consolidation plan included a net reduction of 20 distribution centers, from 51, compared to a net reduction of 14 under the revised plan. Net credits for 2003 also include $5.1 million of charges for additional facility closure costs associated with prior years’ restructuring plans in our [COMPANY] segment. In 2002, net charges for restructuring activities of $39.8 million included severance charges of $19.8 million, exit-related charges of $19.5 million and asset impairment charges of $7.6 million primarily related to a plan to reduce the number of distribution centers in our Apex MedSupply segment, as well as restructuring activities in our [COMPANY] segment. Partially offsetting these charges was a reversal of $7.1 million of prior years’ restructuring reserves due to a change in estimated costs to complete these activities. 66 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The following table summarizes the activity related to the restructuring liabilities, excluding customer settlement reserves, for the three years ended March 31, 2004: [COMPANY] Corporate Exit- Exit- Exit- Exit- (In millions) Severance Related Severance Related Severance Related Severance Related Total Balance, March 31, 2001 $ 6.0 $ 3.6 $ 4.0 $ 3.9 $ 3.5 $ 9.0 $ 24.7 $ 0.3 $ 55.0 Current year expenses 0.7 2.4 11.4 15.7 7.5 1.1 0.2 0.3 39.3 Adjustments to prior years’ expenses (2.0 ) (0.6 ) (0.9 ) (2.7 ) (1.6 ) 2.0 (1.3 ) — (7.1 ) Net expense for the period (1.3 ) 1.8 10.5 13.0 5.9 3.1 (1.1 ) 0.3 32.2 Cash expenditures (3.5 ) (1.0 ) (3.6 ) (2.6 ) (3.8 ) (7.6 ) (6.8 ) (0.3 ) (29.2 ) Balance, March 31, 2002 1.2 4.4 10.9 14.3 5.6 4.5 16.8 0.3 58.0 Current year expenses 0.8 1.1 — — — — — — 1.9 Adjustments to prior years’ expenses (0.3 ) 5.1 (5.5 ) (6.5 ) — — (0.8 ) — (8.0 ) Net expense for the period 0.5 6.2 (5.5 ) (6.5 ) — — (0.8 ) — (6.1 ) Cash expenditures (1.7 ) (2.5 ) (3.7 ) (3.8 ) (4.7 ) (1.5 ) (2.0 ) (0.3 ) (20.2 ) Balance, March 31, 2003 — 8.1 1.7 4.0 0.9 3.0 14.0 — 31.7 Current year expenses 0.6 0.2 2.0 0.1 — — 3.9 — 6.8 Adjustments to prior years’ expenses — (1.3 ) (0.4 ) (1.1 ) — (0.2 ) (0.3 ) — (3.3 ) Net expense for the period 0.6 (1.1 ) 1.6 (1.0 ) — (0.2 ) 3.6 — 3.5 Cash expenditures (0.2 ) (1.8 ) (1.6 ) (1.1 ) (0.7 ) (0.9 ) (7.1 ) — (13.4 ) Balance, March 31, 2004 $ 0.4 $ 5.2 $ 1.7 $ 1.9 $ 0.2 $ 1.9 $ 10.5 $ — $ 21.8 Accrued restructuring liabilities are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The remaining balances at March 31, 2004 for Corporate include approximately $7 million of retirement costs which were paid in April 2004. In addition to the above restructuring activities, we are still managing a 2001/2000 restructuring plan associated with customer settlements for the discontinuance of overlapping and nonstrategic products and other product development projects within our [COMPANY] segment. In 2004 and 2003, we reversed $66.4 million and $22.3 million of accrued customer settlement reserves into operating expenses due to favorable settlements and negotiations with affected customers. There have been no significant offsetting changes in estimates that increase the provision for customer settlements. Total cash and non-cash settlements of $45.3 million and $95.0 million have been incurred since the inception of this restructuring plan. Non-cash settlements represent write-offs of customer receivables. The following table summarizes the activity related to the customer settlement reserves for the three years ended March 31, 2004: Settlements Reversals of Beginning Prior Years’ (In millions) Balance Cash Non-cash (a) Expenses (b) Ending Balance March 31, 2002 $ 195.5 $ (19.9 ) $ (42.2 ) $ — $ 133.4 March 31, 2003 133.4 (13.0 ) (11.2 ) (22.3 ) 86.9 March 31, 2004 86.9 (2.1 ) (12.2 ) (66.4 ) 6.2 (a) Non-cash settlements represent write-offs of customer receivables. (b) By the third quarter of fiscal 2003, we had completed, on a cumulative basis, settlements with 71% of our affected customers. Additionally, we announced the general availability of a critical software component of our clinical strategy, which helped us refine our estimate of customers expected to move forward with the clinical product replacements and provided a more favorable prognosis of remaining settlements. Accordingly, we reversed $22.3 million of the customer settlement reserve in the fiscal year. In fiscal 2004, we had significant settlement activity, including the completion and execution of a number of the more difficult customer settlements. As of March 31, 2004, we were substantially complete (97%) with our customer settlements. As a result, the customer settlement reserve was reduced by $66.4 million and we believe we have good estimates for the few remaining settlements. Past settlements do not necessarily reflect future or projected settlement amounts. Customer settlement reserves were established, reviewed and assessed on a customer and contract specific basis, and actual settlements for each customer varied significantly depending on the specific mix and number of products, and each customer contract or contracts. 67 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) By the end of the fourth quarter of 2004, we substantially completed our negotiations with the affected customers. As a result, we do not anticipate additional significant increases to the allowance for customer settlements. However, as settlement negotiations with the remaining customers are finalized, additional adjustments to the reserve may be necessary. 6. Gain (Loss) on Investments, Net Gain (loss) on investments includes gains and losses from the sale or liquidation of investments and other-than-temporary impairment losses. We recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses of $1.5 million, $8.5 million, and $14.6 million in 2004, 2003 and 2002 on equity and joint venture investments as a result of significant declines in the market values of these investments. We used quoted market prices, if available, to determine the fair value of our investments. For investments that do not trade regularly, we estimated fair value using a variety of pricing techniques including discounted cash flow analyses and market transactions. 7. Other Income, Net Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 2002 Interest income $ 28.5 $ 24.4 $ 23.8 Equity in earnings, net 7.4 12.2 6.3 Gain on sale of notes receivable 3.1 5.3 — Other, net 10.4 3.2 10.3 Total $ 49.4 $ 45.1 $ 40.4 Equity in earnings is primarily derived from our investment in Nadro and a real estate venture. In 2004 and 2003, we sold certain sales-type lease receivables to a third party for $45.4 million and $117.9 million. Gains on the sales of $3.1 million and $5.3 million were recognized from these receivable sales in 2004 and 2003. 8. Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share is computed similar to basic earnings per share except that it reflects the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities or other obligations to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. 68 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The computations for basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations are as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2004 2003 2002 Income from continuing operations $ 646.5 $ 562.1 $ 421.8 Interest expense on convertible junior subordinated debentures, net of tax benefit 6.2 6.2 6.2 Income from continuing operations – diluted $ 652.7 $ 568.3 $ 428.0 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 290.0 289.3 285.2 Effect of dilutive securities: Options to purchase common stock 2.8 3.5 7.0 Convertible junior subordinated debentures 5.4 5.4 5.4 Restricted stock 0.4 0.6 0.5 Diluted 298.6 298.8 298.1 Earnings per share from continuing operations: Basic $ 2.23 $ 1.94 $ 1.48 Diluted 2.19 1.90 1.44 Approximately 37.8 million, 33.3 million and 27.4 million stock options were excluded from the computations of diluted net earnings per share in 2004, 2003 and 2002 as their exercise price was higher than the Company’s average stock price. 9. Receivables, net March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 Customer accounts $ 4,986.1 $ 4,305.9 Other 609.5 574.2 Total 5,595.6 4,880.1 Allowances (176.8 ) (285.4 ) Net $ 5,418.8 $ 4,594.7 The allowances are for uncollectible accounts, discounts, returns, refunds, customer settlements and other adjustments. Allowances declined in 2004 primarily due to a $66.4 million reversal of accrued customer settlements into operating expenses and a $44.1 million write-off of a previously reserved note receivable. 10. Property, Plant and Equipment, net March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 Land $ 34.2 $ 34.3 Building, machinery and equipment 1,289.1 1,196.8 Total property, plant and equipment 1,323.3 1,231.1 Accumulated depreciation (723.4 ) (637.4 ) Property, plant and equipment, net $ 599.9 $ 593.7 69 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 11. Goodwill and Other Intangibles Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows: Pharmaceutical Medical-Surgical Information (In millions) [COMPANY] Total Balance, March 31, 2002 $ 303.9 $ 689.4 $ 29.0 $ 1,022.3 Goodwill acquired 41.8 — 328.1 369.9 Sale of business (38.6 ) — — (38.6 ) Translation adjustments and other — (2.9 ) 3.5 0.6 Balance, March 31, 2003 307.1 686.5 360.6 1,354.2 Goodwill acquired 32.2 1.0 1.7 34.9 Translation adjustments 3.1 — 13.6 16.7 Balance, March 31, 2004 $ 342.4 $ 687.5 $ 375.9 $ 1,405.8 Information regarding other intangible assets is as follows: March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 Customer lists $ 92.9 $ 89.9 Technology 61.2 58.7 Trademarks and other 23.8 21.5 Gross intangibles 177.9 170.1 Accumulated amortization (93.5 ) (74.8 ) Other intangible assets, net $ 84.4 $ 95.3 Amortization expense of other intangible assets was $21.2 million, $18.2 million and $14.4 million for 2004, 2003 and 2002. The weighted average remaining amortization period for customer lists, technology, and trademarks and other intangible assets at March 31, 2004 was: 8 years, 5 years and 5 years. Estimated future annual amortization expense of these assets is as follows: $17.9 million, $12.9 million, $12.4 million, $13.4 million and $5.0 million for 2005 through 2009, and $7.9 million thereafter. At March 31, 2004, there were $14.9 million of other intangible assets not subject to amortization. 12. Long-Term Debt and Other Financing March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 8.91% Series A Senior Notes due February, 2005 $ 100.0 $ 100.0 8.95% Series B Senior Notes due February, 2007 20.0 20.0 9.13% Series C Senior Notes due February, 2010 215.0 215.0 6.30% Notes due March, 2005 150.0 150.0 6.40% Notes due March, 2008 150.0 150.0 7.75% Notes due February, 2012 398.4 398.0 7.65% Debentures due March, 2027 175.0 175.0 5.00% Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due June 2027 206.2 206.2 ESOP related debt (see Financial Note 15) 52.5 61.7 Other 17.5 31.2 Total debt 1,484.6 1,507.1 Less current portion 274.8 10.2 Total long-term debt $ 1,209.8 $ 1,496.9 Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures In February 1997, we issued 5% Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures (the “Debentures”) in an aggregate principal amount of $206,186,000. The Debentures, which are included in long-term debt, mature on June 1, 2027, bear interest at an annual rate of 5%, payable quarterly, and are currently redeemable by us at 101.5% of the 70 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) principal amount. The Debentures were purchased by the Trust, which is wholly owned by the Company, with proceeds from its issuance of four million shares of preferred securities to the public and 123,720 common securities to us. These preferred securities are convertible at the holder’s option into the Company’s common stock. The Debentures represent the sole assets of the Trust. Holders of the preferred securities are entitled to cumulative cash distributions at an annual rate of 5% of the liquidation amount of $50 per security. Each preferred security is convertible at the rate of 1.3418 shares of the Company’s common stock, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. The preferred securities will be redeemed upon repayment of the Debentures and are callable by us on or after March 4, 2000, in whole or in part, initially at 103.5% of the liquidation preference per share, and thereafter at prices declining at 0.5% per annum to 100% of the liquidation preference on and after March 4, 2007 plus, in each case, accumulated, accrued and unpaid distributions, if any, to the redemption date. We have guaranteed, on a subordinated basis, distributions and other payments due on the preferred securities (the “Guarantee”). The Guarantee, when taken together with our obligations under the Debentures, and in the indenture pursuant to which the Debentures were issued, and our obligations under the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust governing the subsidiary trust, provides a full and unconditional guarantee of amounts due on the preferred securities. Other Financing We have a 364-day revolving credit agreement that allows for short-term borrowings of up to $650.0 million (2003 – $550.0 million) which expires in September 2004, and a $550.0 million three-year revolving credit facility which expires in September 2005. These facilities are primarily intended to support our commercial paper borrowings. We also have a $1.1 billion revolving receivables sale facility, which expires in June 2004. At March 31, 2004, there were no amounts utilized under any of these facilities. In January 2002, we completed a public offering of $400.0 million of 7.75% unsecured notes, due in 2012. These notes are redeemable at any time, in whole or in part, at our option. Net proceeds of $397.3 million for the issuance of these notes were used to repay term debt and for other general corporate purposes. The employee stock ownership program (“ESOP”) debt bears interest at rates ranging from 8.6% fixed rate to approximately 89% of the London Interbank Offering Rate (“LIBOR”) or LIBOR plus 0.4% and is due in semi-annual and annual installments through 2009. Our various borrowing facilities and certain long-term debt instruments are subject to covenants. Our principal debt covenant is our debt to capital ratio, which cannot exceed 56.5%. If we exceed this ratio, repayment of debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility and $335.0 million of term debt could be accelerated. At March 31, 2004, this ratio was 22.3% and we were in compliance with all other covenants. Aggregate annual payments on long-term debt, including capital lease obligations, for the years ending March 31, are as follows: $274.8 million in 2005, $8.7 million in 2006, $27.2 million in 2007, $157.4 million in 2008, $8.0 million in 2009 and $1,008.5 million thereafter. 13. Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities At March 31, 2004 and 2003, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, receivables, drafts and accounts payable, and other liabilities approximated their estimated fair values because of the short maturity of these financial instruments. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our long-term debt were $1,484.6 million and $1,701.8 million at March 31, 2004 and $1,507.1 million and $1,678.0 million at March 31, 2003. The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was determined based on quoted market prices and may not be representative of actual values that could have been realized or that will be realized in the future. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations. We limit these risks through the use of derivatives such as interest rate swaps and forward contracts. In accordance with our policy, derivatives are only used for hedging purposes. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 71 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The net fair value of our derivatives was as follows: March 31, 2004 2003 Hedge (In millions) Designation Fair Value Maturity Fair Value Maturity Net asset (liability): Interest rate swaps Fair Value $ 6.4 2005 $ 11.5 2005 Foreign currency Various dates Various dates exchange contracts Fair Value (6.4 ) through 2008 (2.2 ) through 2006 Total $ — $ 9.3 14. Lease Obligations We lease facilities and equipment under both capital and operating leases. Net assets held under capital leases included in property, plant and equipment were $4.5 million and $5.5 million at March 31, 2004 and 2003. Future minimum lease payments and sublease rental income for years ending March 31 are: Non-cancelable Non-cancelable Operating Sublease (In millions) [COMPANY] Leases 2005 $ 84.7 $ 4.7 $ 1.5 2006 73.2 3.7 0.9 2007 59.4 2.6 0.3 2008 31.9 0.9 0.1 2009 23.6 0.5 — Thereafter 59.4 0.9 — Total minimum lease payments $ 332.2 $ 13.3 2.8 Less amounts representing interest (0.2 ) Present value of minimum lease payments $ 2.6 Rental expense was $111.0 million, $109.6 million and $110.1 million in 2004, 2003 and 2002. Most real property leases contain renewal options and provisions requiring us to pay property taxes and operating expenses in excess of base period amounts. 15. Pension Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits We maintain a number of qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution plans for eligible employees. In addition, we provide postretirement benefits, consisting of healthcare and life insurance benefits, for certain eligible employees. U.S. Plans Eligible U.S. employees who were employed by the Company prior to December 31, 1996 are covered under the Company-sponsored defined benefit retirement plan. In 1997, we amended this plan to freeze all plan benefits based on each employee’s plan compensation and creditable service accrued to that date. No annual contributions have been made by the Company since this plan was frozen. The benefits for this defined benefit retirement plan are based primarily on age of employees at date of retirement, years of service and employees’ pay during the five years prior to retirement. We also have nonqualified supplemental defined benefit plans for certain U.S. executives, which are non-funded. In addition to providing these retirement (“pension”) benefits, we provide postretirement healthcare and life insurance (“other postretirement”) benefits for certain eligible employees. 72 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The net periodic expense (income) for our U.S. pension plans is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 2002 Service cost—benefits earned during the year $ 2.5 $ 1.8 $ 2.2 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 24.2 23.8 23.7 Expected return on assets (23.2 ) (27.6 ) (35.6 ) Amortization of unrecognized loss and prior service costs 11.2 2.6 0.8 Immediate recognition of pension cost (gain) — 1.3 (1.0 ) Net periodic pension expense (income) $ 14.7 $ 1.9 $ (9.9 ) The projected unit credit method is utilized for measuring net periodic pension expense (income) over the employees’ service life for the U.S. pension plans. Unrecognized actuarial losses exceeding 10% of the projected benefit obligation and the market value of assets are amortized straight-line over the remaining future service periods. The net periodic expense for our U.S. postretirement benefits is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 2002 Service cost—benefits earned during the year $ 2.1 $ 1.3 $ 0.8 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 11.5 11.0 9.5 Amortization of unrecognized loss and prior service costs 23.3 16.7 8.2 Net periodic postretirement expense $ 36.9 $ 29.0 $ 18.5 Information regarding the changes in benefit obligations and plan assets for our U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit plans is as follows: Pension Other Postretirement (In millions) 2004 2003 2004 2003 Change in benefit obligations Benefit obligation at beginning of year $ 363.2 $ 331.9 $ 178.3 $ 160.7 Service cost 2.5 1.8 2.1 1.3 Interest cost 24.2 23.8 11.5 11.0 Amendments 1.3 — — — Actuarial losses 34.0 33.3 39.0 23.0 Benefit payments (26.7 ) (27.6 ) (17.5 ) (17.7 ) Benefit obligation at end of year $ 398.5 $ 363.2 $ 213.4 $ 178.3 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year $ 291.3 $ 346.8 $ — $ — Actual return (loss) on plan assets 60.7 (26.9 ) — — Employer contributions 4.1 4.3 17.5 17.7 Expenses paid (1.6 ) (5.3 ) — — Benefits paid (26.7 ) (27.6 ) (17.5 ) (17.7 ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year $ 327.8 $ 291.3 $ — $ — The accumulated benefit obligation for our U.S. pension plans was $393.2 million and $360.6 million at March 31, 2004 and 2003. In April 2004, we made several lump sum cash payments totaling $41.6 million from an unfunded U.S. pension plan. In accordance with SFAS No. 88, “Employers’ Accounting for Settlements and Curtailments of Defined Benefit Pension Plans and for Termination Benefits,” approximately $13 million in settlement charges associated with these payments will be expensed in the first quarter of 2005. 73 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) A reconciliation of the U.S. pension and other postretirement plans’ funded status to the net asset (liability) recognized is as follows: Pension Other Postretirement (In millions) 2004 2003 2004 2003 Funded status Funded status at end of year $ (70.7 ) $ (71.9 ) $ (213.4 ) $ (178.3 ) Unrecognized net actuarial loss 100.0 112.4 64.4 49.8 Unrecognized prior service cost 5.9 5.3 (3.3 ) (4.3 ) Prepaid (liability) benefit cost $ 35.2 $ 45.8 $ (152.3 ) $ (132.8 ) Net amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets Prepaid benefit cost $ 96.1 $ 98.1 $ — $ — Accrued benefit cost (94.0 ) (82.8 ) (152.3 ) (132.8 ) Intangible asset 5.9 5.2 — — Accumulated other comprehensive loss-net of tax of $10.3 and $8.6 16.8 16.7 — — Net asset (liability) $ 24.8 $ 37.2 $ (152.3 ) $ (132.8 ) Additional minimum liabilities were established to increase accrued benefit cost, totaling $33.0 million and $30.5 million at March 31, 2004 and 2003 for our U.S. unfunded pension plans. The additional minimum liabilities were partially offset by intangible assets of $5.9 million and $5.2 million and charged to other comprehensive loss included in the consolidated stockholders’ equity, net of tax. Projected benefit obligations relating to our unfunded U.S. pension plans were $99.3 million and $85.3 million at March 31, 2004 and 2003. [COMPANY] uses a December 31 measurement date for its U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Pension costs are funded based on the recommendations of independent actuaries and other postretirement benefits are funded as claims are paid. We expect contributions for our U.S. pension plans in 2005 to increase to approximately $46 million. Expected benefit payments for our U.S. pension and other postretirement plans are as follows: Other (In millions) Pension Postretirement 2005 $ 67.1 $ 19.3 2006 25.2 20.4 2007 24.9 21.1 2008 24.8 21.2 2009 24.8 21.1 2010 – 2014 125.9 101.1 Expected benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure the benefit obligations and include estimated future employee service. The weighted average asset allocations of the investment portfolio for our U.S. pension plans at December 31 and target allocations are as follows: Percentage of Fair Value of Total Plan Assets Target Assets Category Allocation 2003 2002 Domestic equity securities 44 % 44 % 42 % International equity securities 15 16 15 Fixed income 34 30 32 Other 7 10 11 Total 100 % 100 % 100 % 74 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) We develop our expected long-term rate of return assumption based on the historical experience of our portfolio and the review of projected returns by asset class on broad, publicly traded equity and fixed-income indices. Our target asset allocation was determined based on the risk tolerance characteristics of the plan and, at times, may be adjusted to achieve our overall investment objective. Weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit expenses (income) and the actuarial present value of benefit obligations were as follows: Years Ended March 31, 2004 2003 2002 Net periodic expense (income) Discount rates 6.75 % 7.25 % 7.50 % Rate of increase in compensation 4.0 4.0 4.0 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 8.25 8.25 9.75 Benefit obligation Discount rates 6.00 % 6.75 % 7.25 % Rate of increase in compensation 4.0 4.0 4.0 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 8.25 8.25 9.75 Actuarial losses for the postretirement benefit plan are amortized over a three-year period. The assumed healthcare cost trends used in measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation were 14% and 15% for prescription drugs, 15% and 11% for medical and 7% and 8% for dental in 2004 and 2003. The assumed combined healthcare cost trend was 11% in 2002. The healthcare cost trend rate assumption has a significant effect on the amounts reported. The table below presents the impact of a one-percentage-point increase and a one-percentage-point decrease in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate on the total service and interest cost components and on the postretirement benefit obligation: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 2002 One-percentage-point increase Effect on total service and interest cost components $ 1.2 $ 0.9 $ 0.7 Effect on postretirement benefit obligation 13.0 10.7 10.3 One-percentage-point decrease Effect on total service and interest cost components (1.0 ) (0.8 ) (0.6 ) Effect on postretirement benefit obligation (11.5 ) (9.5 ) (9.2 ) Other Defined Benefit Plans Under various U.S. bargaining unit labor contracts, we make payments into multi-employer pension plans established for union employees. We are liable for a proportionate part of the plans’ unfunded vested benefits liabilities upon our withdrawal from the plan, however information regarding the relative position of each employer with respect to the actuarial present value of accumulated benefits and net assets available for benefits is not available. Contributions to the plans and amounts accrued were not material as of and for the years ended March 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002. We also have defined benefit pension plans for eligible Canadian and United Kingdom employees. At March 31, 2004 and 2003, the fair value of assets for these plans amounted to $43.8 million and $30.8 million, and benefit obligations amounted to $63.9 million and $45.4 million. For the years ended March 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, pension expense for these plans was $4.9 million, $3.1 million and $1.6 million. Defined Contribution Plans We have a contributory profit sharing investment plan (“PSIP”) for U.S. employees not covered by collective bargaining arrangements. Eligible employees may contribute up to 20% of their compensation to an individual retirement savings account. [COMPANY] makes matching contributions equal to or greater than 50% of employee contributions, not to exceed 3% of employee compensation. An additional annual matching contribution may be 75 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) granted at the discretion of the [COMPANY] provides for the PSIP contributions with its common shares through its leveraged ESOP. The ESOP has purchased an aggregate of 24.3 million shares of the Company’s common stock since its inception. These purchases have been financed by 10 to 20-year loans from or guaranteed by us. The ESOP’s outstanding borrowings are reported as long-term debt of the Company and the related receivables from the ESOP are shown as a reduction of stockholders’ equity. The loans are repaid by the ESOP from interest earnings on cash balances and common dividends on shares not yet allocated to participants, common dividends on certain allocated shares and Company cash contributions. The ESOP loan maturities and rates are identical to the terms of related Company borrowings. Stock is made available from the ESOP based on debt service payments on ESOP borrowings. Contribution expense for the PSIP in 2004, 2003 and 2002 was all ESOP related. After-tax ESOP expense, including interest expense on ESOP debt, was $7.8 million, $7.9 million and $9.2 million in 2004, 2003 and 2002. Approximately 1.6 million, 1.7 million and 1.5 million shares of common stock were allocated to plan participants in 2004, 2003 and 2002. Through March 31, 2004, 20.8 million common shares have been allocated to plan participants, resulting in a balance of 3.5 million common shares in the ESOP which have not yet been allocated to plan participants. 16. Income Taxes The provision for income taxes related to continuing operations consists of the following: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 2002 Current Federal $ 157.4 $ 117.2 $ 76.4 State and local 25.3 21.1 4.4 Foreign 12.7 24.4 22.7 Total current 195.4 162.7 103.5 Deferred Federal 73.9 116.3 56.4 State and local 1.8 31.4 17.4 Foreign (6.2 ) (21.1 ) 3.0 Total deferred 69.5 126.6 76.8 Total income taxes $ 264.9 $ 289.3 $ 180.3 In 2004, we recorded a $23.2 million income tax benefit relating to favorable tax settlements with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and with various other taxing authorities. A large portion of this benefit, which was not previously recognized by the Company, resulted from the filing of amended tax returns by our subsidiary, [COMPANY] (formerly known as HBO & Company (“HBOC”)) for the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997. 76 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The reconciliation between the Company’s effective tax rate on income from continuing operations and the statutory tax rate follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 2002 Income taxes at federal statutory rate $ 319.0 $ 298.0 $ 210.7 State and local income taxes net of federal tax benefit 17.6 34.0 14.0 Tax settlements 6.6 6.6 20.7 Foreign tax rate differential (63.4 ) (50.0 ) (18.2 ) Dividends received from foreign investments 1.3 1.3 44.3 Dispositions of businesses — — (40.0 ) Foreign tax credit (0.6 ) (0.7 ) (47.0 ) Other—net (15.6 ) 0.1 (4.2 ) Total income taxes $ 264.9 $ 289.3 $ 180.3 Foreign pre-tax earnings were $199.7 million, $152.2 million and $125.1 million in 2004, 2003 and 2002. At March 31, 2004, undistributed earnings of our foreign operations totaling $406.8 million were considered to be permanently reinvested. No deferred tax liability has been recognized for the remittance of such earnings to the U.S. since it is our intention to utilize those earnings in the foreign operations as well as to fund certain research and development activities for an indefinite period of time, or to repatriate such earnings when it is tax efficient to do so. The determination of the amount of deferred taxes on these earnings is not practicable since the computation would depend on a number of factors that cannot be known until a decision to repatriate the earnings is made. Deferred tax balances consisted of the following: March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 Assets Receivable allowances $ 79.2 $ 119.4 Deferred revenue 176.9 119.4 Compensation and benefit-related accruals 110.8 86.6 Deferred compensation 68.4 79.3 Intangibles 51.3 55.1 Investment valuation 15.8 7.1 Loss and credit carryforwards 45.8 64.6 Other 65.7 53.0 Subtotal 613.9 584.5 Less: valuation allowance (20.4 ) (24.2 ) Total assets $ 593.5 $ 560.3 Liabilities Basis differences for inventory valuation and other assets $ (515.9 ) $ (455.8 ) Basis difference for fixed assets (47.4 ) (27.6 ) Systems development costs (115.5 ) (116.3 ) Retirement plans (13.8 ) (39.7 ) Other (57.0 ) (4.6 ) Total liabilities (749.6 ) (644.0 ) Net deferred tax liability $ (156.1 ) $ (83.7 ) Current net deferred tax liability $ (187.7 ) $ (82.9 ) Long term net deferred tax asset (liability) 31.6 (0.8 ) Net deferred tax liability $ (156.1 ) $ (83.7 ) 77 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) We have income tax net operating loss carryforwards related to our U.K. operations of approximately $78 million, which have an indefinite life. We also have state income tax net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $298 million which will expire at various dates from 2005 through 2024. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from these state net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a full valuation allowance of $20.4 million on the deferred tax assets relating to these state net operating loss carryforwards. If this valuation allowance is reversed in the future, approximately $12 million of the tax benefit realized will be credited to equity. 17. Financial Guarantees and [COMPANY] Guarantees We have agreements with certain of our customers’ financial institutions under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of inventory (primarily for our Canadian business) at a discount in the event these customers are unable to meet certain obligations to those financial institutions. Among other requirements, these inventories must be in resalable condition. We have also guaranteed loans, credit facilities and the payment of leases for some customers; and we are a secured lender for substantially all of these guarantees. Customer guarantees range from one to ten years and were primarily provided to facilitate financing for certain strategic customers. At March 31, 2004, the maximum amounts of inventory repurchase guarantees and other customer guarantees were $169.1 million and $57.9 million of which a nominal amount had been accrued. In 2004, a [COMPANY] customer filed for bankruptcy. Accordingly, we reviewed all amounts owed to us from this customer as well as financial guarantees provided to third parties in favor of this customer, and as a result, we increased our provision for doubtful accounts by $30.0 million. On April 21, 2004, we converted a $40.0 million credit facility guarantee in favor of this customer to a note receivable due from this customer. This secured note bears interest and is repayable in 2007. In conjunction with this modification, an inventory repurchase guarantee in favor of this customer for approximately $12 million has been terminated. At March 31, 2004, we had commitments of $12.4 million, primarily consisting of the purchase of services from our equity-held investments, for which no amounts had been accrued. The expirations of the above noted financial guarantees and commitments are as follows: $78.7 million, $27.7 million, $7.0 million, $1.9 million and $1.6 million from 2005 through 2009, and $122.5 million thereafter. In addition, our banks and insurance companies have issued $65.4 million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds on our behalf in order to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations, and our workers’ compensation and automotive liability programs. Our software license agreements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if our software products infringe on a third party’s intellectual property rights. To date, we have not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnification agreements and have not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations. In conjunction with certain transactions, primarily divestitures, we may provide routine indemnification agreements (such as retention of previously existing environmental, tax and employee liabilities) whose terms vary in duration and often are not explicitly defined. Where appropriate, obligations for such indemnifications are recorded as liabilities. Because the amounts of these indemnification obligations often are not explicitly stated, the overall maximum amount of these commitments cannot be reasonably estimated. Other than obligations recorded as liabilities at the time of divestiture, we have historically not made significant payments as a result of these indemnification provisions. Warranties In the normal course of business, we provide certain warranties and indemnification protection for our products and services. For example, we provide warranties that the pharmaceutical and medical-surgical products we distribute are in compliance with the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other applicable laws and regulations. We have received the same warranties from our suppliers, which customarily are the manufacturers of the products. In 78 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) addition, we have indemnity obligations to our customers for these products, which have also been provided to us from our suppliers, either through express agreement or by operation of law. We also provide warranties regarding the performance of software and automation products we sell. Our liability under these warranties is to bring the product into compliance with previously agreed upon specifications. For software products, this may result in additional project costs which are reflected in our estimates used for the percentage-of-completion method of accounting for software installation services within these contracts. In addition, most of our customers who purchase our software and automation products also purchase annual maintenance agreements. Revenue from these maintenance agreements is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period and the cost of servicing product warranties is charged to expense when claims become estimable. Accrued warranty costs were not material to the consolidated balance sheets. 18. Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities I. Accounting Litigation Since the announcements by the Company in April, May and July of 1999 that it had determined that certain software sales transactions in its [COMPANY] segment, formerly HBO & Company (“HBOC”) and now known as [COMPANY], Inc., were improperly recorded as revenue and reversed, as of March 31, 2004, ninety-one lawsuits have been filed against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain of Apex Health Distribution’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and other defendants, including Bear Stearns & [COMPANY]. (“Bear Stearns”) and [COMPANY] (“Arthur Andersen”). Federal Actions Sixty-seven of the above mentioned actions have been filed in Federal Court (the “Federal Actions”). All of the undismissed Federal Actions are pending before the Honorable Ronald M. Whyte of the United States District Court (the “Court”) for the Northern District of California. Federal Actions filed as class actions (excluding the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (commonly known as “ERISA”) actions discussed below) have been consolidated into a single action before Judge Whyte under the caption In re Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. Securities Litigation (Case No. C-99-20743 RMW) (the “Consolidated Action”). As discussed below, some individual Federal Actions are also pending before Judge Whyte. By order dated December 22, 1999, Judge Whyte appointed the New York State Common Retirement Fund as lead plaintiff (“Lead Plaintiff”) in the Consolidated Action and approved Lead Plaintiff’s choice of counsel. After the filing of three consolidated complaints and multiple motions by multiple defendants challenging the sufficiency of those complaints, the pleadings in the case have been set with respect to Apex Health Distribution and HBOC (motions for reconsideration of prior dismissal orders issued by Judge Whyte have been filed by Arthur Andersen and Bear Stearns and remain pending). The operative complaint in the Consolidated Action is Lead Plaintiff’s Third Amended and Consolidated Class Action Complaint (“TAC”), filed on February 15, 2002. The TAC asserts claims against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC under Sections 10(b) and 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) in connection with the events leading to Apex Health Distribution’s announcements in April, May and July 1999, and names Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain of Apex Health Distribution’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, Arthur Andersen and Bear Stearns as defendants. The Section 10(b) claim alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC intentionally misstated the financial statements of HBOC or Apex Health Distribution during the class period. The Section 14(a) claim alleges that the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus issued in connection with a Apex Health Distribution subsidiary and HBOC merger (the “Merger”) contained material misstatements or omissions and that Apex Health Distribution was negligent in issuing the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus with those misstatements. The TAC seeks unspecified damages and attorneys’ fees. By order dated January 6, 2003, Judge Whyte dismissed with prejudice the claim against the Company under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act to the extent that claim was based on Apex Health Distribution’s conduct or statements prior to the January 12, 1999 merger transaction with HBOC, denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the claim against the Company under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and ordered the Company to answer the TAC. Following the Court’s January 6, 2003 orders, the following claims remained against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC: (i) a claim against HBOC under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act; (ii) a claim against Apex Health Distribution under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act with respect to post-Merger conduct only; and (iii) a Section 14(a) claim against Apex Health Distribution, as described in the Court’s January 6, 2003 order. [COMPANY] and HBOC filed answers to the TAC on March 7, 79 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 2003, denying that the Company or HBOC had violated Section 10(b) or Section 14(a) or that they had any liability to the alleged plaintiff class. On March 7, 2003, Lead Plaintiff filed a motion for class certification seeking to certify a class consisting of (i) all persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded securities of HBOC during the period from January 20, 1997, through and including January 12, 1999, (ii) all persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded securities or call options, or who sold put options, of Apex Health Distribution during the period from October 18, 1998 through and including April 27, 1999, and (iii) all persons and entities who held Apex Health Distribution common stock on November 27, 1998 and still held those shares on January 12, 1999. Lead Plaintiff seeks an order appointing three representatives of this proposed class: (i) the Lead Plaintiff; (ii) City of Miami Beach General Employees Retirement Trust; and (iii) an individual investor named Donald Chiert. The hearing on class certification was held on March 12, 2004. Judge Whyte has not yet ruled on the motion for class certification. Apex Health Distribution and HBOC have commenced the production of documents in the Consolidated Action and, pursuant to pretrial orders, merits depositions have begun. A trial is scheduled to commence on September 12, 2005. On January 11, 2001, Apex Health Distribution filed an action in the Court for the Northern District of California against the Lead Plaintiff in the Consolidated Action individually, and as a representative of a defendant class of former HBOC shareholders who exchanged HBOC shares for Company shares in the January 12, 1999 Merger, Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. v. New York State Common Retirement Fund, Inc. et al. (Case No. C01-20021 RMW) (the “Complaint and Counterclaim”). In the Complaint and Counterclaim, the Company alleged that the exchanged HBOC shares were artificially inflated due to undisclosed accounting improprieties, and that the exchange ratio therefore provided more shares to former HBOC shareholders than would have otherwise been the case. In this action, the Company sought to recover the “unjust enrichment” received by those HBOC shareholders who exchanged more than 20,000 HBOC shares in the [COMPANY] did not allege any wrongdoing by these shareholders. On January 9, 2002, Judge Whyte dismissed the Complaint and Counterclaim with prejudice. [COMPANY] appealed this ruling to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (“Ninth Circuit”). On August 13, 2003, the Ninth Circuit affirmed Judge Whyte’s January 9, 2002, order dismissing the Complaint and Counterclaim. By order dated February 7, 2000, Judge Whyte coordinated with the Consolidated Action a class action alleging claims under ERISA, Chang v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. C-00-20030 RMW), and a shareholder derivative action that had been filed in the Northern District of California under the caption Cohen v. McCall et al. (Case No. C-99-20916 RMW) with the Consolidated Action. There has been no further significant activity in the Cohen action. By stipulated order dated April 30, 2003, no defendant or nominal defendant is required to respond to the complaint until notified by the plaintiff in writing with thirty days notice or upon further order of the Court. Recent developments in the Chang action are discussed below. Several individual actions have also been filed in, or transferred to, the Northern District of California. On November 12, 1999, an individual shareholder action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Jacobs v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (C-99-21192 RMW). The Plaintiffs in Jacobs are former HBOC shareholders who acquired their HBOC shares pursuant to a registration statement issued by HBOC prior to the Merger, and then exchanged their HBOC shares for Apex Health Distribution shares in the Merger. Plaintiffs in Jacobs assert claims under federal and state securities laws and a claim for common law fraud. Plaintiffs seek unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. Judge Whyte’s December 22, 1999, order consolidated the Jacobs action with the Consolidated Action. With leave of the Court, the Jacobs plaintiffs amended their complaint, but the action remains stayed. On September 21, 2000 the plaintiffs in Jacobs v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. filed a new individual action entitled Jacobs v. HBO & Company (Case No. C-00-20974 RMW). The Jacobs complaint names only HBOC as a defendant and asserts claims under Sections 11 and 12(2) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and various state law causes of action. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. This action has been assigned to Judge Whyte and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. On December 16, 1999, an individual action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Bea v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al . (Case No. C-00-20072 RMW). Plaintiffs in Bea filed an Amended Complaint on March 9, 2000. Plaintiffs in Bea allege that they acquired the Company’s common stock prior to the Merger and sold that stock after the April 1999 announcement at a loss. The Bea complaint asserts claims under the federal and state securities laws, and a claim for fraud. Plaintiffs seek (i) unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and (ii) reasonable costs and expenses of suit, including attorneys’ fees. Bea is currently stayed and has been consolidated with the Consolidated Action. 80 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) On January 7, 2000, an individual action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California under the caption Cater v. Apex Health Distribution et al. (Case No. C-00-20327 RMW). The plaintiff is Terry Cater, a former employee of the Company who alleges that his options and restricted stock were substantially devalued as a result of the Merger and the subsequent drop in the Company’s stock price. Plaintiff in Cater asserts claims under the federal securities laws as well as claims for breach of good faith and fair dealing, fraud and negligent misrepresentation. Plaintiff seeks (i) unspecified special damages in excess of $50,000, (ii) unspecified general damages, (iii) prejudgment interest and (iv) reasonable attorneys’ fees. The case has been assigned to Judge Whyte and the parties stipulated to a stay pending the outcome of the motions to dismiss in the Consolidated Action. On February 7, 2000, an action entitled Baker v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (Case No. CV 00-0188) was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana. The same plaintiffs then filed a virtually identical parallel action in Louisiana State Court, Rapides Parish, under the caption Baker v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al (filed as Case No. 199018; Case No. CV-00-0522 after removal to federal court). Plaintiffs, former shareholders of [COMPANY], allege claims under the federal securities laws, and claims for breach of fiduciary duty, misrepresentation and detrimental reliance. The state court action was removed to federal court and the two Baker cases have been transferred to the Northern District of California and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. On June 17, 2003, plaintiffs in the Baker cases filed a Second Amended Complaint (“SAC”) against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, various current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, Arthur Andersen and Bear Stearns. The SAC asserts claims against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, for common law breach of fiduciary duty (Apex Health Distribution only), misrepresentation, and detrimental reliance. The SAC seeks damages in an unspecified amount. By stipulation of the parties and order of the Court, the Baker action is stayed and the defendants are not currently required to respond to the SAC. On July 27, 2001, an action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California captioned Pacha, et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., et al. (Case No. C01-20713 PVT). The Pacha plaintiffs allege that they were individual stockholders of Apex Health Distribution stock on November 27, 1998, and assert that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC violated Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and that Apex Health Distribution, aided by HBOC, breached its fiduciary duties to plaintiffs by issuing a joint proxy statement in connection with the Merger which allegedly contained false and misleading statements or omissions. Plaintiffs name as defendants Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, Bear Stearns and Arthur Andersen. The Pacha complaint seeks an award of compensatory and punitive damages in an unspecified amount and costs and expenses incurred in the action including reasonable attorneys’ fees. On November 13, 2001, Judge Whyte ordered Pacha consolidated with the Consolidated Action and stayed all further proceedings. Hess v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. , an action filed in state court in Arizona (Case No. C-20003862) on behalf of former shareholders of [COMPANY] (“Ephrata”) who acquired Apex Health Distribution shares in exchange for their Ephrata stock when Apex Health Distribution acquired Ephrata in January 1999, was removed to federal court, transferred to the Northern District of California and consolidated with the Consolidated Action. Judge Whyte also stayed all further proceedings in Hess except for the filing of an amended complaint, which was filed on or about December 15, 2001 (the “Hess Amended Complaint”). The Hess Amended Complaint generally incorporates the allegations and claims asserted in the Consolidated Action and also includes various common law causes of action relating to Apex Health Distribution’s acquisition of Ephrata. The Hess Amended Complaint seeks compensatory, punitive, general and special damages in an unspecified amount, rescission of the agreement with Ephrata, attorneys’ fees and costs. [COMPANY] is not currently required to respond to the Hess Amended Complaint. On June 28, 2001, the Chang plaintiffs filed an amended ERISA class action complaint against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, and The Chase Manhattan Bank (“Chase”). The amended complaint in Chang generally alleged that the defendants breached their ERISA fiduciary duties in connection with administering the Apex Health Distribution HBOC Profit Sharing Investment Plan (the “PSI Plan”) and the HBOC Profit Sharing and Savings Plan (the “HBOC Plan”). Plaintiffs in Chang are former employees of Apex Health Distribution and participants in the PSI Plan, and purportedly seek relief under sections 404-405, 409 and 502 of ERISA on behalf of a class defined to include participants in the PSI Plan, including participants under the HBOC Plan, who maintained an account balance under the PSI Plan as of April 27, 1999, who had not received a distribution from the PSI Plan as of April 27, 1999, and who suffered losses as a result of the alleged breaches of duty. 81 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) On February 7, 2002, a related ERISA class action was filed in the Court for the Northern District of California captioned Adams v. [COMPANY], Inc. et al. (Case No. C-02-06 85 JCS). Plaintiff in Adams filed a first amended complaint on March 15, 2002, against HBOC, Apex Health Distribution, the HBO & Company Board of Directors, HBO & Company Profit Sharing and Savings Plan Administrative Committee, HBO & Company Profit Sharing and Savings Plan Investment Committee, Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. Profit Sharing Investment Plan (as a nominal defendant only), and certain current or former officers, directors or employees of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC. Plaintiff alleges that he was a participant in the HBOC Plan and generally alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their ERISA fiduciary duties to the HBOC Plan and its participants or engaged in transactions prohibited by ERISA. Plaintiff asserts his claims on behalf of a putative class defined to include all participants in the HBOC Plan and their beneficiaries for whose benefit the HBOC Plan acquired HBOC stock from March 31, 1996 to April 1, 1999. Plaintiff seeks (i) a judgment that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their fiduciary duties, (ii) an order requiring defendants to restore to the plan all losses caused by these purported breaches of fiduciary duty, and (iii) reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses. On June 3, 2002, Judge Whyte consolidated the Adams ERISA class action with the Chang ERISA class action. By order dated September 30, 2002 Judge Whyte dismissed the First Amended Complaint in the Chang action. Judge Whyte granted plaintiffs in Chang and Adams leave to file a consolidated and amended complaint under the caption In re Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. ERISA Litigation (Northern District of California No. C-02-0685 RMW) (the “ERISA Action”). On December 31, 2002, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint (the “CAC”) in the ERISA Action. The CAC generally alleges that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC breached their fiduciary duties under ERISA, and that HBOC engaged in transactions prohibited by ERISA. Plaintiffs further allege that Apex Health Distribution and HBOC are liable under principles of respondeat superior and agency for alleged breaches of fiduciary duties by other defendants. The CAC seeks to have the defendants restore to the HBOC Plan and Apex Health Distribution Plan losses allegedly caused by their alleged breaches of fiduciary duty, equitable relief, attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses. On February 28, 2003, Apex Health Distribution filed a motion to dismiss the CAC and HBOC filed motions to dismiss portions of the CAC. Judge Whyte has not yet issued a ruling on these motions. State Actions Twenty-four actions have also been filed in various state courts in California, Colorado, Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana and Pennsylvania (the “State Actions”). Like the Consolidated Action, the State Actions generally allege misconduct by Apex Health Distribution or HBOC (and others) in connection with the events leading to Apex Health Distribution’s decision to restate HBOC’s financial statements. Two of the State Actions are shareholder derivative actions: Ash, et al. v. McCall, et al. , (Case No. 17132), filed in the Delaware Chancery Court and Mitchell v. McCall et al. (Case. No. 304415), filed in California Superior Court, City and County of Midland, [COMPANY] is named as a nominal defendant only as no relief is sought against it in these actions. Plaintiffs in Mitchell agreed to defer any action by the court on Apex Health Distribution’s motions pending resolution of Apex Health Distribution’s dismissal motion in Ash. On September 15, 2000, in the Ash case, the Court of Chancery dismissed all causes of action with leave to re-plead certain of the dismissed claims, and on January 22, 2001, the Ash plaintiffs filed a Third Amended Complaint. On October 30, 2003, the Court granted the plaintiffs leave to file a Fourth Amended Complaint and changed the caption of the case to Saito, et. al. v. McCall (Civil Action No. 17132). On December 15, 2003, the defendants filed motions to dismiss the Fourth Amended Complaint. A hearing has been scheduled for May 18, 2004, to consider the defendants’ motions to dismiss. Five of the State Actions are class actions. Three of these were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery: Derdiger v. Tallman et al. (Civil Action No. 17276), Carroll v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 17454) and Kelly v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Civil Action No. 17282). Two additional actions were filed in the Delaware Superior Court: Edmondson v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 99-951) and Caravetta v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. (Civil Action No. 00C-04-214 WTQ). The Carroll and Kelly actions have been voluntarily dismissed without prejudice. Apex Health Distribution removed Edmondson to federal court in Delaware and filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted by the federal court on March 5, 2002. Apex Health Distribution filed motions to stay the Derdiger and Caravetta actions in favor of proceedings in the federal Consolidated Action, which were granted. On December 20, 2001, the plaintiff in Derdiger moved to vacate the stay of that action. In a series of rulings dated September 9, 2002, October 11, 2002 and October 18, 2002, the court denied plaintiff’s motion to vacate the stay with respect to any class claims but granted plaintiff leave to proceed with his individual claims. Thereafter, the plaintiff filed a motion for partial summary judgment, and the former directors of Access Health, Inc., who are also defendants, filed a motion to dismiss the claims asserted against them. The parties have asked the court to defer consideration of those motions 82 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) while they pursue settlement discussions. On August 4, 2003, the court issued an order dismissing the class action claims brought on behalf of persons other than the named plaintiff Howard Derdiger without prejudice in favor of the prior pending Consolidated Action pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The parties thereafter dismissed plaintiff Howard Derdiger’s individual claims with prejudice pursuant to a settlement. Several of the State Actions are individual actions which have been filed in various state courts. Five of these were filed in the California Superior Court, City and County of Midland, Kansas: Yurick v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 303857), The State of Oregon by and through the Oregon Public Employees Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 307619), Utah State Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311269), Minnesota State Board of Investment v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311747), and Merrill Lynch Fundamental Growth Fund et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. CGC-02-405792). Oregon, Utah, and Minnesota and Merrill Lynch have been consolidated before the Honorable Donald S. Mitchell under the Oregon caption. In Yurick, the trial court sustained Apex Health Distribution’s demurrer to the original complaint without leave to amend with respect to all causes of action except plaintiffs’ claims for common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation, which remain in the case. The complaint in Yurick seeks compensatory, general, special, punitive and consequential damages in an unspecified amount, prejudgment interest, costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees. On December 27, 2002, the Yurick action was assigned to Judge Mitchell, the presiding judge in the Oregon, Minnesota, Utah and Merrill Lynch actions. The Oregon, Utah and Minnesota actions referenced above are individual securities actions filed in the California Superior Court for the City and County of Midland, Kansas by the out-of-state pension funds for each of those States and Colorado. On October 16, 2002, after motion practice to challenge the sufficiency of the complaints in Utah, Minnesota and Oregon, which resulted in the dismissal of a number of claims that had been asserted against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC, and the consolidation of those actions under the caption The State of Oregon Public Employees Retirement Board v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Master File No. 307619), plaintiffs in Oregon, Minnesota and Utah filed a consolidated and amended complaint (the “CAAC”) which consolidated the remaining claims in those actions. On October 11, 2002, plaintiffs in Merrill Lynch filed an amended complaint in the Merrill Lynch action. On March 13, 2003, Judge Mitchell overruled Apex Health Distribution’s and HBOC’s demurrers to and motions to strike the CAAC in Oregon, Minnesota and Utah. On the same date, Judge Mitchell sustained in part and overruled in part Apex Health Distribution’s and HBOC’s demurrers, and denied Apex Health Distribution’s and HBOC’s motions to strike the amended complaint in Merrill Lynch. Following those orders, the following claims remain against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC in the consolidated Oregon action: (i) under California law, for violation of California Corporations Code § 25000/25400, for violation of California Business and Professions Code § 17200 (against HBOC only), and for common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation, and (ii) under Georgia law, claims for conspiracy under Georgia’s RICO statute, and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy, and aiding and abetting. The CAAC seeks compensatory, general, punitive and special damages, pre-judgment interest, post-judgment interest and reasonable attorneys’ fees. Following the Court’s March 13, 2003, orders and the Court’s June 18, 2003, order granting the plaintiffs’ motion for reconsideration, the following claims remain against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC in the Merrill Lynch action: (i) under California law, for violation of California Corporations Code § 25000/25400, for violation of California Business and Professions Code § 17200 (against HBOC only), and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy and aiding and abetting, (ii) under New Jersey law, for violation of New Jersey’s RICO statute and conspiracy to violate New Jersey’s RICO statute, and (iii) under Georgia law, for violation of Georgia’s securities laws and violation of Georgia’s RICO statutes. On June 27, 2003, plaintiffs in the Merrill Lynch action filed a Third Amended Complaint (the “TAAC”) against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, various current or former officers or directors of Apex Health Distribution or HBOC, and Arthur Andersen. Like the prior complaints in the Merrill Lynch action, the TAAC generally alleges that the defendants are liable under various statutory and common law claims in connection with the events leading to Apex Health Distribution’s announcements in April, May and July of 1999. The TAAC asserts claims against Apex Health Distribution and HBOC under California Corporations Code § 25400(d)/25500, California Business and Profession Code § 17200 (HBOC only), common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy and aiding and abetting, New Jersey RICO (Apex Health Distribution only), conspiracy to violate New Jersey RICO, Georgia’s securities laws, and conspiracy to violate Georgia RICO. 83 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The TAAC seeks an award of restitution, compensatory damages and treble damages in an unspecified amount, and costs and expenses of litigation, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees. On July 25, 2003, Apex Health Distribution and HBOC answered the Consolidated Complaint in Oregon, Minnesota and Utah, generally denying the allegations and any liability to plaintiffs. Also on July 25, 2003, Apex Health Distribution filed cross-claims against all plaintiffs named in the Consolidated Complaint, alleging that if such parties exchanged HBOC shares in the Merger that were artificially inflated, as alleged by those parties in the Consolidated Complaint, then the exchange ratio for the Merger provided more shares to plaintiffs than would have otherwise been the case, and more shares than was just. [COMPANY]’s cross-claims against the plaintiffs seek judgments requiring plaintiffs to disgorge to the Company any “unjust enrichment.” On January 9, 2004, the court heard arguments on plaintiffs’ motion to dismiss Apex Health Distribution’s cross-claims. The court has not yet issued a ruling on that motion. On September 26, 2003 the Merrill Lynch Plaintiffs filed a Fourth Amended Complaint (the “FAC”). The FAC adds Bear Stearns, [COMPANY], Inc. (“GECC”), [COMPANY] International, Inc. (“CAI”), and [COMPANY]. (“WebMD”) as defendants. The claims against GECC allege that GECC aided and abetted the alleged fraud at HBOC, conspired to commit fraud and made negligent misrepresentations. On December 30, 2003, Apex Health Distribution and HBOC answered the FAC, generally denying the allegations and any liability to plaintiffs. Judge Mitchell has scheduled a trial date of November 28, 2005, in the consolidated Oregon, Minnesota, Utah and Merrill Lynch actions. Several individual actions have been filed in various state courts outside of California. Several of these cases have been filed in Georgia state courts. On October 24, 2000, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned [COMPANY] Limited Partnership et al. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 00VS010469A). Plaintiffs in the Suffolk action allegedly purchased the Company’s common stock after the Merger but before the April 1999 announcement. Plaintiffs assert claims under Georgia’s securities and racketeering laws, and for common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, conspiracy, and aiding and abetting. The Suffolk action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, and certain of the Company’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and Arthur Andersen. Like the Consolidated Action, the claims in the Suffolk action generally arise out of the January 12, 1999 Merger, and the Company’s announcement of the need to restate its financial statements. Plaintiffs seek (i) compensatory damages of approximately $22 million, as well as general, rescissory, special, punitive, exemplary, and with respect to certain causes of action, treble damages, and (ii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees. [COMPANY] and HBOC separately answered the complaint on January 9, 2001. [COMPANY] and HBOC moved for an order staying the Suffolk action in favor of the Consolidated Action on January 10, 2001. On August 2, 2001, the Court granted the motions to stay. Subsequently, however, in May 2003, the Court lifted the stay and directed the parties to coordinate discovery with that in the Consolidated Action and several other actions. Following the lifting of the stay, all Defendants filed motions to dismiss on various grounds, all of which were denied, except as to Defendant Pulido, whom Plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed. Discovery is now proceeding in coordination with the Consolidated Action. On November 1, 2000, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned [COMPANY], L.P. v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 00 VS 010801). Plaintiff in the Curran action allegedly purchased the Company’s common stock after the Merger but before the April 1999 announcement. The claims in the Curran action are identical to the claims in the Suffolk action. Plaintiff seeks (i) compensatory damages of approximately $3 million, as well as general, rescissory, special, punitive, exemplary, and with respect to certain causes of action, treble damages, and (ii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees. The Curran action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, and certain of the Company’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and [COMPANY] and HBOC separately answered the Complaint on January 9, 2001. [COMPANY] and HBOC moved for an order staying the Curran action in favor of the Consolidated Action on January 10, 2001. The Court granted the motions to stay on August 22, 2001. However, in September 2003, the court lifted the stay and transferred the action to the judge presiding over the previously-reported action captioned [COMPANY]. et al v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al , (Georgia State Court, Fulton County No. 00VS010469A). Discovery is now proceeding in coordination with the Consolidated Action. On December 12, 2001, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, captioned Drake v. [COMPANY]., et al. (Case No. 01VS026303A). Plaintiff in Drake is a former HBOC employee seeking lost commissions as well as asserting claims under Georgia’s securities and racketeering laws, and various common law causes of action. Plaintiff seeks (i) approximately $300,000 in unpaid commissions, (ii) unspecified compensatory, 84 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) consequential, actual, exemplary, and punitive damages, and (iii) prejudgment and post-judgment interest and costs of suit, including reasonable attorneys’ fees. The Drake action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. The parties entered into a Consent Order for Partial Stay on February 27, 2002, which stayed Plaintiff’s Georgia securities law, fraud and RICO claims. On March 4, 2002, Apex Health Distribution and [COMPANY]. separately filed their answers. Following discovery, the case was settled and Plaintiff filed a dismissal with prejudice on March 5, 2004. Two similar Georgia actions have been consolidated for purposes of discovery and may be consolidated for purposes of trial. On January 31, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia Superior Court, Fulton County, under the caption Holcombe T. Green and [COMPANY]. v. Apex Health Distribution, Inc. et al. (Case No. 2002-CV-48407). Plaintiffs in the Green action are former HBOC shareholders. Plaintiff Holcombe Green was also a former officer, chairman and director of HBOC. On February 6, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia Superior Court, Fulton County, under the caption [COMPANY], L.P. v. Apex Health Distribution, Inc. et al. (Case No. 2002-CV-48612). Plaintiff in the Hall action is a former HBOC shareholder. One of the limited partners of the Hall Plaintiff is Nancy Hall Green, the wife of Holcombe Green. The complaints in the Green and Hall actions are substantially identical. In each action, Plaintiffs asserted claims for common law fraud and fraudulent conveyance and named as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. In each action, plaintiffs seek compensatory damages in excess of $100 million, as well as unspecified general, special and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. [COMPANY] and HBOC filed their respective answers and counterclaims on April 22, 2002. HBOC also filed a third party complaint against Holcombe Green for indemnification. [COMPANY] and HBOC also filed motions to stay and dismiss. The Court denied the motions to stay, and partially granted the motions to dismiss, dismissing Plaintiffs’ claims for fraudulent conveyance. Plaintiffs moved to dismiss the counterclaims filed by the Company and HBOC, and the Court denied those motions. Discovery is under way and will proceed for some time. The trial court granted Plaintiffs’ motion to compel the production of certain work product materials, and the Georgia Court of Appeals affirmed. [COMPANY] has filed a petition for discretionary review in the Georgia Supreme Court, and Plaintiffs have filed an opposition to that petition. On May 8, 2002, an action was filed in Georgia State Court, Fulton County, under the caption James Gilbert v. Apex Health Distribution, et al. (Case No. 02VS032502C). Plaintiff, formerly the general counsel of HBOC, alleges he was a holder of options to purchase shares of the Company’s stock. The action names as defendants the Company, HBOC, Albert Bergonzi and Jay Gilbertson. Plaintiff seeks compensatory damages of approximately $2 million, as well as unspecified general, special and punitive damages, and costs of suit, including attorneys’ fees. On June 24, 2002, the Company and HBOC filed their respective answers, motions to stay, and motions to dismiss. On November 26, 2002, the court granted the motions to stay, and this case is stayed until final disposition of the Consolidated Action. The United States Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of California (“USAO”) and the SEC are conducting investigations into the matters leading to the restatement. On May 15, 2000, the USAO filed a one-count information against former HBOC officer, Dominick DeRosa, charging Mr. DeRosa with aiding and abetting securities fraud, and on May 15, 2000, Mr. DeRosa entered a guilty plea to that charge. On September 28, 2000, an indictment was unsealed in the Northern District of California against former HBOC officer, Jay P. Gilbertson, and former Company and HBOC officer, Albert J. Bergonzi, United States v. Bergonzi, et al. (Case No. CR-00-0505). On that same date, a civil complaint was filed by the SEC against [EXECUTIVE], [EXECUTIVE] and Mr. DeRosa Securities and Exchange Commission v. Gilbertson, et al. (Case No. C-00-3570). Mr. DeRosa has settled with the SEC without admitting or denying the substantive allegations of the complaint. On January 10, 2001, the grand jury returned a superseding indictment in the Northern District of California against Messrs. Gilbertson and Bergonzi, United States v. Bergonzi, et al. (Case No. CR-00-0505), and on June 4, 2003, a second superseding indictment was unsealed which added new charges against [EXECUTIVE] and which also charged both former Chairman of the Board of HBOC and the Company, Charles W. McCall, and former HBOC General Counsel, Jay Lapine, with various securities law violations. Also on June 4, 2003, the USAO announced the filing of agreements with Messrs. Gilbertson, DeRosa and former HBOC Senior Vice President for Finance, Timothy Heyerdahl, to plead guilty to various securities law violations (Case Nos. CR-00-0505, CR-00-0213 and CR-01-0002, respectively). The USAO has informed the Company that it is not now nor has it ever been a subject or target of the USAO’s investigation. On September 27, 2001, the SEC filed securities fraud charges against six former HBOC officers and employees including Messrs. Heyerdahl and Lapine. Simultaneous with the filing of the Commission’s civil complaints, four of the six defendants settled the claims brought against them by, among other things, consenting, without admitting or denying the allegations of the complaints, to entry of permanent injunctions against all of the 85 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) alleged violations, and agreed to pay civil penalties in various amounts. On June 4, 2003, the SEC filed a civil complaint against Mr. McCall for various securities law violations (Case No. C-03-2603). On January 3, 2002, the Company was notified in writing by the SEC that its investigation has been terminated as to the Company, and that no enforcement action has been recommended to the Commission. On April 24, 2003, Gilbertson entered into a written plea agreement with the USAO in which he pled guilty to conspiracy to commit securities fraud and making false statements in a document filed with the SEC. On October 16, 2003, Bergonzi entered into a written plea agreement with the USAO in which he pled guilty to securities fraud and conspiracy to commit securities fraud. On March 30, 2004, the USAO filed a three count indictment against former Apex Health Distribution Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer, Richard H. Hawkins, charging him with conspiracy to commit securities and wire fraud, securities fraud, and making false statements to an accountant. On March 31, 2004, [EXECUTIVE] pled not guilty to the charges. We do not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of the accounting litigation proceedings, or to estimate the amounts of, or potential range of, loss with respect to those proceedings. In addition, the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company, which could have a material adverse impact on Apex Health Distribution’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. II. Other Litigation and Claims In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for product liability and other damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. These include: Product Liability Litigation and Other Claims Our subsidiary, [COMPANY]., is one of many defendants in approximately 24 cases in which plaintiffs claim they were injured due to exposure, over many years, to latex proteins in gloves manufactured by numerous manufacturers and distributed by a number of distributors, including [COMPANY]. Efforts to resolve tenders of defense to its suppliers are continuing and final agreements have been reached with two major suppliers. [COMPANY].’s insurers are providing some coverage for these cases, subject to applicable deductibles. We, along with more than 100 other companies, have been named in a lawsuit brought in 2000 by the Lemelson Medical, Educational & Research Foundation (the “Foundation”) alleging that we and our subsidiaries are infringing seven (7) U.S. patents relating to common bar code scanning technology and its use for the automated management and control of product inventory, warehousing, distribution and point-of-sale transactions. Due to the pendency of earlier litigation brought against the Foundation by the manufacturers of bar code devices attacking the validity of the patents at issue, the court stayed the suit against us until the conclusion of the earlier case, including any appeals that may be taken. The trial in this earlier case concluded in January 2003 and the court subsequently ruled that each of the patents at issue was invalid due to prosecutorial laches. An appeal by the Foundation to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals is anticipated. While the suit against the Company was stayed, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office granted petitions for reexamination of three of the seven patents asserted by the Foundation against the Company. The reexamination will determine, among other things, whether these patents have expired. Each of the remaining four patents in the action has already expired by its own terms, or by the Foundation disclaiming the remaining portion of the patent’s life. We, through our former [COMPANY] division, are named in approximately 66 cases involving the alleged distribution of asbestos. These cases typically involve multiple plaintiffs claiming personal injuries and unspecified compensatory and punitive damages as a result of exposure to asbestos-containing materials. Pursuant to an indemnification agreement signed at the time of the 1986 sale of [COMPANY] to what is now called [COMPANY]. (“Univar”), we have tendered each of these actions to Univar. Univar is currently defending us but has raised questions concerning the extent of its obligations under the indemnification agreement. Discussions with Univar on that subject are ongoing. We have not paid or incurred any costs or expenses in connection with these actions to date; and we continue to look to Univar for defense and full 86 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) indemnification of these claims. In addition, we believe that, if necessary, a portion of these claims would be covered by insurance. On January 21, 2004, [COMPANY] (“AmerisourceBergen”) filed a bid protest and a request for injunctive relief, [COMPANY] vs. U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs (Action No. 04-00063), in the United States Court of Federal Claims in connection with the December 31, 2003 award by the United States Department of Veteran Affairs (the “VA”) of Prime Vendor status to the Company for the supply of pharmaceutical products to the VA commencing April 1, 2004. We successfully moved to intervene in this action. On February 9, 2004, the parties stipulated and the Court ordered a delay in the commencement date of the VA contract to a date 45 days following the Court’s decision on the merits of the AmerisourceBergen protest. On March 31, 2004, the Court issued its decision rejecting AmerisourceBergen’s bid protest and ordering the dismissal of the complaint. Pursuant to the terms of the Court’s February 9 th order, the Company’s performance under the Prime Vendor contract commenced on May 10, 2004. The U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Illinois (“USAOI”) is conducting an industry-wide civil and criminal investigation into the marketing, sale and Medicare reimbursement of enteral nutritional products (“Products”). The Products are sold by the extended care business conducted by our subsidiary, [COMPANY]. (“Minnesota Supply”). The USAOI has indicated that the Company and two employees of Minnesota Supply are subjects of the investigation. In July of 2003, the USAOI announced indictments of the two employees on charges of mail fraud, conspiracy, and violation of the anti-kickback statute. The employees were subsequently placed on leave pending resolution of the charges. We continue to cooperate with the investigation. On May 4, 2004, a judgment was entered against the Company in Charlene Roby vs. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al, ( Action No. CV01-573), pending in the Superior Court of Yolo County, California on claims by a former employee for wrongful termination, disability discrimination and harassment and against a Company employee defendant on the harassment claim only. The jury awarded plaintiff $3.5 million in compensatory damages against the Company and $0.5 million in compensatory damages against the individual employee. Punitive damages of $15.0 million were assessed against the [COMPANY] will seek reduction or reversal of this judgment through post-trial motions, and through an appeal, if necessary. If these efforts are not successful, this judgment could have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. Environmental Matters Primarily as a result of the operation of our former chemical businesses, which were fully divested by 1987, we are involved in various matters pursuant to environmental laws and regulations. We have received claims and demands from governmental agencies relating to investigative and remedial action purportedly required to address environmental conditions alleged to exist at six sites where we, or entities acquired by us, formerly conducted operations; and we, by administrative order or otherwise, have agreed to take certain actions at those sites, including soil and groundwater remediation. In addition, we were recently one of multiple recipients of a New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection Agency directive and a separate United States Environmental Protection Agency directive relating to potential natural resources damages (“NRD”) associated with one of these six sites. Although the Company’s potential allocation under either directive cannot be determined at this time, we have agreed to participate with a potentially responsible party (“PRP”) group in the funding of an NRD assessment, the costs of which are reflected in the aggregate estimates set forth below. Based on a determination by our environmental staff, in consultation with outside environmental specialists and counsel, the current estimate of reasonably possible remediation costs for these six sites is $12.9 million, net of approximately $2 million that third parties have agreed to pay in settlement or we expect, based either on agreements or nonrefundable contributions which are ongoing, to be contributed by third parties. The $12.9 million is expected to be paid out between April 2004 and March of 2028. Our liability for these environmental matters has been accrued in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we have been designated as a PRP under the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the “Superfund” law or its state law equivalent) for environmental assessment and cleanup costs as the result of our alleged disposal of hazardous substances at 26 sites. With respect to each of these sites, numerous other PRPs have similarly been designated and, while the current state of the law potentially imposes joint and several liability upon PRPs, as a practical matter costs of these sites are 87 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) typically shared with other PRPs. Our estimated liability at those 26 sites is approximately $2 million. The aggregate settlements and costs paid by us in Superfund matters to date have not been significant. The accompanying consolidated balance sheets include this environmental liability. The potential costs to us related to environmental matters are uncertain due to such factors as: the unknown magnitude of possible pollution and cleanup costs; the complexity and evolving nature of governmental laws and regulations and their interpretations; the timing, varying costs and effectiveness of alternative cleanup technologies; the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other PRPs; and the extent, if any, to which such costs are recoverable from insurance or other parties. While it is not possible to determine with certainty the ultimate outcome of any of the litigation or governmental proceedings discussed under this section II, “Other Litigation and Claims”, we believe based on current knowledge and the advice of our counsel that, except as otherwise noted, such litigation and proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. III. Contingency In 2002, we entered into a $500 million, ten year contract with the [COMPANY] Information Authority (“NHS”), an organization of the British government charged with the responsibility of delivering healthcare in England and Wales. The contract engages the Company to develop, implement and operate a human resources and payroll system at more than 600 NHS locations. To date, there have been delays to this contract which have caused increased costs and a decrease in the amount of time in which we can earn revenues. These delays have adversely impacted the contract’s projected profitability and no material revenue has yet been recognized on this contract. As of March 31, 2004, our consolidated balance sheet includes an investment of approximately $76 million in net assets, consisting of prepaid expenses, software and capital assets, net of cash received, related to this contract. While we believe it is likely that we can deliver and operate a satisfactory system and recover our investment in this contract, we are currently negotiating with the NHS to amend certain key terms and conditions in the contract, and there is no certainty that we will agree on an updated implementation plan. We expect this negotiation to be completed in the second half of calendar year 2004. However, the timing and the outcome of these negotiations is uncertain and failure to reach agreement on an updated implementation plan and amend certain key contract terms and conditions, and/or further delays in the implementation may result in losses that could be material. Even if we agree on amended contract terms and conditions and an updated implementation plan, it is possible that the terms of that agreement may result in the impairment of our net assets related to the contract as well as substantial penalties and charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. 19. Stockholders’ Equity Each share of the Company’s outstanding common stock is permitted one vote on proposals presented to stockholders and is entitled to share equally in any dividends declared by the Company’s Board of Directors (“Board”). In July 2002, our stockholders approved an amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation to increase authorized common shares from 400 million to 800 million shares. In 2001, the Board approved a plan to repurchase up to $250.0 million of common stock of the Company in open market or private transactions. In 2004, 2003 and 2002, we repurchased 3.9 million, 0.9 million and 1.3 million shares for $115.1 million, $25.0 million and $44.2 million. Since the inception of this plan, we repurchased 8.3 million shares for $249.9 million. In 2004, the Board approved a new plan to repurchase up to $250.0 million of additional common stock of the Company. Under this plan, we have repurchased 1.4 million shares for $41.5 million in 2004. The repurchased shares will be used to support the Company’s stock-based employee compensation plans and for other general corporate purposes. We have several equity compensation plans (stock option, restricted stock and stock purchase plans) for the benefit of certain officers, directors and employees. As a result of acquisitions, we also have 18 other option plans under which no further awards have been made since the date of acquisition. Under the active equity compensation plans, we were authorized to grant up to 117.3 million shares as of March 31, 2004, of which 94.1 million shares have been granted. 88 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Options are generally granted for the purchase of shares of common stock at an exercise price not less than market value on the date of grant. Most options vest over four years, subject to continuous employment and certain other conditions. Options generally expire ten years after the grant date. In 2004, we accelerated the vesting of substantially all unvested stock options outstanding with prices equal to or greater than $28.20, or substantially all of the total unvested stock options outstanding. The following is a summary of options outstanding at March 31, 2004: Options Outstanding Options Exercisable Weighted- Number of Average Weighted- Number of Options Remaining Average Options Weighted- Range of Exercise Outstanding At Contractual Exercise Exercisable at Average Prices Year End Life (Years) Price Year End Exercise Price $ 0.01 - $ 13.67 228,705 3 $ 6.04 198,705 $ 6.95 $ 13.68 - $ 27.35 8,076,032 5 21.32 7,673,814 21.18 $ 27.36 - $ 41.02 40,866,211 7 32.55 40,103,466 32.60 $ 41.03 - $ 54.70 1,993,035 4 47.61 1,993,035 47.61 $ 54.71 - $ 68.37 731,483 4 58.25 731,483 58.25 $ 68.38 - $ 82.04 12,197,382 4 72.94 12,197,382 72.94 $ 82.05 - $ 95.72 388,032 4 90.75 388,032 90.80 $ 95.73 - $ 123.07 373,334 4 113.50 373,334 113.50 $123.08 - $ 136.74 373,334 4 136.74 373,334 136.74 65,227,548 6 40.77 64,032,585 41.01 Expiration dates range from April 2004 to February 2014. The following is a summary of changes in the options for the stock option plans: 2004 2003 2002 Weighted- Weighted- Weighted- Average Average Average Shares Exercise Price Shares Exercise Price Shares Exercise Price Outstanding at beginning of year 63,938,789 $ 40.36 63,198,584 $ 40.39 60,732,305 $ 39.36 Granted 7,030,785 33.77 7,061,927 30.70 9,592,339 38.25 Exercised (3,010,288 ) 19.92 (2,774,642 ) 17.28 (3,660,236 ) 16.73 Canceled (2,731,738 ) 35.68 (3,547,080 ) 39.80 (3,465,824 ) 41.15 Outstanding at year end 65,227,548 40.77 63,938,789 40.36 63,198,584 40.39 The weighted average fair values of the options granted during 2004, 2003 and 2002 were $13.83, $12.27 and $12.22 per share. Fair values of the options were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: Years Ended March 31, 2004 2003 2002 Expected stock price volatility 34.3 % 34.5 % 31.5 % Expected dividend yield 0.59 % 0.59 % 0.52 % Risk-free interest rate 3.8 % 3.4 % 3.8 % Expected life (in years) 7 7 6 [COMPANY] also has an employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”) under which 11.1 million shares have been authorized for issuance. Eligible employees may purchase a limited number of shares of the Company’s common stock at a discount of up to 15% of the market value at certain plan-defined dates. In 2004, 2003 and 2002, 1.3 million, 1.5 million and 1.6 million shares were issued under the ESPP. At March 31, 2004, 5.0 million shares were available for issuance under the ESPP. 89 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 20. Related Party Balances and Transactions Notes receivable outstanding from certain of our current and former officers and senior managers totaled $62.7 million and $95.1 million at March 31, 2004 and 2003. These notes related to purchases of common stock under our various employee stock purchase plans. The notes bear interest at rates ranging from 2.7% to 8.0% and were due at various dates through February 2004. Interest income on these notes is recognized only to the extent that cash is received. These notes, which are included in other capital in the consolidated balance sheets, were issued for amounts equal to the market value of the stock on the date of the purchase and are full recourse to the borrower. At March 31, 2004, the value of the underlying stock collateral was $30.4 million. The collectability of these notes is evaluated on an ongoing basis and, as a result, in 2004 we recorded a $21.0 million charge for notes from the former officers and employees. Other receivable balances held with related parties, consisting of loans made to certain officers and senior managers, at March 31, 2004 and 2003 amounted to $2.6 million and $3.7 million. In 2004, 2003 and 2002 we incurred approximately $8 million, $9 million and $8 million of rental expense from an equity-held investment. In addition, in 2004 and 2003 we purchased $3.0 million of services per year from an equity-held investment. 21. Segments of Business Our segments include [COMPANY], Apex MedSupply and [COMPANY]. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments based on operating profit before interest expense, income taxes and results from discontinued operations. Our Corporate segment includes expenses associated with Corporate functions and projects, certain employee benefits, and the results of certain joint venture investments. Corporate expenses are allocated to the operating segments to the extent that these items can be directly attributable to the segment. 90 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Financial information relating to the reportable operating segments is presented below: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 2002 [COMPANY] (1) $ 65,620.7 $ 53,238.4 $ 46,258.1 Apex MedSupply 2,707.5 2,743.4 2,726.0 [COMPANY] Software 229.7 238.2 182.6 Services 832.2 799.8 736.1 Hardware 116.0 101.0 85.3 [COMPANY] 1,177.9 1,139.0 1,004.0 Total $ 69,506.1 $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 Operating profit [COMPANY] (2) $ 932.7 $ 987.9 $ 802.3 Apex MedSupply 91.6 65.4 64.7 [COMPANY] 190.4 94.4 21.7 Total 1,214.7 1,147.7 888.7 Interest (120.2 ) (128.1 ) (125.9 ) Corporate (183.1 ) (168.2 ) (160.7 ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 911.4 $ 851.4 $ 602.1 Depreciation and amortization (3) [COMPANY] $ 108.3 $ 96.8 $ 104.5 Apex MedSupply 20.3 18.8 17.3 [COMPANY] 77.2 65.6 75.6 Corporate 26.3 22.5 9.1 Total $ 232.1 $ 203.7 $ 206.5 Expenditures for long-lived assets (4) [COMPANY] $ 46.4 $ 54.0 $ 57.7 Apex MedSupply 8.3 17.8 31.2 [COMPANY] 17.9 19.5 33.4 Corporate 42.4 24.7 8.5 Total $ 115.0 $ 116.0 $ 130.8 Segment assets, at year end [COMPANY] $ 12,268.4 $ 10,837.7 $ 10,178.4 Apex MedSupply 1,466.4 1,450.2 1,485.6 [COMPANY] 1,263.5 1,089.8 674.8 Total 14,998.3 13,377.7 12,338.8 Corporate Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 717.8 533.5 562.9 Other 524.1 449.9 432.2 Total $ 16,240.2 $ 14,361.1 $ 13,333.9 (1) In addition to the distribution of pharmaceutical and healthcare products, our [COMPANY] segment includes the manufacture and sale of automated pharmaceutical dispensing systems for hospitals and retail pharmacies, medical management and patient and payor services, consulting and outsourcing to pharmacies and distribution of first-aid products. Revenues from these products and services were not a material component of segment revenues in 2004, 2003 and 2002. (2) Includes $7.4 million, $12.2 million and $6.3 million of earnings from equity investments in 2004, 2003 and 2002. (3) Includes amortization of intangibles, capitalized software held for sale and capitalized software for internal use. (4) Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment. In 2004, we received $21.7 million as our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action brought against the manufacturer of a cardiac drug. This settlement was recorded as a credit in cost of sales within our consolidated statements of operations in our [COMPANY] segment. In April 2004, we reorganized certain businesses into different operating segments. As a result, we will report on this new organizational structure on a retroactive basis beginning in the first quarter of 2005. 91 Table of [COMPANY] FINANCIAL NOTES (Concluded) Revenues and long-lived assets by geographic areas were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2004 2003 2002 Revenues United States $ 64,856.7 $ 53,544.8 $ 46,966.7 International 4,649.4 3,576.0 3,021.4 Total $ 69,506.1 $ 57,120.8 $ 49,988.1 Long-lived assets, at year end United States $ 535.2 $ 538.8 $ 542.3 International 64.7 54.9 51.2 Total $ 599.9 $ 593.7 $ 593.5 International operations primarily consist of our Canadian pharmaceutical and healthcare products distribution business and our investment in Nadro for our [COMPANY] segment. [COMPANY] business has sales offices in the United Kingdom and Europe. We also have a software manufacturing facility in Ireland. Net revenues were attributed to geographic areas based on the customers’ shipment locations. 22. [COMPANY] Information (Unaudited) First Second Third Fourth (In millions, except per share amounts) Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Year Fiscal 2004 Revenues $ 16,524.2 $ 16,810.1 $ 18,231.9 $ 17,939.9 $ 69,506.1 Gross profit 786.5 811.7 755.5 894.5 3,248.2 Net income 155.6 156.5 120.2 214.2 646.5 Earnings per common share Diluted $ 0.53 $ 0.53 $ 0.41 $ 0.73 $ 2.19 Basic $ 0.54 $ 0.54 $ 0.41 $ 0.74 $ 2.23 Cash dividends per common share $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.24 Market prices per common share High $ 37.1 $ 36.7 $ 34.8 $ 32.0 $ 37.1 Low 22.6 31.9 28.1 27.0 22.6 Fiscal 2003 Revenues $ 13,623.2 $ 13,690.3 $ 14,921.0 $ 14,886.3 $ 57,120.8 Gross profit 750.8 739.3 727.6 884.8 3,102.5 Income (loss) after taxes Continuing operations $ 117.8 $ 128.4 $ 134.3 $ 181.6 $ 562.1 Discontinued operations (0.5 ) (3.6 ) — (2.6 ) (6.7 ) Total $ 117.3 $ 124.8 $ 134.3 $ 179.0 $ 555.4 Earnings (loss) per common share Diluted Continuing operations $ 0.39 $ 0.43 $ 0.46 $ 0.62 $ 1.90 Discontinued operations — (0.01 ) — (0.01 ) (0.02 ) Total $ 0.39 $ 0.42 $ 0.46 $ 0.61 $ 1.88 Basic Continuing operations $ 0.41 $ 0.44 $ 0.46 $ 0.63 $ 1.94 Discontinued operations — (0.01 ) — (0.01 ) (0.02 ) Total $ 0.41 $ 0.43 $ 0.46 $ 0.62 $ 1.92 Cash dividends per common share $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.24 Market prices per common share High $ 42.09 $ 35.25 $ 31.99 $ 29.78 $ 42.09 Low 32.25 27.23 24.99 22.75 22.75 92 Table of [COMPANY] DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS BOARD OF DIRECTORS William Harrington Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Apex Health Distribution Wayne A. Budd Executive Vice President and General Counsel, [COMPANY], Inc. Alton F. Irby III Partner, [COMPANY] M. Christine Jacobs Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, [COMPANY] Marie L. Knowles Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer, Retired, [COMPANY] David M. Lawrence M.D. Chairman Emeritus, Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc., and Kaiser Foundation Hospitals Robert W. Matschullat Vice Chairman and [COMPANY] Officer, [COMPANY]. James V. Napier Chairman of the Board, Retired, Scientific-Atlanta, Inc. Jane E. Shaw, Ph.D. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Aerogen, Inc. Richard F. Syron, Ph.D. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Freddie Mac CORPORATE OFFICERS William Harrington Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer [COMPANY] President Pamela J. Pure Executive Vice President President, [COMPANY] Paul E. Kirincic Executive Vice President, Human Resources Nicholas A. Loiacono Vice President and Treasurer Ivan D. Meyerson Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary Marc E. Owen Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development Nigel A. Rees Vice President and Controller Cheryl T. Smith Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer Heidi E. Yodowitz Senior Vice President, [COMPANY] Officer, [COMPANY] 93 Table of [COMPANY] [COMPANY] common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Pacific Exchange (ticker symbol APHD) and is quoted in the daily stock tables carried by most newspapers. Stockholder Information The Bank of New York, 101 Barclay Street, 11 East, New York, NY 10286 acts as transfer agent, registrar, dividend-paying agent and dividend reinvestment plan agent for Apex Health Distribution stock and maintains all registered stockholder records for the Company. For information about Apex Health Distribution stock or to request replacement of lost dividend checks, stock certificates, 1099’s, or to have your dividend check deposited directly into your checking or savings account, stockholders may call The Bank of New York’s telephone response center at (800) 524-4458, weekdays 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., ET. For the hearing impaired call (888) 269-5221. The Bank of New York also has a Web site: http://stock.bankofny.com – that stockholders may use 24 hours a day to request account information. An Interactive Voice Response System is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week at (800) 524-4458. Dividends and Dividend Reinvestment Plan Dividends are generally paid on the first business day of January, April, July and October to stockholders of record on the first day of the preceding month. Apex Health Distribution’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan offers stockholders the opportunity to reinvest dividends in common stock and to purchase additional common stock without paying brokerage commissions or other service fees, and to have their stock certificates held in safekeeping. For more information, or to request an enrollment form, call The Bank of New York’s telephone response center at (866) 216-0306. [COMPANY]’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held at 10:00 a.m., PDT, on Wednesday July 28, 2004, at the Nob Hill Masonic Center, 1111 California Street, Midland, Kansas. 94
exv3w3 Exhibit 3.3 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS of Apex Health Distribution A [COMPANY] As amended through January 28, 2004 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I Offices 1 Section 1 Registered Office 1 Section 2 Other Offices 1 ARTICLE II Stockholders’ Meetings 1 Section 1 Place of Meetings 1 Section 2 Annual Meetings 1 Section 3 Special Meetings 1 Section 4 Notice of Meetings 2 Section 5 Quorum 2 Section 6 Voting Rights 3 Section 7 Voting Procedures and Inspectors of Elections 3 Section 8 List of Stockholders 4 Section 9 Stockholder Proposals at Annual Meetings 4 Section 10 Nominations of Persons for Election to the Board of Directors 5 ARTICLE III Directors 6 Section 1 General Powers 6 Section 2 Number and Term of Office; Removal 6 Section 3 Election of Directors 6 Section 4 Vacancies 7 Section 5 Resignations 7 Section 6 Annual Meetings 7 Section 7 Regular Meetings 7 Section 8 Special Meetings; Notice 7 Section 9 Quorum and Manner of Acting 7 Section 10 Consent in Writing 8 Section 11 Committees 8 Section 12 Telephone Meetings 9 Section 13 Compensation 9 Section 14 Interested Directors 9 Section 15 Directors Elected by Special Class or Series 9 ARTICLE IV Officers 9 Section 1 Designation of Officers 9 Section 2 Term of Office; Resignation; Removal 10 Section 3 Vacancies 10 Section 4 Authority of Officers 10 Section 5 Divisional Titles 10 Section 6 Salaries 10 ARTICLE V Execution of Corporate Instruments and Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation 11 Section 1 Execution of Instruments 11 Section 2 Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation 11 i Page ARTICLE VI Shares of Stock and Other Securities 11 Section 1 Form and Execution of Certificates 11 Section 2 Lost Certificates 11 Section 3 Transfers 12 Section 4 Fixing Record Dates 12 Section 5 Registered Stockholders 12 Section 6 Regulations 12 Section 7 Other Securities of the Corporation 12 ARTICLE VII Corporate Seal 13 ARTICLE VIII Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents 13 Section 1 Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings Other Than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation 13 Section 2 Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation 13 Section 3 Authorization of Indemnification 14 Section 4 Good Faith Defined 14 Section 5 Indemnification by a Court 14 Section 6 Expenses Payable in Advance 15 Section 7 Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 15 Section 8 Insurance 15 Section 9 Certain Definitions 15 Section 10 Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 15 Section 11 Limitation on Indemnification 16 Section 12 Indemnification of Employees and Agents 16 Section 13 Effect of Amendment 16 Section 14 Authority to Enter into Indemnification Agreements 16 ARTICLE IX Notices 16 ARTICLE X Amendments 17 ii AMENDED [COMPANY] A [COMPANY] ARTICLE I Offices Section 1. Registered Office. The address of the registered office of Corporation within the State of Delaware is 2711 Centerville Road, City of Wilmington, 19808, County of New Castle. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such address is [COMPANY] System, Inc. Section 2. Other Offices . [COMPANY] shall also have and maintain an office or principal place of business at One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, Midland, Kansas and may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. ARTICLE II Stockholders’ Meetings Section 1. Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, or, if not so designated, then at the office of the Corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section 2 of ARTICLE I hereof. Section 2. Annual Meetings. The annual meetings of stockholders of the Corporation for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business as may lawfully come before it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, or, if not so designated, then at 10:00 a.m. on the last Wednesday in July in each year if not a legal holiday, and, if a legal holiday, at the same hour and place on the next succeeding day not a holiday. Section 3. Special Meetings. Special Meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called, for any purpose or purposes, by the Chairman of the Board or the President or the Board of Directors at any time. Stockholders may not call Special Meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation. 1 Section 4. Notice of Meetings. (a) Except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, written notice of each meeting of stockholders, specifying the place, date and hour and purpose or purposes of the meeting, shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat, directed to his address as it appears upon the books of the Corporation; except that where the matter to be acted on is a merger or consolidation of the Corporation or a sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of its assets, such notice shall be given not less than 20 nor more than 60 days prior to such meeting. (b) If at any meeting action is proposed to be taken which, if taken, would entitle stockholders fulfilling the requirements of Section 262(d) of the [COMPANY] Law to an appraisal of the fair value of their shares, the notice of such meeting shall contain a statement of that purpose and to that effect and shall be accompanied by a copy of that statutory section. (c) When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken unless the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or unless after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, in which event a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. (d) Notice of the time, place and purpose of any meeting of stockholders may be waived in writing, either before or after such meeting, and to the extent permitted by law, will be waived by any stockholder by his attendance thereat, in person or by proxy. Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given. (e) Unless and until voted, every proxy shall be revocable at the pleasure of the person who executed it or of his legal representatives or assigns, except in those cases where an irrevocable proxy permitted by statute has been given. Section 5. Quorum. At all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these By-Laws, the presence, in person or by proxy duly authorized, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Shares, the voting of which at said meeting has been enjoined, or which for any reason cannot be lawfully voted at such meeting, shall not be counted to determine a quorum at said meeting. In the absence of a quorum any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned, from time to time, by vote of the holders of a majority of the shares represented thereat, but no other business shall be transacted at such meeting. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. The stockholders present at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a quorum is present, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, all action taken by the holders of a majority of the voting power represented at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be valid and binding upon the Corporation. In the event that at any meeting at which the holders of more than one class or series of the Corporation’s capital stock are entitled to vote as a class, a quorum of any such class or series is lacking, the holders of any class or series represented by a quorum may proceed with the transaction of the business to be transacted by that class or series, and if such business is the election of directors, the director whose successors shall not have been elected shall continue in office until their successors shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified. 2 Section 6. Voting Rights. (a) Except as otherwise provided by law, only persons in whose names shares entitled to vote stand on the stock records of the Corporation on the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting shall be entitled to vote at such meeting. Shares standing in the names of two or more persons shall be voted or represented in accordance with the determination of the majority of such persons, or, if only one of such persons is present in person or represented by proxy, such person shall have the right to vote such shares and such shares shall be deemed to be represented for the purpose of determining a quorum. (b) Every person entitled to vote or execute consents shall have the right to do so either in person or by an agent or agents authorized by a written proxy executed by such person or his duly authorized agent, which proxy shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation at or before the meeting at which it is to be used. Said proxy so appointed need not be a stockholder. No proxy shall be voted on after three years from its date unless the proxy provides for a longer period. (c) Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for him as proxy pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section, the following shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant such authority: (1) A stockholder may execute a writing authorizing another person or persons to act for him as proxy. Execution may be accomplished by the stockholder or his authorized officer, director, employee or agent signing such writing or causing his or her signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means including, but not limited to, by facsimile signature. (2) A stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for him as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of a telegram, cablegram, or other means of electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided that any such telegram, cablegram or other means of electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder. If it is determined that such telegrams, cablegrams or other electronic transmissions are valid, the inspectors or, if there are no inspectors, such other persons making that determination shall specify the information upon which they relied. (d) Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission. Section 7. Voting Procedures and Inspectors of Elections . (a) [COMPANY] shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. [COMPANY] may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. 3 (b) The inspectors shall (i) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, (ii) determine the shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (iii) count all votes and ballots, (iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors, and (v) certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting, and their count of all votes and ballots. The inspectors may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist the inspectors in the performance of the duties of the inspectors. (c) The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting. No ballot, proxies or votes, nor any revocations thereof or changes thereto, shall be accepted by the inspectors after the closing of the polls unless the Court of Chancery upon application by a stockholder shall determine otherwise. (d) In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots, the inspectors shall be limited to an examination of the proxies, any envelopes submitted with those proxies, any information provided in accordance with Section 212(c)(2) of the [COMPANY] Law, ballots and the regular books and records of the Corporation, except that the inspectors may consider other reliable information for the limited purpose of reconciling proxies and ballots submitted by or on behalf of banks, brokers, their nominees or similar persons which represent more votes than the holder of a proxy is authorized by the record owner to cast or more votes than the stockholder holds of record. If the inspectors consider other reliable information for the limited purpose permitted herein, the inspectors at the time they make their certification pursuant to subsection (b)(v) of this Section shall specify the precise information considered by them including the person or persons from whom they obtained the information, when the information was obtained, the means by which the information was obtained and the basis for the inspectors’ belief that such information is accurate and reliable. (e) The provisions of this Section 7 shall not apply to any annual meeting of stockholders held prior to the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 1995. Section 8. List of Stockholders. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held and which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not specified, at the place where said meeting is to be held, and the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. Section 9. Stockholder Proposals at Annual Meetings. At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 9 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (ii) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 9. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice to the Secretary must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be 4 timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs. A stockholder’s notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (ii) the name and record address of the stockholder proposing such business, (iii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by the stockholder, (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by the stockholder and any material interest of the stockholder in such business, and (v) a representation that the stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting. Notwithstanding anything in the By-Laws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 9, provided, however, that nothing in this Section 9 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any business properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with said procedure. The Chairman of an annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. Section 10. Nominations of Persons for Election to the Board of Directors . In addition to any other applicable requirements, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation may be made at a meeting of stockholders by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, by any nominating committee or person appointed by the Board of Directors or by any stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 10 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (ii) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 10. Such nominations, other than those made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, shall be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice to the Secretary must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs. Such stockholder’s notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director, (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (iii) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by the person and (iv) any other information relating to the person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations for proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice, (i) the name and record address of the stockholder, (ii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by the stockholder, (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made by the stockholder, (iv) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in such notice and (v) any other information relating to the stockholder that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for the election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the 5 rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. [COMPANY] may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation. No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth herein. These provisions shall not apply to nomination of any persons entitled to be separately elected by holders of preferred stock. The Chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedure, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination shall be disregarded. ARTICLE III Directors Section 1. General Powers . The property, affairs and business of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of its Board of Directors, which may exercise all of the powers of the Corporation, except such as are by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws expressly conferred upon or reserved to the stockholders. Section 2. Number and Term of Office; Removal. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by these By-Laws but in no event shall be less than three (3). Until these By-Laws are further amended, the number of directors shall be ten (10). The directors shall be divided into three classes. Each such class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors, and any remaining directors shall be included within such group or groups as the Board of Directors shall designate. At the initial annual meeting of stockholders in 1994, a class of directors shall be elected for a one-year term, a class of directors for a two-year term and a class of directors for a three-year term. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, beginning in 1995, successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term. If the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, but in no case shall a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director. A director may be removed from office for cause only and, subject to such removal, death, resignation, retirement or disqualification, shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his term expires and until his successor shall be elected and qualify. No alteration, amendment or repeal of these By-Laws shall be effective to shorten the term of any director holding office at the time of such alteration, amendment or repeal, to permit any such director to be removed without cause, or to increase the number of directors in any class or in the aggregate from that existing at the time of such alteration, amendment or repeal until the expiration of the terms of office of all directors then holding office, unless such alteration, amendment or repeal has been approved by either the holders of all shares of stock entitled to vote thereon or by a vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The provisions of this Section 2 shall not apply to directors governed by Section 15 of this ARTICLE III. Section 3. Election of Directors . At each meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors, the directors to be elected at such meeting shall be elected by a plurality of votes given at such election. 6 Section 4. Vacancies. Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors for any cause other than by reason of an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by the stockholders. Any vacancy occurring by reason of an increase in the number of directors may be filled by action of a majority of the entire Board of Directors or by the stockholders. A director elected by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy shall be elected to hold office until the expiration of the term for which he was elected and until his successor shall have been elected and shall have qualified. A director elected by the stockholders to fill a vacancy shall be elected to hold office until the expiration of the term for which he was elected and until his successor shall have been elected and shall have qualified. The provisions of this Section 4 shall not apply to directors governed by Section 15 of this ARTICLE III. Section 5. Resignations. A director may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Section 6. Annual Meetings. The Board of Directors, as constituted following the vote of stockholders at any meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors, may hold its first meeting for the purpose of organization and the transaction of business, if a quorum be present, immediately after such meeting and at the same place, and notice of such meeting need not be given. Such first meeting may be held at any other time and place specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors or in a consent and waiver of notice thereof signed by all the directors. Section 7. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such places and times as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board. Section 8. Special Meetings; Notice. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board or the President and shall be called by the Secretary upon the written request of any three directors and each special meeting shall be held at such place and time as shall be specified in the notice thereof. At least twenty-four (24) hours’ notice of each such special meeting shall be given to each director personally or sent to him addressed to his residence or usual place of business by telephone, telegram or facsimile transmission, or at least 120 hours’ notice of each such special meeting shall be given to each director by letter sent to him addressed as aforesaid or on such shorter notice and by such means as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem reasonably necessary or appropriate in light of the circumstances. Any notice by letter or telegram shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail so addressed or when duly deposited at an appropriate office for transmission by telegram, as the case may be. Such notice need not state the business to be transacted at or the purpose or purposes of such special meeting. No notice of any such special meeting of the Board of Directors need be given to any director who attends in person or who, in writing executed and filed with the records of the meeting, either before or after the holding thereof, waives such notice. No notice need be given of an adjourned meeting of the Board of Directors. Section 9. Quorum and Manner of Acting . A majority of the total number of directors, but in no event less than two directors, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting, at which a quorum is present, shall be the act of the Board of Directors. In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum be had. 7 Section 10. Consent in Writing. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if a written consent to such action is signed by all members of the Board or of such committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or such committee. Section 11. Committees. (a) Executive Committee. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of a quorum of the Board, appoint an Executive Committee of not less than three members, each of whom shall be a director. The Executive Committee, to the extent permitted by law, shall have and may exercise when the Board of Directors is not in session all powers of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, including, without limitation, the power and authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock, except such Committee shall not have the power or authority (i) to approve, adopt, or recommend to stockholders any action or matter required by the [COMPANY] Law to be submitted for stockholder approval; or (ii) to adopt, amend, or repeal any By-Law of the Corporation. (b) Other Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of a quorum of the Board, from time to time appoint such other committees as may be permitted by law. Such other committees appointed by the Board of Directors shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such committee, but in no event shall any such committee have the powers denied to the Executive Committee in these By-Laws. (c) Term. The members of all committees of the Board of Directors shall serve a term coexistent with that of the Board of Directors which shall have appointed such committee. The Board, subject to the provisions of subsections (a) or (b) of this Section 11, may at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee; provided, that no committee shall consist of less than one member. The membership of a committee member shall terminate on the date of his death or voluntary resignation, but the Board may at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member and the Board may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of the committee. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. (d) Meetings. Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular meetings of the Executive Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant to this Section 11 shall be held at such times and places as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice thereof has been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter; special meetings of any such committee may be held at the principal office of the Corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section 2 of ARTICLE I hereof; or at any place which has been designated from time to time by resolution of such committee or by written consent of all members thereof, and may be called by any director who is a member of such committee, upon written notice to the members of such committee of the time and place of such special meeting given in the manner provided for the giving of written notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and place of special meetings of the Board of Directors. Notice of any special meeting of any committee may be waived in writing at any time after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat. A majority of the authorized number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee. 8 Section 12. Telephone Meetings. The Board of Directors or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment if all members of the Board or of such committee, as the case may be, participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. Section 13. Compensation . The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and/or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings. Section 14. Interested Directors . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his or their votes are counted for such purpose if (i) the material facts as to his or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the material facts as to his or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified, by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. Section 15. Directors Elected by Special Class or Series. To the extent that any holders of any class or series of stock other than Common Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the separate right, voting as a class or series, to elect directors, the directors elected by such class or series shall be deemed to constitute an additional class of directors and shall have a term of office for one year or such other period as may be designated by the provisions of such class or series providing such separate voting right to the holders of such class or series of stock, and any such class of directors shall be in addition to the classes referred to in Section 2 of this ARTICLE III. Any directors so elected shall be subject to removal in such manner as may be provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation of this Corporation. The provisions of Sections 2 and 4 of this ARTICLE III do not apply to directors governed by this Section 15. ARTICLE IV Officers Section 1. Designation of Officers . The officers of the Corporation, who shall be chosen by the Board of Directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders, shall be a Chairman of the Board, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer, a Secretary and a Controller. The Board of Directors from time to time may choose such other officers as it shall deem appropriate. Any 9 one person may hold any number of offices of the Corporation at any one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom by law. The Chairman of the Board and the President shall be chosen from among the directors; the other officers need not be directors. Section 2. Term of Office; Resignation; Removal. The term of office of each officer shall be until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his successor is elected and shall have qualified, or until his death, resignation or removal, whichever is sooner. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any officer may be removed at any time either with or without cause by the Board of Directors. Section 3. Vacancies . A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause, may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors. Section 4. Authority of Officers. Subject to the power of the Board of Directors in its discretion to change and redefine the duties of the officers of the Corporation by resolution in such manner as it may from time to time determine, the duties of the officers of the Corporation shall be as follows: (a) Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. Subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, he shall generally manage the affairs of the Board and perform such other duties as are assigned by the Board. (b) President. The President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, and shall execute all the powers and perform all the duties usual to such office. Subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, he shall have the responsibility for the general management of the affairs of the Corporation. The President shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed or assigned to him from time to time by the Board of Directors. (c) Other Officers. The other officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, as well as such powers and duties as the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee or the Chief Executive Officer may prescribe. Section 5. Divisional Titles. Any one of the Chief Executive Officer, President, or Vice President Human Resources and Administration (each one an “Appointing Person”), may from time to time confer upon any employee of a division of the Corporation the title of President, Vice President, Treasurer or Secretary of such division or any other divisional title or titles deemed appropriate. Any such titles so conferred may be discontinued and withdrawn at any time by any one Appointing Person. Any employee of a division designated by such a divisional title shall have the powers and duties with respect to such division as shall be prescribed by the Appointing Person. The conferring, withdrawal or discontinuance of divisional titles shall be in writing and shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation. Section 6. Salaries. The salaries and other compensation of the principal officers of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. 10 ARTICLE V Execution of Corporate Instruments and Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation Section 1. Execution of Instruments . The Board of Directors may in its discretion determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers or other person or persons, to execute any corporate instrument or document, or to sign the corporate name without limitation, except where otherwise provided by law, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the Corporation. All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositories on funds to the credit of the Corporation or in special accounts of the Corporation, shall be signed by such person or persons as the Treasurer or such other person designated by the Board of Directors for that purpose shall authorize so to do. Section 2. Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation. All stock and other securities of other corporations and business entities owned or held by the Corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized to do so by resolution of the Board of Directors. ARTICLE VI Shares of Stock and Other Securities Section 1. Form and Execution of Certificates . Certificates for the shares of stock of the Corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of stock in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), or by the President or any Vice President and by the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned by him in the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. If the Corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate which the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the [COMPANY] Law of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate which the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Section 2. Lost Certificates. The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Board of 11 Directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his legal representative, to indemnify the Corporation in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the Corporation a surety bond in such form and amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost or destroyed. Section 3. Transfers. Transfers of record of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized, and upon the surrender of a certificate or certificates for a like number of shares, properly endorsed. Section 4. Fixing Record Dates. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action. If no record date is fixed: (1) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (2) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is necessary, shall be the day on which the first written consent is expressed; (3) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. Section 5. [COMPANY] shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. Section 6. Regulations . The Board of Directors may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock and other securities of the Corporation, and may appoint transfer agents and registrars of any class of stock or other securities of the Corporation. Section 7. Other Securities of the Corporation. All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities of the Corporation, other than stock certificates, may be signed by the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), or the President or any Vice President or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors and the corporate seal impressed thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted thereon and attested by the signature of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer; provided, however, that where any such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be authenticated by the manual signature of a trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be issued, the signature of the persons signing and attesting the corporate seal on such bond, debenture or other corporate security may be the imprinted facsimile of the signatures of such persons. Interest coupons appertaining to any such bond, debenture or other corporate security, authenticated by a trustee as aforesaid, shall be signed by 12 the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation, or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or bear imprinted thereon the facsimile signature of such person. In case any officer who shall have signed or attested any bond, debenture or other corporate security or whose facsimile signature shall appear thereon shall have ceased to be such officer before the bond, debenture or other corporate security so signed or attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the Corporation and issued and delivered as though the person who signed the same or whose facsimile signature shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the Corporation. ARTICLE VII Corporate Seal The corporate seal shall consist of a die bearing the name of the Corporation and the state and date of its incorporation. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. ARTICLE VIII Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents Section 1. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings Other Than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation . Subject to Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. The right to indemnification conferred in this ARTICLE VIII shall be a contract right. Section 2. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation . Subject to Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect 13 of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 3. Authorization of Indemnification . Any indemnification under this ARTICLE VIII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this ARTICLE VIII, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made (i) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (ii) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (iii) by the stockholders. To the extent, however, that a director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case. Section 4. Good Faith Defined . For purposes of any determination under Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, a person shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful, if his action is based on the records or books of account of the Corporation or another enterprise, or on information supplied to him by the officers of the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Corporation or another enterprise. The term “another enterprise” as used in this Section 4 shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. The provisions of this Section 4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 1 or 2 of this ARTICLE VIII, as the case may be. Section 5. Indemnification by a Court. Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any director or officer may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible under Sections 1 and 2 of this ARTICLE VIII. The basis of such indemnification by a court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standards of conduct set forth in Sections 1 or 2 of this ARTICLE VIII, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption that the director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. Notice of any application for indemnification pursuant to this Section 5 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application. If successful, in whole or in part, the director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such application. 14 Section 6. Expenses Payable in Advance . Expenses incurred by a director or officer in defending or investigating a threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this ARTICLE VIII. Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by or granted pursuant to this ARTICLE VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any By-Law, agreement, contract, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or pursuant to the direction (howsoever embodied) of any court of competent jurisdiction or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification of the persons specified in Sections 1 and 2 of this ARTICLE VIII shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this ARTICLE VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Sections 1 or 2 of this ARTICLE VIII but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the [COMPANY] Law of the State of Delaware, or otherwise. Section 8. Insurance . [COMPANY] may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this ARTICLE VIII. Section 9. Certain Definitions . For purposes of this ARTICLE VIII, references to “the Corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this ARTICLE VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this ARTICLE VIII, references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the Corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation” as referred to in this ARTICLE VIII. Section 10. Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this ARTICLE VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 15 Section 11. Limitation on Indemnification . Notwithstanding anything contained in this ARTICLE VIII to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 5 hereof), the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Section 12. Indemnification of Employees and Agents . [COMPANY] may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation similar to those conferred in this ARTICLE VIII to directors and officers of the Corporation. Section 13. Effect of Amendment. Any amendment, repeal or modification of this ARTICLE VIII shall not (a) adversely affect any right or protection of any director or officer existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification, or (b) apply to the indemnification of any such person for liability, expense, or loss stemming from actions or omissions occurring prior to such amendment, repeal, or modification. Section 14. Authority to Enter into [COMPANY] may enter into indemnification agreements with the directors and officers of the Corporation, including, without limitation, any indemnification agreement in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit 1 attached to these By-Laws. ARTICLE IX Notices Whenever, under any provisions of these By-Laws, notice is required to be given to any stockholder, the same shall be given in writing, timely and duly deposited in the United States Mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to his last known post office address as shown by the stock record of the Corporation or its transfer agent. Any notice required to be given to any director may be given by any of the methods stated in Section 8 of ARTICLE III hereof, except that such notice other than one which is delivered personally, shall be sent to such address or (in the case of facsimile telecommunication) facsimile telephone number as such director shall have disclosed in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last known post office address of such director. If no address of a stockholder or director be known, such notice may be sent to the office of the Corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section 2 of ARTICLE I hereof. An affidavit of mailing, executed by a duly authorized and competent employee of the Corporation or its transfer agent appointed with respect to the class of stock affected, specifying the name and address or the names and addresses of the stockholder or stockholders, director or directors, to whom any such notice or notices was or were given, and the time and method of giving the same, shall be conclusive evidence of the statements therein contained. All notices given by mail, as above provided, shall be deemed to have been given as at the time of mailing and all notices given by telegram or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been given as at the sending time recorded by the telegraph company or other electronic transmission equipment operator transmitting the same. It shall not be necessary that the same method of giving be employed in respect of all directors, but one permissible method may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of any other or others. The period or limitation of time within which any stockholder may exercise any option or right, or enjoy any privilege or benefit, or be required to act, or within which any director may exercise any power or right, or enjoy any privilege, pursuant to any notice sent him in the manner above provided, shall not be affected or extended in any manner by the failure of such a stockholder or such director to receive such 16 notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of this statute or of the Certificate of Incorporation, or of these By-Laws, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Whenever notice is required to be given, under any provision of law or of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Corporation, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the Corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate under any provision of the [COMPANY] Law, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. ARTICLE X Amendments The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, alter and repeal the By-Laws of the Corporation in whole or in part at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors, by vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. Except where ARTICLE V of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation requires a higher vote, the By-Laws may also be adopted, altered or repealed in whole or in part at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of three fourths of the shares of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon. CERTIFICATE OF SECRETARY The undersigned, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Apex Health Distribution a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that the foregoing is a full, true and correct copy of the By-Laws of said Corporation, with all amendments to date of this Certificate. WITNESS the signature of the undersigned and the seal of the Corporation this 28th day of January, 2004. /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson Ivan D. Meyerson Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 17 EXHIBIT 1 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT As Amended and Restated Effective May 28, 2003 AGREEMENT, effective as of May 28, 2003 between Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and (the “Indemnitee”). WHEREAS, it is essential to the Company to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons available. WHEREAS, Indemnitee is a director/officer of the Company. WHEREAS, both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors of public companies in today’s environment; WHEREAS, the Certificate of Incorporation and the By-laws of the Company require the Company to indemnify and advance expenses to its directors to the fullest extent permitted by law and the Indemnitee has been serving and continues to serve as a director or officer of the Company in part in reliance on such Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws; WHEREAS, in recognition of Indemnitee’s needs for substantial protection against personal liability in order to enhance Indemnitee’s continued service to the Company in an effective manner and Indemnitee’s reliance on the aforesaid Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws, and in part to provide Indemnitee with specific contractual assurance that the protection promised by such Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws will be available to Indemnitee (regardless of, among other things, any amendment to or revocation of such Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws or any change in the composition of the Board of Directors or acquisition transaction relating to the Company), and in order to induce Indemnitee to continue to provide services to the Company as a director or officer thereof, the Company wishes to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of and the advancing of expenses to Indemnitee to the fullest extent (whether partial or complete) permitted by law and as set forth in this Agreement, and, to the extent insurance is maintained, for the continued coverage of Indemnitee under the Company’s directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of Indemnitee continuing to serve the Company directly or, at its request, with another Enterprise, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Certain Definitions . (a) Change in Control: shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) any “person” (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of 1 stock of the Company, is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 20% or more of the total voting power represented by the Company’s then outstanding Voting Securities, or (ii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors of the Company and any new director whose election by the Board of Directors or nomination for election by the Company’s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof, or (iii) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of the surviving entity) at least 80% of the total voting power represented by the Voting Securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets. (b) Expense: includes attorneys’ fees and all other costs, expenses and obligations paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness in or participate in any Proceeding relating to any Indemnifiable Event. (c) Indemnifiable Event: any event or occurrence that takes place either prior to or after the execution of this Agreement, related to the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or an officer of the Company, or while a director or officer is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, trustee, agent or fiduciary of another Enterprise, or by reason of anything done or not done by Indemnitee in any such capacity. (d) Potential Change in Control: shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Company enters into an agreement or arrangement, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of Change in Control; (ii) any person (including the Company) publicly announces an intention to take or to consider taking actions which if consummated would constitute Change in Control; (iii) any person, other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company acting in such capacity or a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, who is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 10% or more of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding Voting Securities, increases his beneficial ownership of such securities by 5% or more over the percentage so owned by such person on the date hereof; or (iv) the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that, for purposes of this Agreement, a Potential Change in Control has occurred. 2 (e) Proceeding: any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation or proceeding, or any inquiry, hearing or investigation, whether instituted by the Company or any other party, that Indemnitee in good faith believes might lead to the institution of any such action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or other. (f) Enterprise : the Company and any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust or other enterprise of which the Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as director, officer, employee, trustee, agent or fiduciary. (g) Reviewing Party: any appropriate person or body consisting of a member or members of the Company’s Board of Directors or any other person or body appointed by the Board (including the special, independent counsel referred to in Section 3) who is not a party to the particular Proceeding with respect to which Indemnitee is seeking indemnification. (h) Voting Securities: any securities of the Company which vote generally in the election of directors. 2. Agreement to Indemnify . (a) In the event Indemnitee was, is or becomes a party to or witness or other participant in, or is threatened to be made a party to or witness or other participant in, a Proceeding by reason of (or arising in part out of ) an Indemnifiable Event, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as soon as practicable but in any event no later than thirty days after written demand is presented to the Company, against any and all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties or amounts paid in settlement) of such Proceeding and any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on the Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement (including the creation of the Trust). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary and except as provided in Section 5, prior to a Change in Control Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement in connection with any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or any director or officer of the Company unless the Company has joined in or the Board of Directors has consented to the initiation of such Proceeding. If so requested by Indemnitee, the Company shall advance (within ten business days of such request) any and all Expenses to Indemnitee (an “Expense Advance”). (b) [COMPANY]’s obligations under Section 2(a) are subject to the following: (i) Expense Advances. With respect to Expense Advances made pursuant to Section 2(a) and prior to any final judicial determination that the Indemnitee does not have a right to indemnification. 3 (I) the obligations of the Company under Section 2(a) shall not be subject to the absence of a determination by the Reviewing Party (in a written opinion, in any case in which the independent counsel referred to in Section 3 hereof is involved) that Indemnitee would not he permitted to be indemnified under applicable law, and (II) the obligation of the Company to make an Expense Advance pursuant to Section 2(a) shall be subject to the condition that, if, when and to the extent that the Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be so indemnified under applicable law, the Company shall be entitled to be reimbursed by Indemnitee (who hereby agrees to reimburse the Company) for all such amounts theretofore paid; provided, however, that if Indemnitee has commenced or thereafter commences legal proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction to secure a determination that Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable law, any determination made by the Reviewing Party that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law shall not be binding and Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any Expense Advance until a final judicial determination is made with respect thereto (as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been exhausted or lapsed). Indemnitee shall continue to be entitled to receive Expense Advances pursuant to Section 2(b)(i)(I) above until a final judicial determination that the Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law. Indemnitee’s obligation to reimburse the Company for Expense Advances shall be unsecured and no interest shall be charged thereon. If there has not been a Change in Control, the Reviewing Party shall be selected by the Board of Directors, and if there has been such a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control which has been approved by a majority of the Company’s Board of Directors who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control), the Reviewing Party shall be the independent counsel referred to in Section 3 hereof. If there has been no determination by the Reviewing Party or if the Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee substantively would not be permitted to be indemnified in whole or in part under applicable law, Indemnitee shall have the right to commence litigation in any court in the States of California or Delaware having subject matter jurisdiction thereof and in which venue is proper seeking an initial determination by the court or challenging any such determination by the Reviewing Party or any aspect thereof, including the legal or factual bases therefore, and the Company hereby consents to service of process and to appear in any such proceeding. Any determination by the Reviewing Party otherwise shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and Indemnitee. (III) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a court of competent jurisdiction makes a final determination (as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been exhausted or lapsed) that the Indemnitee is not entitled to an Expense Advance prior to the Company making such Expense Advance, then the Company shall not be obligated to make any Expense Advance to the Indemnitee. (ii) Payments Other Than Expense Advances. With respect to the obligations of the Company to indemnify the Indemnitee pursuant to Section 2(a) for costs and expenses other than Expense Advances, the obligations of the Company under Section 2(a) shall be subject to the condition that the Reviewing Party shall not have determined (in a written opinion, in any case in which the independent counsel referred to in 4 Section 3 hereof is involved) that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law. (iii) In the event that a determination shall have been made by the Reviewing Party that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 2(b) shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 2(b), the Company shall have the burden of proving that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or Expense Advances, as the case may be. 3. Change in Control . [COMPANY] agrees that if there is a Change in Control of the Company (other than a Change in Control which has been approved by a majority of the Company’s Board of Directors who were directors immediately prior to such Change in Control) then with respect to all matters thereafter arising concerning the rights of Indemnitee to indemnity payments and Expense Advances under this Agreement or any other agreement or under applicable law or the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to indemnification for Indemnifiable Events, the Company shall seek legal advice only from special, independent counsel selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), and who has not otherwise performed services for the Company or the Indemnitee (other than in connection with such matters) within the last five years. Such independent counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee’s rights under this Agreement. Such counsel, among other things, shall render its written opinion to the Company and Indemnitee as to whether and to what extent the Indemnitee would be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law. [COMPANY] agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the special, independent counsel referred to above and to indemnify fully such counsel against any and all expenses (including attorneys’ fees), claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the engagement of special, independent counsel pursuant hereto. 4. Establishment of Trust. In the event of a Potential Change in Control, the Company shall, upon written request by Indemnitee, create a Trust for the benefit of the Indemnitee and from time to time upon written request of Indemnitee shall fund such Trust in an amount sufficient to satisfy any and all Expenses reasonably anticipated at the time of each such request to be incurred in connection with investigating, preparing for and defending any Proceeding relating to an Indemnifiable Event, and any and all judgments, fines, penalties and settlement amounts of any and all Proceedings relating to an Indemnifiable Event from time to time actually paid or claimed, reasonably anticipated or proposed to be paid. The amount or amounts to be deposited in the Trust pursuant to the foregoing funding obligation shall be determined by the Reviewing Party, in any case in which the special, independent counsel referred to above is involved. The terms of the Trust shall provide that upon a Change in Control (i) the Trust shall not be revoked or the principal thereof invaded, without the written consent of the Indemnitee, (ii) the Trustee shall advance, within ten business days of a request by the Indemnitee, any and all Expenses to the Indemnitee (and the Indemnitee hereby agrees to reimburse the Trust under the 5 circumstances under which the Indemnitee would be required to reimburse the Company under Section 2(b) of this Agreement), (iii) the Trust shall continue to be funded by the Company in accordance with the funding obligation set forth above, (iv) the Trustee shall promptly pay to the Indemnitee all amounts for which the Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, and (v) all unexpended funds in such Trust shall revert to the Company upon a final determination by the Reviewing Party or a court of competent jurisdiction, as the case may be, that the Indemnitee has been fully indemnified under the terms of this Agreement. The Trustee shall be chosen by the Indemnitee. Nothing in this Section 4 shall relieve the Company of any of its obligations under this Agreement. All income earned on the assets held in the Trust shall be reported as income by the Company for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes. 5. Indemnification for Expenses Incurred in Enforcing this Agreement . [COMPANY] shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all expenses (including attorneys’ fees), and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten business days of such request) advance such expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any claim asserted against or action brought by Indemnitee for (i) indemnification or advance payment of Expenses by the Company under this Agreement (including any legal proceedings initiated by Indemnitee under Section 2(b)) or any other agreement or under applicable law or the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws now or hereafter in effect relating to indemnification for Indemnifiable Events and/or (ii) recovery under any directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advance expense payment or insurance recovery, as the case may be. 6. Partial Indemnity . If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of the Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement of a Proceeding but not, however, for all of the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. Moreover, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that the Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any or all Proceedings relating in whole or in part to an Indemnifiable Event or in defense of any issue or matter therein, including dismissal without prejudice, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses incurred in connection therewith. 7. Defense to Indemnification, Burden of Proof and Presumptions . (a) It shall be a defense to any action brought by the Indemnitee against the Company to enforce this Agreement (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending a Proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking has been tendered to the Company) that the Indemnitee has not met the standards of conduct that make it permissible under the [COMPANY] Law for the Company to indemnify the Indemnitee for the amount claimed. In connection with any determination by the Reviewing Party or otherwise as to whether the Indemnitee is entitled to be indemnified hereunder, it shall be presumed that the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, and the Company and anyone else seeking to overcome this presumption 6 shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion, by clear and convincing evidence. Neither the failure of the Company (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action by the Indemnitee that indemnification is proper under the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the [COMPANY] Law, nor an actual determination by the Company (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the Indemnitee had not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any claim, action, suit or proceeding, by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or its equivalent, shall not create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any particular standard of conduct or have any particular belief or that a court has determined that indemnification is not permitted by applicable law. (b) Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee’s action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 7 are satisfied, it shall in any event by presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the [COMPANY] and anyone else seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion, by clear and convincing evidence. (c) Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Reviewing Party making a determination with respect to the Indemnitee’s entitlement to indemnification hereunder, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to the Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. The Reviewing Party shall act reasonably and in good faith in making a determination under this Agreement of Indemnitee’s entitlement to indemnification. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys’ fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee’s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold the Indemnitee harmless therefrom. (d) [COMPANY] acknowledges that a settlement or other disposition short of final judgment may be successful if it permits a party to avoid expense, delay, distraction, disruption and uncertainty. In the event that any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse judgment against 7 Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such Proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in such [COMPANY] and anyone else seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden or persuasion, by clear and convincing evidence. (e) [COMPANY] shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding to enforce this Agreement that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such proceeding that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 8. Non-exclusivity . The rights of the Indemnitee hereunder shall be in addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws or the [COMPANY] Law or otherwise. To the extent that a change in the [COMPANY] Law (whether by statute or judicial decision) permits greater indemnification by agreement than would be afforded currently under the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. 9. Liability Insurance . To the extent the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies, in accordance with its or their terms, to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any Company director of officer. 10. Period of Limitations . No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliate of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitee’s spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, or such longer period as may be required by state law under the circumstances, and any claim or cause of action of the Company or its affiliate shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern. 11. Amendment of this Agreement . No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 12. Subrogation . In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. 8 13. No Duplication of Payments . [COMPANY] shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise actually received payment (under any insurance policy, By-law or otherwise) of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. 14. Settlement of Claims . [COMPANY] shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim effected without the Company’s written consent. [COMPANY] shall not settle any action or claim in any manner which would impose any penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitee’s written consent. Neither the Company nor the Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold their consent to any proposed settlement. [COMPANY] shall not be liable to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement with regard to any judicial award if the Company was not given a reasonable and timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense of such action. 15. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns, including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, spouses, heirs, and personal and legal representatives. [COMPANY] shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. This Agreement shall continue in effect regardless of whether Indemnitee continues to serve as a director or officer of the Company or of any other enterprise at the Company’s request. 16. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable in the event that any of the provisions hereof (including any provision within a single section, paragraph or sentence) is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, and the remaining provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. Furthermore, to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, with limitation, each portion of this Agreement containing any provision held to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, void or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 17. Prior Agreements . This Agreement supersedes any and all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings between the parties relating to the matters provided herein. This Agreement shall be effective as of the date set forth on the first page hereof and shall apply to acts or omissions of Indemnitee which occurred prior to such date if Indemnitee was an officer, director, employee or agent of the Company or of another Enterprise. 18. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed in such State without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws. 9 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Agreement as of the 28th day of May, 2003. Apex Health Distribution By: Ivan D. Meyerson Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Indemnitee 10
exv10w4 Exhibit 10.4 Apex Health Distribution 1997 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS’ EQUITY COMPENSATION AND DEFERRAL PLAN (As Amended through January 29, 2003) 1. Purpose of the Plan. The purpose of the Apex Health Distribution 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan (the “Plan”) is to attract and retain qualified individuals not employed by Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) or its subsidiaries to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company and to further align the interests of such non-employee directors with those of the stockholders of the Company. 2. Definitions. (a) “Annual Meeting” shall mean the annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company. (b) “Annual Retainer” shall mean any retainer fee paid to a non-employee director for service on the Board during a Director Year. (c) “Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. (d) “Change in Control” of the Company shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) Any “person” (as such term is used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), excluding the Company or any of its affiliates, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its affiliates, an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company, is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities; or (ii) During any period of not more than two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clause (i), (iii) or (iv) of this paragraph) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company’s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (iii) The stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than (A) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities; or (iv) The stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the holders of the Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. (e) Effective July 26, 2000 “Committee” shall mean the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance of the Board of Directors. (f) “Committee Chairman Retainer” shall mean any fee paid to a non-employee director for service as the chairman of any committee of the Board. (g) “Common Stock” shall mean shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company. (h) “DCAP II” shall mean the Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II, as amended from time to time. (i) “Director Year” shall mean a calendar year. (j) “Exchange Act” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. (k) “Fair Market Value” of a share of Common Stock as of a particular date shall mean, if the Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange, the average between the lowest reported bid price and highest reported asked price of the 2 Common Stock on such date in the over-the-counter market, or, if the Common Stock is then listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange, the composite closing price on such date as reported in The Wall Street Journal . (l) “Fees” shall mean the sum, for any Director Year, of the Annual Retainer, Meeting Fees and Committee Chairman Retainer. (m) “Meeting Fees” shall mean any fees paid to a non-employee director for attending a meeting of the Board or a committee of the Board, including any fees paid to a non-employee director for extraordinary or special Board and/or committee meetings. (n) “Participant” shall mean a non-employee director of the Company participating in the Plan. (o) “Restricted Stock Unit” shall mean a right to receive, in accordance with the conditions set forth herein, a share of the Common Stock or, alternatively, a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock. (p) “Retainer Option” shall mean a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan in lieu of all or a portion of a Participant’s Annual Retainer, as provided in Sections 6(c) and 6(d)(iv). 3. Effective Date, Duration of Plan. This Plan shall become effective as of January 1, 1997, subject to the approval of the Plan by the stockholders of the Company; provided, that if the Plan is so approved, any election made hereunder prior to such approval shall be deemed effective as of the date such election was made. The Plan will terminate on December 31, 2006 or such earlier date as determined by the Board; provided that no such termination shall affect rights earned or accrued under the Plan prior to the date of termination. 4. Participation. Subject to the prior approval of the Committee, each member of the Board who is not an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall be eligible to participate in the Plan. 5. Common Stock Subject to the Plan. (a) Subject to Section 5(b) below, the maximum aggregate number of shares authorized to be issued under the Plan shall be 1,286,000. All Restricted Stock Units issued hereunder, whether or not distributed in the form of Common Stock, shall count against such maximum. If any options granted hereunder cease to be exercisable in whole or in part, any shares subject thereto but with respect to which such option had not been exercised, shall not count against such maximum. As the Committee shall determine from time to time, the Common Stock may consist of either shares of authorized but unissued Common Stock, or shares of authorized and issued Common Stock reacquired by the Company and held in its treasury. (b) In the event that the Committee shall determine that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, stock or other property), recapitalization, stock 3 split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase or share exchange or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the Common Stock such that an adjustment is determined by the Committee to be appropriate to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, then the Committee may, in its sole discretion and in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust any or all of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to outstanding awards under the Plan, and (iii) the grant or exercise price with respect to any option. 6. Restricted Stock Units; Deferrals. (a) Transition Grant. As soon as practicable following January 1, 1997, each Participant shall receive an initial grant (the “Transition Grant”) of a number of Restricted Stock Units in consideration for the termination of such Participant’s accrued benefits and rights under the Company’s Director’s Retirement Program (the “Prior Plan”); provided that the Transition Grant shall be subject to the receipt by the Company of a written release from the Participant, in the form approved by the Committee, consenting to such termination. The number of Restricted Stock Units granted to a Participant in respect of the Transition Grant shall equal the Accrued Benefit (as defined below), divided by the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as of December 31, 1996. A Participant’s Accrued Benefit shall equal his or her accrued benefit under the Prior Plan, as of December 31, 1996. (b) Annual Grant. On the date of each Annual Meeting prior to the termination or expiration of the Plan, beginning with the 1997 Annual Meeting, each Participant shall receive a grant of 400 Restricted Stock Units. Effective January 27, 1999, the annual grants of 400 Restricted Stock Units shall be discontinued. (c) Mandatory Deferral. On each date that any portion of the Annual Retainer would otherwise be payable to a Participant prior to the termination or expiration of the Plan, each such Participant shall be required to defer the receipt of an amount equal to 50% of such portion of Annual Retainer (the “Mandatory Deferral”), which amount shall be deferred in the form of Restricted Stock Units or Retainer Options, as elected by the Participant prior to the end of the calendar year preceding the year in which the Annual Retainer is payable. In the event that a participant fails to make such an election with respect to any calendar year in which he or she receives payment of an Annual Retainer, the Participant shall be deemed to have elected to receive the Annual Retainer in the form of Restricted Stock Units. The number of Restricted Stock Units granted to a Participant in respect of such Mandatory Deferral shall equal the Mandatory Retainer, divided by the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as of the last trading day of the calendar quarter immediately preceding the date such Annual Retainer would otherwise be payable. Fractional Shares shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share. To the extent applicable, Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this paragraph shall be subject to the same terms and conditions described in Section 6(d)(ii) below. The number of Retainer Option shares granted to a Participant in respect of such deferral shall be determined using the same conversion rate as employed in that year for the purpose of determining the 4 number of stock option shares to be granted to employees in lieu of awards under the Company’s Management Incentive Plan. (d) Optional Deferral. All Fees (other than the portion of Annual Retainer subject to Mandatory Deferral described above) earned by a Participant in each Director Year prior to the termination or expiration of the Plan shall be subject to the following payment and deferral options. Each Participant may elect by written notice to the Company, in accordance with the procedures established by the Company, to participate in such payment and deferral options. (i) Cash Alternative. Unless a valid election is made in accordance with the procedures established by the Company, each Participant shall receive payment of all Fees (other than the portion of Annual Retainer subject to Mandatory Deferral described above) in the form of cash. (ii) Restricted Stock Unit Alternative. Subject to executing a valid election with the Company (the “RSU Election”), each Participant may elect to defer all or any portion of his or her Fees (other than the portion of Annual Retainer subject to Mandatory Deferral described above) in the form of Restricted Stock Units. The number of Restricted Stock Units granted shall equal the amount of Fees so deferred, divided by the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock as of the last trading day of the calendar quarter in which such Fees would otherwise be payable. Fractional Shares shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share. The RSU Election (A) shall be in the form of a document executed by the Participant and filed with the Secretary of the Company, (B) shall be made before the first day of the calendar year in which the applicable Fees are earned and shall become irrevocable on the last day prior to the beginning of such calendar year, and (C) shall continue until the Participant ceases to serve as a director of the Company or until he or she terminates or modifies such election by written notice to the Company in accordance with the procedures established by the Company, any such termination or modification to be effective as of the end of the calendar year in which such notice is given with respect to Fees otherwise payable in subsequent calendar years. Any person who becomes a Participant during any Director Year may execute an RSU Election prior to commencing service on the Board with respect to Fees to be earned for the remainder of such year and for future Director Years in accordance with the procedures established by the Company. Each Restricted Stock Unit shall entitle the holder to, upon distribution thereof (A) receive a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock, or (B) have issued in his or her name one share of Common Stock. In either case, each such Restricted Stock Unit shall terminate upon distribution. [COMPANY] shall credit each Participant holding Restricted Stock Units with a number of additional Restricted Stock Units equal to any dividends and other distributions paid by the Company on an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock, as of the date such dividends or distributions are payable. Such additional Restricted Stock Units shall thereafter be treated as any other Restricted Stock Units issued under the Plan. Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, 5 transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until such time as share certificates for Common Stock are issued. Each Participant issued Restricted Stock Units shall execute a valid distribution election in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee (the “Distribution Election”). [COMPANY] Election shall indicate (A) whether distribution shall be made in the form of Common Stock or cash, (B) whether the distribution shall be made in a single allotment or in substantially equal annual installments over a period not to exceed ten (10) years and (C) with respect to Distribution Elections filed on or after October 28, 1998, the date on which the distribution shall commence in accordance with the next paragraph. [COMPANY] Election (D) shall be in the form of a document executed by the participant and filed with the Secretary of the Company, (E) shall be made no later than twelve (12) months prior to the distribution date and (F) shall become irrevocable twelve (12) months prior to the distribution date. With respect to a Distribution Election completed on or after October 28, 1998, the Participant shall elect whether distributions shall commence as soon as practicable after (i) the first business day of January of the calendar year following the Participant’s cessation from service as a director of the Company; or (ii) the first business day of January of any calendar year, provided that such calendar year is not later than the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 72. All other distributions shall commence as soon as practicable after the first business day of the January following the Participant’s cessation from service as a director of the Company. If no valid Distribution Election is made, the Restricted Stock Units shall be distributed in a lump sum as soon as practicable after the first business day of January of the calendar year following the Participant’s cessation from service as a director of the Company, in the form of cash. Participants who receive Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights as stockholders with respect to such Restricted Stock Units until share certificates for Common Stock are issued. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, any fractional shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder shall be paid in cash. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, Common Stock to be issued in respect of all Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately distributed. (iii) DCAP II Alternative. Subject to executing an election in accordance with the procedures established by the Company and the terms of DCAP II, each Participant may elect to defer all or any portion of his or her Fees (other than the portion of Annual Retainer subject to Mandatory Deferral described above) under DCAP II. (iv) Retainer Option Alternative. Subject to executing an election in accordance with the procedures established by the Company, each Participant may elect to receive the portion of Annual Retainer not subject to Mandatory Deferral, as described in Section 6(c) above, in the form of Retainer Options. The number of Retainer Option shares granted to a Participant with respect to such deferral shall be determined in the manner described in Section 6(c) above. 6 7. Stock Options. (a) Discretionary Grants. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant options to purchase Common Stock to Participants, pursuant to such terms and conditions that it may deem advisable, so long as not inconsistent with Section 7(d) below or any other terms of this Plan. (b) Formula Grants. Each Participant then serving as a non-employee director of the Company shall automatically receive, on the date of each January meeting of the Board, an option to purchase 7,500 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 5(b) above); provided however, that a Participant who is elected to the Board after the January meeting of the Board shall be granted, as of the date of election, a prorated number of options with respect to the initial year of participation in the Plan, based on the number of full calendar quarters remaining in the calendar year in which the Participant is elected to the Board. The options granted pursuant to this Section 7(b) shall be exercisable in full beginning one year from the date of grant and have an option term of ten years; provided however, that shares not vested at the time a Participant terminates service as a Non-Employee Director shall be cancelled. (c) Retainer Option Grants. At the same time that the Company makes stock option grants annually to eligible employees, each Participant who has made an election to receive a Retainer Option pursuant to Section 6(c) or 6(d)(iv) with respect to all or any portion of the Annual Retainer to be paid in such year shall be granted an option to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock determined pursuant to Section 6(c) and/or Section 6(d)(iv), as applicable. The terms of such Retainer Options shall be as prescribed by the Committee, so long as such terms are not inconsistent with Section 7(d) below or any other terms of this Plan. (d) Terms and Conditions of Options. Except as provided in Section 7(b) above, the following terms and conditions shall apply to all options granted to Participants under the Plan. (i) The exercise price of each option shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock covered by the option on the date the option is granted. (ii) Each option granted pursuant to the Plan shall be evidenced by a written grant agreement (the “Agreement”) executed by the Company and the person to whom such option is granted which shall provide such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion, so long as not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan. (iii) The term of each option shall be for no more than ten years. (iv) The Agreement may contain such other terms, provisions, and conditions as may be determined by the Committee (not inconsistent with this Plan). Unless otherwise provided in the Agreement and excluding options granted under paragraph (b) above, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, extend the post- 7 termination exercise period with respect to an option (but not beyond the original term of such option). (v) Payment of the purchase price upon exercise of any option shall be made in cash; provided that the Committee, in its sole discretion, may permit an option holder to pay the option price by such other method that it may deem appropriate, including, without limitation, by tendering to the Company shares of Common Stock owned by the option holder, and having a Fair Market Value equal to the option price. Such stock surrender method may permit an election by the option holder to have the unrealized gain with respect to the option denominated in stock units (based on the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise) and paid in shares of Common Stock at the time specified by the Participant at the time of making the stock surrender option gain deferral election. During the deferral period each such stock unit shall be credited with additional stock units equal to any dividends or other distributions paid by the Company on an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock, as of the date such dividends or distributions are payable. Stock units may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until such time as share certificates for Common Stock are issued. (vi) All such options shall be designated as stock options which do not qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (vii) Unless otherwise provided in an Agreement, options granted under the Plan will become immediately and fully vested and exercisable upon the occurrence of a Change in Control. 8. Administration. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall have full power to interpret the Plan and formulate additional details and regulations for carrying out the Plan. Any decision or interpretation adopted by the Committee shall be final and conclusive. 9. No Right to Serve. Nothing in the Plan shall confer upon any Participant the right to remain in service as a member of the Board. 10. Amendment and Termination. The Board at any time may amend or terminate the Plan; provided that any such amendment or termination does not adversely affect the rights of any Participant. 11. Governing Law. The validity, construction and effect of the Plan and any such actions taken under or relating to the Plan shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 12. Notices. All notices under this Plan shall be sent in writing to the Secretary of the Company. All correspondence to the Participants shall be sent in writing to the Participant at the address which is their recorded address as listed on the most recent election form or as specified in the Company’s records. 8 13. Unfunded Status of Awards. The Plan is intended to constitute an “unfunded” plan for incentive and deferred compensation. Nothing contained hereunder shall give any Participant any rights that are greater than those of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. 14. Assignability. (a) General Rule. Each option granted pursuant to this Plan shall, during the Participant’s lifetime, be exercisable only by him. No option nor any right thereunder shall be transferable by the Participant by operation of law or otherwise except to the extent permitted by Section 14(b). (b) Exceptions to General Rule. Notwithstanding Section 14(a), this Plan shall not preclude: (i) any Participant from designating a beneficiary to succeed, after the Participant’s death, to all of the Participant’s options outstanding on the date of the Participant’s death (including, without limitation, the right to exercise any unexercised options); or (ii) any Participant from transferring an option or any right thereunder pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; or (iii) any Participant from voluntarily transferring any option granted pursuant to this Plan to a family member as a gift or through a transfer to an entity in which more than fifty percent of the voting interests are owned by family members (or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. (c) Definitions. (i) Beneficiary. The term “beneficiary” shall mean a person or persons designated by the Participant to succeed to, in the event of death, all outstanding options granted to the Participant or any right thereunder. Any Participant, subject to applicable laws and such limitations as may be prescribed by the Committee, to designate one or more persons primarily or contingently as beneficiaries in writing by notice delivered to the Company, and to revoke such designations in writing. If a Participant fails effectively to designate a beneficiary, or if the Participant’s designated beneficiary(ies) does not survive the Participant, the Participant’s estate shall be the Participant’s beneficiary. (ii) Family Member. The term “family member” shall include any person identified as an “immediate family” member in Rule 16(a)-1(e) of the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may designate any other person(s) or entity(ies) as a “family member.” 9
exv10w15 Exhibit 10.15 Apex Health Distribution SEVERANCE POLICY FOR EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES (Amended and Restated as of January 27, 2004) 1. ADOPTION AND [COMPANY] Severance Policy for Executive Employees (the “Policy”) was adopted effective September 29, 1993 by Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), to provide a program of severance payments to certain employees of the Company and its designated subsidiaries. The Policy is an employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) and Section 2510.3-1 of the regulations issued there under. The plan administrator of the Policy for purposes of ERISA is the Company. 2. DEFINITIONS. Whenever used and capitalized in the text of the Policy, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: (a) “Base Salary and Bonus” means the Principal Officer’s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the date of such Principal Officer’s termination and the target bonus for such Principal Officer for the fiscal year in which such Principal Officer’s termination of employment occurs, in each case inclusive of any amounts deferred by the intended recipient. (b) “Cause” means: (i) The continuing willful failure of the Participant to perform the Participant’s prescribed duties to the Company (other than any such failure resulting from the Participant’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after written notice thereof (specifying the particulars thereof in reasonable detail) and a reasonable opportunity to be heard and cure such failure are given to the Participant by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof; or (ii) The willful commission by the Participant of a wrongful act that caused or was reasonably likely to cause substantial damage to the Company, or an act of gross negligence, fraud, unfair competition, dishonesty or misrepresentation in the performance of the Participant’s duties on behalf of the Company; or (iii) The conviction of the Participant for commission of a felony. 1 (c) “Change of Control” shall have the meaning set forth in the Company’s standard form of termination agreement for executive employees. (d) “Earnings” means a Participant’s monthly base salary. (e) “Participant” means a Principal Officer whose employment is terminated under circumstances that render him or her eligible for the benefits described in Section 3 of the Policy. (f) “Principal Officer” means a person who has been designated as an executive officer of the Company for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by resolution adopted by its Board of Directors. (g) “Severance Payments” means (i) lump-sum cash payments (including payments in lieu of medical and other benefits), (ii) the estimated present value of periodic cash payments under previously established bonus, retirement, deferred compensation, or other Company benefit plans, (iii) fringe benefits other than those provided under Company programs or arrangements applicable to one or more groups of employees in addition to Principal Officers, and (iv) consulting fees (including reimbursable expenses) other than reasonable fees and expenses for bona fide services provided to the Company after termination, paid or payable by the Company to a Principal Officer pursuant to this Policy or otherwise upon a termination by the Company of employment of such Principal Officer at any time other than within two years following a Change of Control, excluding Vested, Accrued or Appropriate Benefits. (h) “Vested, Accrued or Appropriate Benefits” means any benefits paid or payable by the Company to a Principal Officer upon a termination by the Company of employment of such Principal Officer at any time other than within two years following a Change of Control that are (i) earned, accrued, deferred or otherwise received for employment services rendered through the date of termination of employment pursuant to bonus, retirement, deferred compensation, or other Company benefit plans, (ii) approved under the terms of bonus, retirement, deferred compensation, or other Company benefit plans existing at the time of such termination at the reasonable discretion of the Compensation Committee taking into consideration the age, length of service and other circumstances of such termination, (iii) payments or benefits required to be provided by law, and (iv) benefits and perquisites provided by the Company under plans, programs or arrangements of the Company applicable to one or more groups of employees in addition to Principal Officers. For the avoidance of doubt, Vested, Accrued or Appropriate Benefits shall not include benefits payable pursuant to this Policy. (i) “Year of Service” shall have the meaning set forth in Section (1) of Article II of the Apex Health Distribution Retirement Plan. 2 3. SEVERANCE BENEFITS. (a) Basic Severance Benefits. In the event that the Company terminates the employment of a Principal Officer for any reason other than Cause at any time other than within two years following a Change of Control, that Principal Officer shall be entitled to a severance payment equal to the lesser of (A) 12 months’ Earnings plus one additional month for each Year of Service or (B) 24 months’ Earnings. In no event shall the number of months’ Earnings a Participant is entitled to receive hereunder exceed the number of months remaining between the Participant’s termination date and the date he or she will attain age 62 (rounded to the next higher whole month). (b) Mitigation of Damages. The amount of a Participant’s benefits calculated under (a) above shall be reduced by the amount of compensation, if any, the Participant receives from any subsequent employer(s) for work performed during a period of time following his or her termination of employment equal to the number of months of Earnings the Participant is entitled to receive. (c) Effect on Other Plans. Nothing in this Policy shall alter or impair any rights a Participant may have upon termination of employment under any other plan or program of the Company, except as follows: (i) If a Participant is at least age 55 with 15 or more Years of Service at the time of his or her termination under this Section 3, he or she will automatically be granted “Approved Retirement” for purposes of the Company’s Executive Benefit Retirement Plan and the Company’s Executive Survivor Benefits Plan. (ii) A Participant who is terminated pursuant to this Section 3 shall not receive pro rata Long-Term Incentive Plan awards for any cycles in progress as of his or her termination date. (d) No Duplication of Benefits. In no event shall a Participant be entitled to any benefits under this Policy if his or her employment with the Company terminates under circumstances that entitle the Participant to receive severance benefits following a Change of Control of the Company. 4. FORM OF BENEFIT. The benefit described in Section 3(a) shall be paid in a lump sum or in monthly installments over a period commencing on the date of the Participant’s termination of employment not to exceed the number of months determined under said Section. 5. EFFECT OF DEATH OF EMPLOYEE. Should a Participant die after employment terminates but while participating in the Policy 3 and prior to the payment of the entire benefit due hereunder, the balance of the benefit payable under the Policy shall be paid in a lump sum to the Participant’s surviving spouse, or, if none, to his or her surviving children or, if none, to his or her estate. 6. [COMPANY] shall seek approval or ratification of its stockholders at the Company’s next annual or special meeting of stockholders for any arrangement whereby the present value of any Severance Payments for any Principal Officer exceeds 2.99 times such Principal Officer’s Base Salary and Bonus. This provision will apply to any arrangement or agreement with a Principal Officer entered into after July 30, 2003, including extensions, modifications or renewals after such date of arrangements or agreements entered into prior to such date, other than extensions, modifications or renewals of arrangements or agreements entered into prior to such date pursuant to which the Company is obligated to renew or extend such arrangements or agreements upon the same terms and conditions as previously agreed. 7. [COMPANY] reserves the right to amend or terminate the Policy at any time and to increase or decrease the amount of any benefit provided under the Policy by action of the Compensation Committee of its Board of Directors; provided, however, that no such action shall have the effect of decreasing the benefit of a Participant whose employment with the Company terminated prior to the date of the Compensation Committee’s action. 8. ADMINISTRATION AND FIDUCIARIES. (a) Plan Sponsor and [COMPANY] is the “plan sponsor” and the “administrator” of the Policy, within the meaning of ERISA. (b) [COMPANY] shall be the named fiduciary with the power and sole discretion to determine who is eligible for benefits under the Policy, to determine the value of benefits paid in any form other than cash or the present value of any cash or other benefits paid over time, to interpret the Policy and to prescribe such forms, make such rules, regulations and computations and prescribe such guidelines as it may determine are necessary or appropriate for the operation and administration of the Policy and to change the terms of or rescind such rules, regulations or guidelines. Such determinations of eligibility, rules, regulations, interpretations, computations and guidelines shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons. In administering the Policy, the Company shall at all times discharge its duties with respect to the Policy in accordance with the standards set forth in section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. (c) Allocation and Delegation of Responsibilities. The Compensation Committee may allocate any of the Company’s responsibilities for the operation and administration of the Policy among the Company’s officers, employees and agents. It may 4 also delegate any of the Company’s responsibilities under the Policy by designating, in writing, another person to carry out such responsibilities. (d) No Individual Liability. It is declared to be the express purpose and intent of the Company that no individual liability shall attach to or be incurred by any member of the Board of Directors of the Company, or by any officer, employee representative or agent of the Company, under, or by reason of the operation of, the Policy. 9. CLAIMS AND REVIEW PROCEDURES The Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors shall establish a procedure pursuant to which a Participant may file a claim for benefits under the Policy, and at the request of a Participant it shall also provide a full and fair review of any denied claim for benefits under the Policy. A claim for benefits and a request for the review of a denied benefit shall be made in writing and addressed to the Compensation Committee at the Company’s headquarters. The Compensation Committee’s response shall be in writing and shall be given in a manner and time consistent with the regulations under ERISA Section 503. The Compensation Committee shall establish such rules and procedures, consistent with the Policy and with ERISA, as it may deem necessary or appropriate in carrying out its responsibilities under this Section 8. 10. GENERAL PROVISIONS. (a) Basis of Payments to and from Policy. All benefits under the Policy shall be paid by the Company. The Policy shall be unfunded and benefits hereunder shall be paid only from the general assets of the Company. Nothing contained in the Policy shall be deemed to create a trust of any kind for the benefit of any employee, or create any fiduciary relationship between the Company and any employee with respect to any assets of the [COMPANY] is under no obligation to fund the benefits provided herein prior to payment, although it may do so if it chooses. Any assets which the Company chooses to use for advance funding shall not cause the Policy to be a funded plan within the meaning of ERISA. (b) No Employment Rights. Nothing in the Policy shall be deemed to give any individual the right to remain in the employ of the Company or a subsidiary or to limit in any way the right of the Company or a subsidiary to discharge, demote, reclassify, transfer, relocate an individual or terminate an individual’s employment at any time and for any reason, which right is hereby reserved. (c) Non-alienation of Benefits. No benefit payable under the Policy shall be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any attempt to do shall be void. (d) Legal Construction. The Policy shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with ERISA. 5 11. EXECUTION This Amended and Restated Severance Policy shall be effective as of January 27, 2004. Apex Health Distribution By: Paul E. Kirincic, Senior Vice President, Human Resources 6
exv10w30 Exhibit 10.30 SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (“Amendment”), dated as of May , 2003, is among [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation (“Seller”), Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (formerly known as Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc., the “Servicer”; the Servicer together with the Seller, the “Seller Parties” and each a “Seller Party”), the “Purchasers” party hereto, the “Managing Agents” party hereto, and Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago, “Bank One”), as the collateral agent (the “Collateral Agent”). Defined terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the “Receivables Purchase Agreement” (as hereinafter defined). WHEREAS, the Seller, the Servicer, the funding entities parties thereto (the “Financial Institutions”), [COMPANY] (“PREFCO”), [COMPANY] (“Falcon”), [COMPANY] (“Blue Ridge”) and [COMPANY]. (“Liberty Street”) (PREFCO, Falcon, Blue Ridge and Liberty Street being referred to collectively as the “Conduits”, and together with the Financial Institutions, the “Purchasers”), Bank One, Wachovia Bank, National Association (successor to Wachovia Bank, N.A.) and The Bank of Nova Scotia (collectively, the “Managing Agents”) and the Collateral Agent are parties to the Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999, as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated as of September 29, 1999, the Second Amendment thereto dated as of December 6, 1999, the Third Amendment and Waiver thereto dated as of June 16, 2000, the Fourth Amendment thereto dated as of June 15, 2001, the Fifth Amendment thereto dated as of June 14, 2002 and the Sixth Amendment thereto dated as of December 6, 2002 (the “Receivables Purchase Agreement”); and WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the Receivables Purchase Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. Effective as of the date first above written and subject to the execution of this Amendment by the parties hereto and the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 below, the Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be and hereby is amended as follows: 1.1. Section 7.2(b) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following new Section 7.2(b) is substituted therefor: (b) Change in Payment Instructions to Obligors. Such Seller Party will not add or terminate any bank as a Collection Bank, or make any change in the instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made to any Lock-Box or Collection Account, unless the Collateral Agent shall have received (i) at least ten (10) days before the proposed effective date therefor, written notice of such addition, termination or change; provided, however, that the Servicer may make changes in instructions to Obligors regarding payments if such new instructions require such Obligor to make payments to another existing Collection Account, and (ii) at least ten (10) days before the proposed effective date therefor (or such shorter prior period as may be agreed to by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion), with respect to the addition of a Collection Bank or a Collection Account or Lock-Box, an executed Collection Account Agreement with respect to the new Collection Account or Lock-Box. 1.2. Exhibit IV to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the restated Exhibit IV attached hereto is substituted therefor. 2. Conditions Precedent. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date above written if and only if the Managing Agents have received duly executed signature pages of this Amendment from each of the parties listed on the signature pages hereto. 3. Representations and Warranties of the Seller Parties. Each of the Seller Parties hereby represents and warrants as follows: a. This Amendment and the Receivables Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Seller Party and are enforceable against such Seller Party in accordance with their terms. b. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each Seller Party hereby reaffirms all representations and warranties made in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and to the extent the same are not amended hereby, agrees that all such representations and warranties shall be deemed to have been remade as of the date of delivery of this Amendment, unless and to the extent that any such representation and warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. c. As of the date hereof and after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) there exists no Amortization Event or Potential Amortization Event and (ii) the Amortization Date has not occurred. 4. Reference to and Effect on the Receivables Purchase Agreement. a. Upon the effectiveness of Section 1 hereof, on and after the date hereof, each reference in the Receivables Purchase Agreement to “this Receivables Purchase Agreement,” “hereunder,” “hereof,” “herein” or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Receivables Purchase Agreement as amended hereby. b. The Receivables Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 2 c. Except as expressly provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Managing Agents, the Financial Institutions or the Collateral Agent, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith. 5. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws (as opposed to the conflict of law provisions) of the State of New York. 6. Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 7. Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to the Amendment on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A facsimile signature page hereto sent to the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Managing Agents) or the Collateral Agent’s counsel shall be effective as a counterpart signature provided each party executing such a facsimile counterpart agrees to deliver originals to the Collateral Agent (or its counsel) thereof. 3 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on the date first above written. CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, as the Seller By: Name: Title: Apex Health Distribution (formerly known as Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc.), as the Servicer By: Name: Title: PREFERRED RECEIVABLES FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By: Authorized Signatory FALCON ASSET SECURITIZATION CORPORATION, as a Conduit By: Authorized Signatory BLUE RIDGE ASSET FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By: Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Attorney-In-Fact By: Name: Title: Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Apex Health Distribution RPA LIBERTY STREET FUNDING CORP., as a Conduit By: Name: Title: BANK ONE, NA (Main Office Chicago) (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago), as a Committed Purchaser for PREFCO and Falcon, a Financial Institution, a Managing Agent and as Collateral Agent By: Name: Title: WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (successor to Wachovia Bank, N.A.), as a Committed Purchaser for Blue Ridge, a Financial Institution and a Managing Agent By: Name: Title: THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Committed Purchaser for Liberty Street, a Financial Institution and a Managing Agent By: Name: Title: Signature Page to Seventh Amendment to Apex Health Distribution RPA RESTATED EXHIBIT IV TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT EXHIBIT IV NAMES OF COLLECTION BANKS; COLLECTION ACCOUNTS COLLECTION ACCOUNT COLLECTION BANK NUMBER LOCK-BOX ADDRESS Bank of America, N.A. 12338-33656 n/a Bank of America, N.A. 12334-03156 #409521 Atlanta, GA 30384-9521 Bank of America, N.A. 12334-03137 #12748 12748 Collections Center Drive Chicago, IL 60693 Bank of America, N.A. 12331-12374 P.O. Box #848442 Dallas, TX 75284-8442 Bank of America, N.A. 12334-03151 File #57256 Los Angeles, CA 90074-7256 Fifth Third Bank 72906223 P.O. Box 631307 Cincinnati, OH 45263-1307 Wachovia Bank, National Association (f/k/a First Union National Bank) 2000001388389 P.O. Box 862013 Orlando, FL 32886-2013 U.S. Bank National Association (f/k/a/Mercantile Bank (f/k/a Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A.)) 153691426990 P.O. Box 78865 Milwaukee, WI 53278-0865 AllFirst Bank (f/k/a First National Bank of Maryland) 19178327 P.O. Box 64638 Baltimore, MD 21264-4638 Bank One, NA (f/k/a The First National Bank of Chicago) 5114489 P.O. Box 73984 Chicago, IL 60673-7984 Bank One, NA (f/k/a The First National Bank of Chicago) 5114497 P.O. Box 730477 Dallas, TX 75373-0477 Bank One, NA (f/k/a The First National Bank of Chicago) 5114470 P.O. Box 100681 Pasadena, CA 91189-0681 Bank One, NA (f/k/a The First National Bank of Chicago) 5110939 P.O. Box 13451 Newark, NJ 07188-0451 Mellon Bank, N.A. 0378986 (and electronic lockbox 0047378) P. O. Box 371648 Pittsburgh, PA 15251-7648 U.S. Bank National Association (f/k/a Mercantile Bank N.A.) 153691427006 P.O. Box 952331 St. Louis, MO 63195-2331 COLLECTION ACCOUNT COLLECTION BANK NUMBER LOCK-BOX ADDRESS Wells Fargo (f/k/a Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A.) 1018214174 Department #1070 Denver, CO 80291-1070 Wells Fargo (f/k/a Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A.) 0755008 P.O. Box 1450 NW9024 Minneapolis, MN 55485-9024 U.S. Bank National Association 153505531530 P.O. Box 3646 Seattle, WA 98124-3646 Wachovia Bank, National Association (f/k/a Wachovia Bank, N.A.) 8733043871 (and various electronic lockboxes) P.O. Box 75698 Charlotte, NC 28275-0698 Bank of Montreal/Harris Bank 3378957 (and electronic lockbox 3379070) n/a
exv10w43 EXHIBIT 10.43 EXTENDED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This EXTENDED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), effective as of April 1, 2004 (the “Effective Date”), by and between Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”), a Delaware corporation with its principal office at One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, Midland, Kansas, and William Harrington (“Executive”). RECITALS A. WHEREAS, Executive and the Company have previously entered into that certain Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of June 21, 1999 (the “Prior Employment Agreement”); B. WHEREAS, the Prior Employment Agreement required the Company to offer to continue Executive’s employment on certain terms and conditions identical to those contained in the Prior Employment Agreement; C. WHEREAS, the Company, in its business, develops and uses certain Confidential Information (as defined in Paragraph 6(c) below). Such Confidential Information will necessarily be communicated to or acquired by Executive by virtue of his employment with the Company, and the Company has spent time, effort and money to develop such Confidential Information and to promote and increase its goodwill; and D. WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the services of, and employ, Executive on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliated companies for the period provided in this Agreement and, in so doing, to protect its Confidential Information and goodwill, and Executive is willing to accept employment by the Company on a full-time basis for such period, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to accept employment from, and remain in the employ of, the Company for the period stated in Paragraph 3 hereof. 2. Position and Responsibilities. During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive agrees to serve the Company, and the Company shall employ Executive, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and in such other senior corporate executive capacities consistent with such position as may be specified from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”). During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive shall report directly to the Board. Executive also presently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company (“Chairman”). 1 3. Term and Duties. (a) Term of Employment. The period of Executive’s employment under this Agreement shall be deemed to have commenced on the date of this Agreement and shall continue until March 31, 2009, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Paragraph 7 below; provided, however, that beginning on April 1, 2006, this Agreement shall begin renewing automatically, such that the remaining term of this Agreement is always three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Paragraph 7 below (the “Term”). (b) Duties. During the period of his employment hereunder and except for illness, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall devote substantially all of his business time, attention, skill and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, as such business and affairs now exist and as they may be hereafter changed or added to, under and pursuant to the general direction of the Board; provided, however, that, (i) with the approval of the Board (which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, hold any other offices or positions in, for profit companies or organizations, which, in the Board’s judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or divisions, or materially affect the performance of Executive’s duties pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) Executive may devote a portion of his time to the management of his personal affairs or involvement in charitable activities, which activities shall not materially affect the performance of Executive’s duties pursuant to this Agreement. The services which are to be employed by Executive hereunder are to be rendered in the State of California, or in such other place or places in the United States or elsewhere as may be determined from time to time by the Board, but are to be rendered primarily at the Company’s principal place of business at One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 in Midland, Kansas. Unless and until otherwise mutually agreed to between the Company and Executive, Executive shall be at liberty to maintain his residence in the Midland, Kansas Bay Area, State of California. 4. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses; Other Benefits. (a) Compensation. During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive shall be paid a salary, in monthly or semi-monthly installments (in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices for senior executive officers), at the rate of Nine Hundred and Ninety-Five Thousand Dollars ($995,000) per year, or such higher salary as may be from time to time approved by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) (any such higher salary so approved to be thereafter the minimum salary payable to Executive during the remainder of the Term hereof), plus such additional incentive compensation, if any, as may be awarded to him 2 yearly by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof). For purposes of the MIP (as defined in subparagraph (c) below), for each of the Company’s fiscal years ending during the Term of this Agreement, Executive’s Individual Target Award shall be One Hundred and Thirty-Five Percent (135%) of his base salary for the applicable Year (as defined in the MIP). In addition, in years when the Company achieves one hundred percent (100%) of the Business Scorecard Target applicable to Executive, Executive will receive an award of restricted stock (or a similar equity equivalent) equal in value on the date of grant to fifty percent (50%) of Executive’s actual MIP award. The value of such award, on the date of grant (i.e., the number of shares multiplied by the fair market value of each share on the date of grant) shall be considered compensation in determining “Average Final Compensation” for purposes of the Apex Health Distribution Executive Benefit Retirement Plan (“EBRP”). Executive shall also receive an automobile allowance from the Company of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per month during the Term of this Agreement. (b) Reimbursement of [COMPANY] shall pay or reimburse Executive, in accordance with its normal policies and practices, for all reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in performing his obligations hereunder. [COMPANY] further agrees to furnish Executive with such assistance and accommodations as shall be suitable to the character of Executive’s position with the Company and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. (c) Other Benefits. During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive shall be entitled to receive all other benefits of employment generally available to other members of the Company’s management and those benefits for which key executives are or shall become eligible, when and as he becomes eligible therefor, including without limitation, group health and life insurance benefits, short and long-term disability plans, deferred compensation plans, and participation in the Company’s Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Executive Medical Plan, Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”), Long Term Incentive Plan, Executive Benefit Retirement Plan (“EBRP”), Executive Survivor Benefits Plan (“ESBP”), Stock Purchase Plan and 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), and the Company agrees that none of such benefits shall be altered in any manner or in such a way as to reduce any then existing entitlement of Executive thereunder or any entitlement provided for hereunder. To the extent specific provisions of this Agreement that relate to other plans or arrangements of the Company are more favorable than the terms and conditions set forth in such other plan or arrangement of the Company, the provisions of this Agreement shall control. Additionally, to the extent any other plan or arrangement of the Company contains provisions regarding noncompetition, unauthorized use of confidential information, or nonsolicitation, such provisions shall not be deemed to have been violated 3 by Executive except to the extent his activities would also constitute a violation of similar provisions contained herein. In addition to the foregoing: (i) Sign-On Bonus. Executive will receive a special, one-time sign-on bonus in the amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) upon execution and delivery of this Agreement. (ii) Housing Loan. Executive and the Company acknowledge and agree that the terms and conditions of the housing loan between Executive and the Company remain in full force and effect. 5. Benefits Payable Upon Disability or Death. (a) Disability Benefits. If, during the term of Executive’s employment hereunder, Executive shall be prevented from properly performing services hereunder by reason of his illness or other physical or mental incapacity, the Company shall continue to pay Executive his then current salary hereunder during the period of such disability; or, if less, for a period of (12) calendar months, at which time the Company’s obligations hereunder (other than as provided herein) shall cease and terminate. Following the expiration of such 12-month period, Executive shall be eligible to receive his benefits pursuant to the EBRP calculated at the percentage in effect at the time of the disability as described in Paragraph 8(b)(i)(E) herein, subject to a maximum level of seventy-five percent (75%), of Average Final Compensation (as defined in Paragraph 4(a) above) without regard to any reduction for early retirement; provided that the lump-sum payment for this Approved Retirement shall never be less than the lump-sum payment that would have been provided under Executive’s Prior Employment Agreement for an Approved Retirement under EBRP on April 1, 2004 (the “Minimum Lump-Sum Payment”). (b) Death Benefits. In the event of the death of Executive during the term of his employment hereunder, (i) Executive’s salary payable hereunder shall continue to be paid to Executive’s surviving spouse, or if there is no spouse surviving, then to Executive’s designee or representative (as the case may be) through the six-month period following the end of the calendar month in which Executive’s death occurs and (ii) the benefits payable under the EBRP, subject to the Minimum Lump-Sum Payment described in Paragraph 5(a) above, calculated at the percentage in effect at the time of his death as described in Paragraph 8(b)(i)(E) herein, subject to a maximum level of seventy-five percent (75%), of Average Final Compensation (as defined in Paragraph 4(a) above) shall be payable without regard to any reduction for early retirement. Thereafter, all of the Company’s obligations hereunder (other than as provided herein) shall cease and terminate. 4 (c) Other Plans. Except as specifically provided herein, the provisions of this Paragraph 5 shall not affect (i) any rights of Executive’s heirs, administrators, executors, legatees, beneficiaries or assigns under the Company’s Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, EBRP, Long Term Incentive Plan, ESBP, 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement), any stock purchase plan or any other employee benefit plan of the Company, and any such rights shall be governed by the terms of the respective plans, or (ii) any rights that exist with respect to indemnification or directors and officers insurance or any other rights hereunder which are intended to continue after a termination of employment. 6. Obligations of Executive During and After Employment. (a) Noncompetition. Executive agrees that during the Term of his employment hereunder, he will engage in no other business activities, directly or indirectly, which are or may be competitive with or which might place him in a competing position to that of the Company; or any affiliated company, without the prior written consent of the Board. Without any inference as to any other activity, the foregoing shall not limit ownership by Executive of (i) less than one percent (1%) of the common stock or public debt of any publicly traded entity; (ii) less than five percent (5%) in any investment pool, hedge fund, private equity fund or other similar vehicle in which Executive has no control over the investments that are made by such investment pool, hedge fund, private equity fund or other similar vehicle; or (iii) the amount of stock or other interests Executive holds as of the Effective Date of this Agreement in the entities listed on Schedule 6(a) hereof, provided that Executive is not actively engaged in the management of such entities. (b) Unauthorized Use of Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) during the course of his employment Executive will have produced and/or have access to Confidential Information, of the Company and its affiliated companies, and (ii) the unauthorized use or sale of any of such confidential or proprietary information at any time would harm the Company and would constitute unfair competition with the Company. Executive promises and agrees not to engage in any unfair competition with the Company by reason of Executive’s use of Confidential Information either during or after the Term of his employment hereunder. Therefore, during and subsequent to his employment by the Company and its affiliated companies, Executive agrees to hold in confidence and not, directly or indirectly, disclose, use, copy or make lists of any such information, except (x) pursuant to his duties hereunder during his employment by the Company, (y) to the extent expressly authorized by the Company in writing or as required by law or (z) to comply with a legal process, provided Executive promptly notifies the Company in order that the Company, at its expense, may seek a 5 protective order and Executive cooperates with the Company in seeking such order. All records, files, drawings, documents, equipment, and the like, or copies thereof, relating to the Company’s business, or the business of any of its affiliated companies, which Executive shall prepare, use, or come into contact with, shall be and remain the sole property of the Company, and shall not be removed (except to allow Executive to perform his responsibilities hereunder while traveling for business purposes or otherwise working away from his office) from the Company’s or the affiliated company’s premises without its prior written consent, and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of employment with the Company and its affiliated companies. This Paragraph 6(b) shall survive the termination or expiration of the term of Executive’s employment hereunder. (c) Confidential Information Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means all information (whether reduced to written, electronic, magnetic or other tangible form) acquired in any way by Executive during the course of his employment with the Company or any of its affiliated companies concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies or the Company’s or any of its affiliated companies’ customers, including, without limitation, (i) all information concerning trade secrets of the Company and its affiliated companies, including computer programs, system documentation, special hardware, product hardware, related software development, manuals, formulae, processes, methods, machines, compositions, ideas, improvements or inventions of the Company and its affiliated companies, (ii) all sales and financial information concerning the Company and its affiliated companies, (iii) all customer and supplier lists of the Company and its affiliated companies, (iv) all information concerning products or projects under development of the Company and its affiliated companies or marketing plans for any of those products or projects, and (v) all information in any way concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of customers of the Company and its affiliated companies which was furnished to him by the Company or any of its agents or customers; provided, however, that Confidential Information does not include information which (A) becomes available to the public or the industry in which the Company operates other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive (other than in the normal course of Executive’s duties hereunder), (B) was available to him on a nonconfidential basis outside of his employment with the Company, or (C) becomes available to him on a non-confidential basis from a source that Executive believes in good faith is not under an obligation of confidentiality to the Company. (d) Nonsolicitation. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that it is essential for the proper protection of the business of the Company and its affiliated companies that Executive be restrained for a reasonable period 6 following the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company and its affiliated companies from: (i) soliciting or inducing any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies to leave the employ of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; (ii) hiring or attempting to hire any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; or (iii) directly and personally soliciting the trade of or trading with the customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for any competitive business purpose. Accordingly, Executive agrees that during the Term of his employment hereunder, and for the Restricted Period thereafter following the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company and its affiliated companies for any reason, Executive shall not, (x) directly or indirectly, hire, solicit, aid in or encourage the hiring and/or solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, or induce or encourage to leave the employment of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; or (y) directly and personally solicit, or use Confidential Information to aid in the solicitation of, contract with, or service any person or entity which is, or was, within two (2) years prior to the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company and its affiliated companies, a customer or client of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for the purpose of offering or selling a product or service competitive with any of those offered by the Company or any of its affiliated companies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Paragraph 6(d) shall prohibit Executive from providing references on an unsolicited basis with respect to employees of the Company. For purposes of this Paragraph 6(d), the “Restricted Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the longer of (i) two (2) years following the termination of Executive’s employment for any reason, or (ii) the period during which Executive is receiving salary continuation payments hereunder. This Paragraph 6(d) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (e) Remedy for Breach. Executive agrees that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in this Paragraph 6, the Company shall have the right and remedy to have such covenants specifically enforced by any court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any material breach of any of the covenants will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. 7. Termination. (i) For Cause. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may, without liability, terminate Executive’s employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below) at any time within ninety (90) days of the date the Board of Directors, or of any Committee thereof, first has knowledge of the event justifying such termination by delivery of a Notice of Termination (as 7 defined in subparagraph (d) below) from the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) specifying such Cause, and thereafter, the Company’s obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (ii) Definition of Cause. Except as provided in Paragraph 8(c)(iii) below, as used herein, the term “Cause” shall mean (i) Executive’s willful engaging in misconduct with regard to the Company or any of its affiliated companies which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company and its affiliated companies taken as a whole, (ii) Executive’s willful dishonesty of a material nature involving the Company’s or any of its affiliated companies’ assets, or (iii) a material failure by Executive to comply with any of the provisions of this Agreement. No act, or failure to act, on Executive’s part shall be considered “willful” unless done, or omitted to be done, by Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that Executive’s action or omission was in the best interest of the Company or its subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause pursuant to this Paragraph 7(a) unless and until there shall have been delivered to Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose of making a determination of whether Cause for termination exists (after reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for Executive to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, Executive was guilty of misconduct as set forth above in this subparagraph 7(a)(i) and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. In addition, if the conduct alleged to have constituted Cause is curable (as determined by the Board), the Notice of Termination shall not be delivered until after the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such Cause and Executive has failed to cure such conduct, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. (iii) Arbitration Required to Confirm Cause. In the event of a termination for Cause pursuant to this Paragraph 7(a) or pursuant to subparagraph 8(c)(iii), the Company shall continue to pay Executive’s then current compensation as specified in this Agreement until the issuance of an arbitration award affirming the Company’s action. Such arbitration shall be held in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 10(c) below. In the event the award upholds the action of the Company, Executive shall promptly repay to the Company any sums received pursuant to Paragraph 8 below, following termination of employment. 8 (b) Other than for Cause, Performance, Reorganization; Any Reason or Reasons. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may also terminate Executive’s employment (without regard to any general or specific policies of the Company relating to the employment or termination of its employees) (i) should Executive fail to perform his duties hereunder in a manner satisfactory to the Board, provided that Executive shall first be given written notice of such unsatisfactory performance and a period of ninety (90) days to improve such performance to a level deemed acceptable to the Board, (ii) should Executive’s position be eliminated as a result of a reorganization or restructuring of the Company or any of its affiliated companies or (iii) for any other reason or reasons. (c) Termination by Executive. Executive may terminate his employment hereunder with or without Good Reason by delivery of a Notice of Termination to the Company, provided that any such Notice of Termination for Good Reason shall be given within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of the event giving rise to Good Reason, which notice shall specify the act, or failure to act, alleged to give rise to Good Reason hereunder and shall otherwise comply with the provisions of subparagraph (d) below. If Executive gives the Company such Notice of Termination, the Company shall have fifteen (15) days after receipt of such notice to remedy the facts and circumstances that allegedly gave rise to Good Reason. In the event Executive does not provide a Notice of Termination to the Company of termination for Good Reason, such termination shall be deemed a voluntary resignation by Executive. (i) Definition of Good Reason. As used herein, the term “Good Reason” shall mean any of the following acts or failures to act, if taken without the express written consent of Executive, (A) any material change by the Company in Executive’s functions, duties or responsibilities as President and Chief Executive Officer, which change would cause Executive’s position with the Company to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope as compared to the position and attributes that applied to Executive as of the Effective Date, or an adverse change in Executive’s title, position or his obligation and right to report directly to the Board, provided, however that “Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist if Executive ceases to serve as Chairman; (B) any reduction in Executive’s base annual salary, MIP target or Long Term Incentive compensation (LTI) targets, which LTI targets include cash awards with performance periods greater than one year and equity based grants, except for reductions that are equivalent to reductions applicable to executive officers of the Company; (C) any material failure by the Company to comply with any of the provisions of the Agreement; (D) the Company’s requiring Executive to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which 9 Executive is based as of the Effective Date, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of Executive’s responsibilities; (E) any failure by the Company to obtain the express assumption of the Agreement by any successor or assign of the Company; (F) cancellation of the automatic renewal mechanism set forth in Paragraph 3(a) above; or (G) if the Board removes Executive as Chairman at or after a Change in Control (or prior to a Change in Control if at the request of any third party participating in or causing the Change in Control), unless such removal is required by then-applicable law. Executive’s right to terminate employment for Good Reason pursuant to this Paragraph 7 shall not be affected by Executive’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness. (d) Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executive’s employment by the Company or by Executive hereunder shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a “Notice of Termination” shall mean a written notice which shall indicate the specific termination provisions in this Agreement relied upon and which sets forth (i) in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive’s employment under the provision so indicated and (ii) the date of Executive’s termination of employment, which shall be no earlier than sixty (60) days after such Notice is received by the other party. Any purported termination of Executive’s employment by the Company which is not effected pursuant to a Notice of Termination satisfying the requirements of this Agreement shall not be effective. In the case of a termination for Cause, the Notice of Termination shall also satisfy the requirements set forth in Paragraph 7(a). 8. Obligations of the Company on Termination of Employment. (a) For Cause; Voluntary Resignation. (i) For Cause. If (i) the Company terminates Executive’s employment for Cause hereunder or (ii) Executive terminates his employment with the Company other than for Good Reason, then, except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, all of the Company’s obligations hereunder shall immediately cease and terminate. Executive shall thereupon have no further right or entitlement to additional salary, incentive compensation payments or awards, or any perquisites from the Company whatsoever, and Executive’s rights, if any, under the Company’s employee and executive benefit plans shall be determined solely in accordance with the express terms of the respective plans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall be entitled to receive any accrued base salary, accrued but unused vacation and unreimbursed expenses. 10 (ii) Voluntary Resignation. (A) If Executive resigns other than for Good Reason prior to April 1, 2006, Executive shall receive (1) the benefits under Paragraphs 8(b)(i)(C) and 8(b)(i)(H) below and (2) subject to the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the respective plans (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto), a pension benefit under the EBRP calculated at the initial level of 60% of Average Final Compensation (as modified by Paragraph 4(a) above) and increased by 1.5% per full year from April 1, 2004 until his resignation, which shall be payable at age 65, with the right to elect an immediate lump-sum payout of this EBRP benefit reflecting a full actuarial reduction (using the interest and mortality assumptions then in effect for determining immediate lump sum payouts of EBRP benefits). (B) If Executive resigns other than for Good Reason after March 31, 2006, Executive shall receive (1) the benefits under Paragraphs 8(b)(i)(C) and 8(b)(i)(H) below and (2) subject to the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the respective plans (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto), an Approved Retirement (as defined in the EBRP) commencing on the expiration of this Agreement, which shall be calculated at the initial level of 60% of Average Final Compensation (as modified by Paragraph 4(a) above) and increased by 1.5% per full year from April 1, 2004 until his resignation, with a maximum benefit level of 75% of Average Final Compensation and without any reduction for early retirement; provided that the foregoing EBRP benefit shall be subject to the Minimum Lump-Sum Payment described in Paragraph 5(a) above. (b) Termination Other than for Cause; Termination for Good Reason. (i) If the Company terminates Executive’s employment pursuant to Paragraph 7(b) above or Executive terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason in both cases prior to a Change in Control of the Company or at any time other than within the two (2) years immediately following a Change in Control, then in lieu of any benefits payable pursuant to the Company’s Executive Severance Policy (so long as the compensation and benefits payable hereunder equal or exceed those payable under said Policy) and in complete satisfaction and discharge of all of its obligations to Executive hereunder (other than obligations that arise under Paragraphs 9 or 10 hereof), the Company shall, while Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 6 hereof; provided any such suspended payments and/or benefits shall resume once any such breach has been cured, 11 (A) continue Executive’s then base salary, without increase, for the remainder of the Term (the “Severance Period”), (B) provide Executive with a cash payment equal to Executive’s incentive award compensation under the terms of the Company’s MIP for each fiscal year ending with or within the Severance Period, such MIP awards to be equal, in each case, to 100% of Executive’s Individual Target Award (plus a cash-value equivalent of restricted stock equal to 50% of such Individual Target Award) existing at the time of his termination of employment, (C) provide Executive with lifetime (x) coverage under the Company’s Executive Medical Plan and financial counseling program under the applicable policies as they existed on the date of his termination, and (y) office space and secretarial support services as may be suitable and adequate for Executive’s needs, (D) continue Executive’s participation in the Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II, and Executive’s automobile allowance for the Severance Period, (E) subject to the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the respective plans (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto), continue the accrual and vesting of Executive’s rights, benefits and existing awards for the Severance Period for purposes of the EBRP and ESBP (with Executive’s benefits, for purposes of those two plans only, calculated on the basis of Executive receiving (x) an Approved Retirement (as defined in the EBRP) commencing on the expiration of this Agreement, regardless of Executive’s age at termination, and, (y) with respect to the EBRP, a benefit calculated at the initial level of 60% of Average Final Compensation (as defined in Paragraph 4(a) above) and increased by 0.125% per completed month (i.e., 1.5% per full year) from April 1, 2004 until the expiration of the Severance Period, with a maximum benefit level of 75% of Average Final Compensation under the EBRP without any reduction for early retirement); provided that, in the event Executive’s employment is terminated in connection with a Change of Control pursuant to Paragraph 8(c) below, the foregoing EBRP benefit shall be subject to the Minimum Lump-Sum Payment described in Paragraph 5(a) above. (F) subject to both (x) the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the applicable plans or arrangements (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto) and (y) the provisions of subparagraph (b)(ii) below, accelerate the vesting of all 12 Executive’s awards granted prior to such termination of employment pursuant to the Company’s 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement); provided, that Executive shall in no event be entitled to or receive additional grants or awards subsequent to the date of his termination of employment, (G) continue Executive’s participation in the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan for the Severance Period (but not thereafter) (pro-rating performance periods as of the date Executive ceased rendering services to the Company), provided, that Executive shall not participate in any way whatsoever in any performance period commencing subsequent to the date of termination, (H) deem Executive’s termination to have occurred as if the sum of his age and years of service to the Company is at least 65 for purposes of both the Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II and the 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement), and (I) terminate Executive’s participation in the Company’s tax-qualified profit-sharing plans and stock purchase plans, pursuant to the terms of the respective plans, as of the date of Executive’s termination of employment. During the Severance Period, Executive shall have no obligation to seek other employment and the Company shall not (x) have the right of offset as a result of any compensation Executive may receive from a subsequent employer or, (y) while Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 6, reduce its payments pursuant to this Paragraph 8(b)(i). (c) Termination in Connection with a Change in Control. Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 8(a) and (b) hereof, in the event of an occurrence of a Change in Control (which shall include the 1999 Change in Control), the following provisions shall apply in the event of Executive’s termination of employment (i) within two (2) years following such Change in Control or (ii) within the six (6) month period immediately preceding such Change in Control if such termination of employment occurs at the direction of the person or entity that is involved in, or otherwise in connection with, such Change in Control: (i) If the Company terminates Executive’s employment pursuant to Paragraph 7(b) above or otherwise without Cause (as defined in subparagraph 8(c)(iii) below) or Executive terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason, then the Company shall in lieu of the benefits payable under subparagraphs 13 (A) and (B) of Paragraph 8(b)(i) above immediately pay to Executive in a cash lump sum an amount equal to the greater of: (x) 2.99 multiplied by Executive’s “base amount” determined pursuant to section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) and (y) the sum of the amounts described in clauses (A) and (B) in Paragraph 8(b)(i) above and shall take all actions described in clauses (C) through (I) in Paragraph 8(b)(i) hereof. (ii) Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, a “Change in Control” of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the events set forth in any one of the following subparagraphs shall occur: (A) any Person (as defined in section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and as such term is modified in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), excluding the Company or any of its subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company, is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3) under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities; (B) during any period of not more than two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clause (A), (C) or (D) of this subparagraph) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company’s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; (C) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than (x) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, 14 or (y) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities; or (D) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which, in the judgment of the Compensation Committee of the Board, the holders of the Company’s common stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in subparagraph 7(a)(i), for purposes of this Paragraph 8(c), termination by the Company of Executive’s employment for “Cause” shall mean termination upon Executive’s willful engaging in misconduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. No act, or failure to act, on Executive’s part shall be considered “willful” unless done, or omitted to be done, by Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that Executive’s action or omission was in the best interest of the Company or its subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause pursuant to this subparagraph 8(c)(iii) unless and until there shall have been delivered to Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose of making a determination of whether Cause for termination exists (after reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for Executive to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, Executive was guilty of misconduct as set forth above in this subparagraph 8(c)(iii) and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. In addition, if the conduct alleged to have constituted Cause is curable (as determined by the Board), the Notice of Termination shall not be delivered until after the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such Cause and Executive has failed to cure such conduct, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. 15 (iv) Remedy by Company. If, within two years following a Change in Control, Executive terminates employment for Good Reason in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 8(c), Executive shall make a good faith reasonable determination immediately after the fifteen-day period whether the facts and circumstances that allegedly gave rise to Good Reason have been remedied and shall communicate such determination in writing to the Company (the “Executive Determination”). If Executive determines that adequate remedy has not occurred, then the initial Notice of Termination shall remain in effect. [COMPANY] shall not be bound by any Executive Determination that applies to any termination other than a termination for Good Reason that occurs within two years following a Change in Control. Notwithstanding any dispute concerning whether Good Reason exists for termination of employment or whether adequate remedy has occurred, the Company shall immediately pay to Executive, as specified in subparagraph 8(c)(i), any amounts otherwise due under this Agreement. Executive may be required to repay such amounts to the Company if any such dispute is finally determined adversely to Executive. 9. Excise Tax Payment. (a) If, as a result of Executive’s employment with the Company or termination thereof, the benefits received by Executive (the “Total Payments”) are subject to the excise tax provision set forth in section 4999 of the Code (the “Excise Tax”), the Company shall pay to Executive an additional amount (the “Gross-Up Payment”) such that the net amount retained by Executive, after deduction of any Excise Tax on the benefits received hereunder and any Federal, state and local income and employment taxes and Excise Tax upon the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal to the Total Payments. (b) For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (i) all of the Total Payments shall be treated as “parachute payments” (within the meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) unless, in the opinion of tax counsel (“Tax Counsel”) reasonably acceptable to Executive and selected by the accounting firm which was, immediately prior to the Change in Control, the Company’s independent auditor (the “Auditor”), such payments or benefits (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, including by reason of section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code, (ii) all “excess parachute payments” within the meaning of section 280G(b)(1) of the Code shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax unless, in the opinion of Tax Counsel, such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent “reasonable compensation” for services actually rendered (within the meaning of section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the 16 Code) in excess of the Base Amount (as defined in section, 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and (iii) the value of any noncash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the Auditor in accordance with the principles of sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment, Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income tax at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation in the calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to be made and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and locality of Executive’s residence on the date of termination (or if there is no date of termination, then the date on which the Gross-Up Payment is calculated for purposes of this Paragraph 9(b)), net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes. (c) In the event that the Excise Tax is finally determined to be less than the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment, Executive shall repay to the Company, within five (5) business days following the time that the amount of such reduction in the Excise Tax is finally determined, the portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to such reduction (plus that portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to the Excise Tax and federal, state and local income and employment taxes imposed on the Gross-Up Payment being repaid by Executive, to the extent that such repayment results in a reduction in the Excise Tax and a dollar-for-dollar reduction in Executive’s taxable income and wages for purposes of federal, state and local income and employment taxes, plus interest on the amount of such repayment at 120% of the rate provided in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code. In the event that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment (including by reason of any payment the existence or amount of which cannot be determined at the time of the Gross-Up Payment), the Company shall make an additional Gross-Up Payment in respect of such excess plus any interest, penalties or additions payable by Executive with respect to such excess) within five (5) business days following the time that the amount of such excess is finally determined. Executive and the Company shall each reasonably cooperate with the other in connection with any administrative or judicial proceedings concerning the existence or amount of liability for Excise Tax with respect to the Total Payments. (d) Notwithstanding anything else herein, this Paragraph 9 shall survive any termination of employment, any payments hereunder or any termination of obligations hereunder; provided, however, that this Paragraph 9 shall not survive any termination of employment for Cause that occurs prior to a Change in Control, or any payments or termination of obligations in connection with such termination for Cause. 17 10. General Provisions. (a) Executive’s rights and obligations hereunder shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise; provided, however, that this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive’s personal and legal representatives, executors, administrator, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If Executive should die while any amounts are still payable to Executive hereunder, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Executive’s devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there be no such designee, to Executive’s estate. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the consolidation of the Company with, or its merger into, any other corporation, or the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its properties or assets; and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and be enforceable by, any successor surviving or resulting corporation, or other entity to which such assets shall be transferred. Unless otherwise agreed to by Executive, the Company shall require any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Executive (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession or assignment had taken place. This Agreement shall not otherwise be assigned by the Company. As used in this Agreement, “Company” shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor or assign to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this paragraph or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law. This Agreement shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company. (b) This Agreement and the rights of Executive with respect to the benefits of employment referred to in Paragraph 4(c) constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto in respect of the employment of Executive by the Company. This Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety all prior oral and written agreements, understandings, commitments, and practices between the parties, including, but not limited to, the Prior Employment Agreement and the Termination Agreement. (c) Executive and the Company agree that any dispute, controversy or claim between them, other than any dispute, controversy claim or breach arising under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA Rules”). A neutral and impartial arbitrator shall 18 be chosen by mutual agreement of the parties or, if the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within a reasonable period of time, then a neutral and impartial arbitrator shall be appointed in accordance with the arbitrator nomination and selection procedure set forth in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator shall apply the same substantive law, with the same statutes of limitations and remedies, that would apply if the claims were brought in court. The arbitrator also shall prepare a written decision containing the essential findings and conclusions upon which the decision is based. Either party may bring an action in court to compel arbitration under this Agreement or to enforce an arbitration award. Otherwise, neither party shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit in any way related to any claim subject to this agreement to arbitrate. Any arbitration held pursuant to this paragraph shall take place in Midland, Kansas. If any proceeding is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, or to recover damages for breach thereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs and disbursements, not to exceed in aggregate one percent (1%) of the net worth of the other party, in addition to any other relief to which he or it may be entitled. [COMPANY] agrees to pay the costs and fees of the arbitrator. THE PARTIES UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIMS OR CONTROVERSIES COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT. (d) The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible, and if any of said provisions or any part hereof are declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provisions or parts hereof and the applicability hereof shall not be affected thereby. (e) This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument executed by the Company and Executive. (f) This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. (g) For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by messenger or in person, or when mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, as follows: If to the Company: Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 19 Attention: Office of the General Counsel If to Executive: William Harrington c/o Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 or such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. Apex Health Distribution A [COMPANY] By: Paul E. Kirincic Senior Vice President, Human Resources ATTEST: Senior Vice President and Secretary William Harrington By the Authority of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Apex Health Distribution on March , 2004 20
exv10w44 Exhibit 10.44 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), dated as of April 1, 2004 (the “Effective Date”), is by and between Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”), a Delaware corporation with its principal office at One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, Midland, Kansas, and Pamela J. Pure (“Executive”). [COMPANY], in its business, develops and uses certain Confidential Information (as defined in Paragraph 7(c) below). Such Confidential Information will necessarily be communicated to or acquired by Executive by virtue of her employment with the Company, and the Company has spent time, effort and money to develop such Confidential Information and to promote and increase its goodwill; and [COMPANY] desires to retain the services of, and employ, Executive on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliated companies for the period provided in this Agreement and, in so doing, to protect its Confidential Information and goodwill, and Executive is willing to accept employment by the Company on a full-time basis for such period, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to accept employment from, and remain in the employ of, the Company for the period stated in Paragraph 3 hereof. 2. Position and Responsibilities. During the period of her employment hereunder, Executive agrees to serve the Company, and the Company shall employ Executive, as Senior Vice President and President, [COMPANY], or in such other senior corporate executive capacity or capacities as may be specified from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the “Chief Executive Officer”). 3. Terms and Duties: (a) Term of Employment. The period of Executive’s employment under this Agreement shall be deemed to have commenced on the date of this Agreement and shall continue until March 31, 2007; provided, however, that commencing on April 1, 2005, and on each April 1st thereafter, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for one (1) additional year unless terminated earlier in accordance with Paragraph 8 below (the “Term”). (b) Duties. During the period of her employment hereunder and except for illness, reasonable vacations periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall devote her best efforts and all her business time, attention and skill to the business and affairs of the 1 Company and its affiliated companies, as such business and affairs now exist and as they may be hereafter changed or added to, under and pursuant to the general direction of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”); provided, however, that, with the approval of the Chief Executive Officer, Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations which, in such officer’s judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or divisions, or materially affect the performance of Executive’s duties pursuant to this [COMPANY] shall retain full direction and control of the means and methods by which Executive performs the services for which she is employed hereunder. The services which are to be employed by Executive hereunder are to be rendered in the State of Georgia, or in such other place or places in the United States or elsewhere as may be determined from time to time by the Board. 4. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses. (a) Compensation. During the period of her employment hereunder, Executive shall be paid a salary, in monthly or semi-monthly installments (in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices for senior executive officers), at the rate of Four Hundred and Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($475,000.00) per year, or such higher salary as may be from time to time approved by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) (any such higher salary so approved to be thereafter the minimum salary payable to Executive during the remainder of the term hereof), plus such additional incentive compensation, if any, as may be awarded to her yearly by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof). For purposes of the MIP (as defined in paragraph 5 below), for each of the Company’s fiscal years ending during the term of this Agreement, Executive’s Individual Target Award shall be 70% of her base salary for the applicable Year (as defined in the MIP). In addition, in years when the Company achieves one hundred percent (100%) of the Business Scorecard Target applicable to Executive, Executive will receive an award of restricted stock (or a similar equity equivalent) equal in value on the date of grant to fifty percent (50%) of Executive’s actual MIP award. Executive shall also receive an automobile allowance from the Company of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per month during the term of this Agreement and a Mortgage Allowance of Twenty Six Hundred Forty Six Dollars and Four Cents ($2,646.04) per month through February, 2013, or termination of employment if earlier, provided that her current residence remains her principal residence. (b) Reimbursement of [COMPANY] shall pay or reimburse Executive, in accordance with its normal policies and practices, for all reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in performing her obligations hereunder. 5. Other Benefits. During the period of her employment hereunder, Executive shall be entitled to receive all other benefits of employment generally available to other members of the Company’s senior management and those benefits for which key executives are or shall become eligible, when and as she becomes eligible therefore, including without limitation, group health and life insurance benefits, short and long-term disability plans, deferred compensation plans, and participation in the Company’s Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Executive Medical Plan, Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”), Executive Benefit 2 Retirement Plan (“EBRP”), Executive Survivor Benefits Plan (“ESBP”), Stock Purchase Plan and 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement). 6. Benefits Payable Upon Disability or Death. (a) Disability Benefits. If, during the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be prevented from properly performing services hereunder by reason of her illness or other physical or mental incapacity, the Company shall continue to pay Executive her then current salary hereunder during the period of such disability; or, if less, for a period of (12) calendar months, at which time the Company’s obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (b) Death Benefits. In the event of the death of Executive during the term of this Agreement, Executive’s salary payable hereunder shall continue to be paid to Executive’s surviving spouse or, if there is no spouse surviving, then to Executive’s designee or representative (as the case may be) through the six-month period following the end of the calendar month in which Executive’s death occurs. Thereafter, all of the Company’s obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (c) Other Plans. The provisions of this Paragraph 6 shall not affect any rights of Executive’s heirs, administrators, executors, legatees, beneficiaries or assigns under the Company’s Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, EBRP, ESBP, 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), any stock purchase plan or any other employee benefit plan of the Company, and any such rights shall be governed by the terms of the respective plans. 7. Obligations of Executive During and After Employment. (a) Noncompetition. Executive agrees that during the term of her employment hereunder, and for the “Noncompetition Period” (as hereinafter defined) thereafter following the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company for any reason, she will not, within the United States, (i) participate, engage or have any interest in, directly or indirectly, any person, firm, corporation, or business (where as an employee, officer, director, agent, creditor, or consultant or in any capacity which calls for the rendering of personal services, advice, acts of management, operation or control) which carries on any business or activity competitive with the Company or any affiliated company (including, without limitation, any products or services sold, investigated, developed or otherwise pursued by the Company or any affiliated company at any time or from time to time), or (ii) divert or attempt to divert from the Company any suppliers, contractors, or customers with which the Company has entered into any relationship, contractual or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer. For purposes of this Paragraph 7(a), the “Noncompetition Period” shall be deemed to be the longer of (i) one (1) year following termination of Executive’s employment for any reason, or (ii) the period during which Executive is receiving salary continuation payments hereunder. Should Executive violate her obligations under this Paragraph 7(a), any further salary continuation payments or other severance benefits shall immediately cease. This Paragraph 7(a) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 3 (b) Unauthorized Use of Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) during the course of her employment Executive will have produced and/or have access to Confidential Information (as defined in subparagraph (c) hereof), of the Company and its affiliated companies, and (ii) the unauthorized use or sale of any of such confidential or proprietary information at any time would harm the Company and would constitute unfair competition with the Company either during or after the term of this Agreement. Therefore, during and subsequent to her employment by the Company and its affiliated companies, Executive agrees to hold in confidence and not, directly or indirectly, disclose, use, copy or make lists of any such information, except to the extent expressly authorized by the Company in writing or as required by law. All records, files, drawings, documents, equipment, and the like, or copies thereof, relating to the Company’s business, or the business of any of its affiliated companies, which Executive shall prepare, use, or come into contact with, shall be and remain the sole property of the Company, and shall not be removed (except to allow Executive to perform her responsibilities hereunder while traveling for business purposes or otherwise working away from her office) from the Company’s or the affiliated company’s premises without its prior written consent, and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of employment with the Company and its affiliated companies. This Paragraph 7(b) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (c) Confidential Information Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means all information (whether reduced to written, electronic, magnetic or other tangible form) acquired in any way by Executive during the course of her employment with the Company or any of its affiliated companies concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, or the Company’s or any of its affiliated company’s customers, including without limitation, (i) all information concerning trade secrets of the Company and its affiliated companies, including computer programs, system documentation, special hardware, product hardware, related software development, manuals, formulae, processes, methods, machines, compositions, ideas, improvements or inventions of the Company and its affiliated companies, (ii) all sales and financial information concerning the Company and its affiliated companies, (iii) all customer and supplier lists of the Company and its affiliated companies, (iv) all information concerning products or projects under development by the Company or any of its affiliated companies or marketing plans for any of those products or projects, and (v) all information in any way concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies which was furnished to her by the Company or any of its agents or customers; provided, however, that Confidential Information does not include information which (A) becomes available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive, (B) was available to her on a non-confidential basis outside of her employment with the Company, or (C) becomes available to her on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company or any of its agents, creditors, suppliers, lessors, lessees or customers. (d) Nonsolicitation. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that it is essential for the proper protection of the business of the Company and its affiliated companies that Executive be restrained for a reasonable period following the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company and its affiliated companies from (i) soliciting or inducing any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies to leave the employ of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, (ii) hiring or attempting to hire any employee of the Company 4 or any of its affiliated companies, or (iii) soliciting the trade of or trading with the customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for any competitive business purpose. Accordingly, Executive agrees that during the term of her employment hereunder, and for the Nonsolicitation Period thereafter following the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company and its affiliated companies for any reason, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, (x) hire, solicit, aid in or encourage the hiring and/or solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, or induce or encourage to leave the employment of the Company or any its affiliated companies, and (y) solicit, aid in or encourage the solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, service, or contact any person or entity which is, or was, within three years prior to the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company and its affiliated companies, a customer or client of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for the purpose of offering or selling a product or service competitive with any of those offered by the Company of any of its affiliated companies. For purposes of this Paragraph 7(d), the “Nonsolicitation Period” shall be deemed to be the longer of (i) two (2) years following termination of Executive’s employment for any reason, or (ii) the period during which Executive is receiving salary continuation payments hereunder. Should Executive violate her obligations under this Paragraph 7(d), any further salary continuation payments or other severance benefits shall immediately cease. This Paragraph 7(d) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (e) Remedy for Breach. Executive agrees that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in this Paragraph 7, the Company shall have the right and remedy to have such covenants specifically enforced by any court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any material breach of any of the covenants will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. (f) Blue-Penciling. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the noncompetition and nonsolicitation provisions contained herein are reasonable and valid in geographic, temporal and subject matter scope and in all other respects, and do not impose limitations greater than are necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information and other business interests of the Company. Nevertheless, if any court determines that any of said noncompetition and other restrictive covenants and agreements, or any part thereof, is unenforceable because of the duration or geographic scope of such provision, such court shall have the power to reduce the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. 8. Termination. (a) For Cause. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may, without liability, terminate Executive’s employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below) at any time upon written notice from the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) specifying such Cause, and thereafter, the Company’s obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate; provided, however, that such written notice shall not be delivered until after the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such Cause and Executive has failed to cure 5 such conduct, if curable, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. As used herein, the term “Cause” shall mean (i) Executive’s willful misconduct, habitual neglect or dishonesty with respect to matters involving the Company or its subsidiaries which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, or (ii) a material breach by Executive of one or more terms of this Agreement. (b) Arbitration Required to Confirm Cause. In the event of a termination for Cause pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, the Company shall continue to pay Executive’s then current compensation as specified in this Agreement until the issuance of an arbitration award affirming the Company’s action. Such arbitration shall be held in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 9(d) below. In the event the award upholds the action of the Company, Executive shall promptly repay to the Company any sums received pursuant to this subparagraph 8(b), following termination of employment. (c) Other than For Cause, Performance, Reorganization. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may also terminate Executive’ employment (without regard to any general or specific policies of the Company relating to the employment or termination of its employees) (i) should Executive fail to perform her duties hereunder in a manner satisfactory to the Chief Executive Officer, (ii) should Executive’s position be eliminated as a result of a reorganization or restructuring of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, or (iii) for any other reason or reasons, in the Company’s sole discretion. (d) Obligations of the Company on Termination of Employment. (i) If the Company terminates Executive’s employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(a) above and the Company’s action is affirmed as specified in subparagraph 8(b) above or Executive terminates her employment with the Company other than for Good Reason (as defined in subparagraph (d)(iii) below), then all of the Company’s obligations hereunder shall immediately cease and terminate. Executive shall thereupon have no further right or entitlement to additional salary, incentive compensation payments or awards, or any perquisites from the Company whatsoever, and Executive’s rights, if any, under the Company’s employee and executive benefit plans shall be determined solely in accordance with the express terms of the respective plans. (ii) If the Company terminates Executive’s employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(c) above or Executive terminates her employment with the Company for Good Reason prior to the expiration of the Term, then in lieu of any benefits payable pursuant to the Company’s Executive Severance Policy (so long as the compensation and benefits payable hereunder equal or exceed those payable under said Policy) and in complete satisfaction and discharge of all of its obligations to Executive hereunder, the Company shall, provided Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 7 hereof and except as provided in Paragraph 9(c) below, and conditioned upon Executive’s execution of a full release of claims, (A) continue Executive’s then current base salary, without increase, for the remainder of the Term; provided, however, that the Company’s obligation to make such salary payments shall be reduced by any compensation received by Executive from a subsequent employer during such term, (B) consider Executive for a bonus under the terms of the Company’s MIP for the fiscal year in which termination occurs (but not for any subsequent year) provided that any such bonus, if earned, 6 shall be pro-rated to reflect the portion of the year for which Executive was actively employed, (C) continue Executive’s automobile allowance and Executive Medical Plan benefits until the end of the Term, (D) subject to the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the respective plans (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto), continue the accrual and vesting of Executive’s rights, benefits and existing awards for the remainder of the Term for purposes of the EBRP, ESBP, and the Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement); provided, however, that (unless otherwise provided by the terms of the applicable plan; or unless the Board, or any duly authorized Committee thereof, in its sole discretion determines otherwise) Executive shall in no event receive or be entitled either to additional grants or awards subsequent to the date of termination, nor “Approved Retirement” status, under the foregoing plans, and (E) terminate Executive’s participation in the Company’s tax-qualified profit-sharing plans, long-term incentive plan, and stock purchase plans, pursuant to the terms of the respective plans, as of the date of Executive’s termination of employment. (iii) For purposes of this Agreement, “Good Reason” shall mean any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of Executive, (A) any material change by the Company in Executive’s functions, duties or responsibilities as Senior Vice President and President, [COMPANY], which change would cause Executive’s position with the Company to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope as compared to the position and attributes that applied to Executive as of the Effective Date, (B) any reduction in Executive’s base salary, other than a proportional reduction effected as part of an across-the-board reduction affecting all executive employees of the Company, (C) any material failure by the Company to comply with any of the provisions of the Agreement, (D) the Company’s requiring Executive to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which Executive is based as of the Effective Date, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of Executive’s responsibilities, or (E) any failure by the Company to obtain the express assumption of the Agreement by any successor or assign of the Company. 9. General Provisions. (a) Executive’s rights and obligations hereunder shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the consolidation of the Company with, or its merger into, any other corporation, or the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its properties or assets; and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and be enforceable by, any successor surviving or resulting corporation, or other entity to which such assets shall be transferred. This Agreement shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company. (b) This Agreement (together with the Termination Agreement between the parties of the same date) and the rights of Executive with respect to the benefit plans referred to in Paragraph 5 constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto in respect of the employment of Executive by the Company. This Agreement (together with the Termination Agreement) supersedes and replaces all prior oral and written agreements, understandings, commitments, and practices between the parties. (c) In the event Executive’s employment with the Company shall terminate under circumstances otherwise providing Executive with a right to benefits under both Section 5 7 of the Termination Agreement and Paragraph 8(d)(ii) of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to receive the greater of the benefits provided therein or herein, calculated individually, without duplication. (d) Executive and the Company agree that any dispute, controversy or claim between them, other than any dispute, controversy claim or breach arising under Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA Rules”). A neutral and impartial arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual agreement of the parties or, if the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within a reasonable period of time, then a neutral and impartial arbitrator shall be appointed in accordance with the arbitrator nomination and selection procedure set forth in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator shall apply the same substantive law, with the same statutes of limitations and remedies, that would apply if the claims were brought in court. The arbitrator also shall prepare a written decision containing the essential findings and conclusions upon which the decision is based. Either party may bring an action in court to compel arbitration under this Agreement or to enforce an arbitration award. Otherwise, neither party shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit in any way related to any claim subject to this agreement to arbitrate. Any arbitration held pursuant to this Paragraph shall take place in Midland, Kansas. Each party shall pay its own costs and attorneys’ fees, unless a party prevails on a statutory claim and the statute provides that the prevailing party is entitled to payment of its attorneys’ fees. In that case, the arbitrator may award reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs to the prevailing party as provided by law. [COMPANY] agrees to pay the costs and fees of the arbitrator. THE PARTIES UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIMS OR CONTROVERSIES COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT. (e) Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that, in the event the benefits provided hereunder are subject to the excise tax provision set forth in Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (i) Executive shall be responsible for, and (ii) Executive shall not be entitled to any additional payment from the Company for any Federal, state, and local income and employment taxes, interest or penalties that may arise in connection with such benefits. (f) The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible, and if any of said provisions or any part hereof are declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provisions or parts hereof and the applicability hereof shall not be affected thereby. (g) This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument executed by the Company and Executive. (h) This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. 8 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, The parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. Apex Health Distribution A [COMPANY] By Paul E. Kirincic Senior Vice President, Human Resources ATTEST: Assistant Secretary Executive By the Authority of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Apex Health Distribution on March , 2004. 9
exv10w45 Exhibit 10.45 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), dated as of April 1, 2004 (the “Effective Date”), is by and between Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”), a Delaware corporation with its principal office at One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, Midland, Kansas, and Paul C. Julian (“Executive”). [COMPANY], in its business, develops and uses certain Confidential Information (as defined in Paragraph 7(c) below). Such Confidential Information will necessarily be communicated to or acquired by Executive by virtue of his employment with the Company, and the Company has spent time, effort and money to develop such Confidential Information and to promote and increase its goodwill; and [COMPANY] desires to retain the services of, and employ, Executive on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliated companies for the period provided in this Agreement and, in so doing, to protect its Confidential Information and goodwill, and Executive is willing to accept employment by the Company on a full-time basis for such period, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to accept employment from, and remain in the employ of, the Company for the period stated in Paragraph 3 hereof. 2. Position and Responsibilities. During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive agrees to serve the Company, and the Company shall employ Executive, as Senior Vice President and President, [COMPANY], or in such other senior corporate executive capacity or capacities as may be specified from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the “Chief Executive Officer”). 3. Terms and Duties: (a) Term of Employment. The period of Executive’s employment under this Agreement shall be deemed to have commenced on the date of this Agreement and shall continue until March 31, 2007; provided, however, that commencing on April 1, 2005, and on each April 1st thereafter, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for one (1) additional year unless terminated earlier in accordance with Paragraph 8 below (the “Term”). The effect of such annual one year extensions shall be that this Agreement shall thereupon continue to have a new three year term, without regard to the number of any prior extensions. (b) Duties. During the period of his employment hereunder and except for illness, reasonable vacation periods and reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall devote his best efforts and all his business time, attention and skill to the business and affairs of the 1 Company and its affiliated companies, as such business and affairs now exist and as they may be hereafter changed or added to, under and pursuant to the general direction of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”); provided, however, that, with the approval of the Chief Executive Officer, Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations which, in such officer’s judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or divisions, or materially affect the performance of Executive’s duties pursuant to this [COMPANY] shall retain full direction and control of the means and methods by which Executive performs the services for which he is employed hereunder. The services which are to be employed by Executive hereunder are to be rendered in the State of California, or in such other place or places in the United States or elsewhere as may be determined from time to time by the Board, but are to be rendered primarily at the headquarters of the Company in Midland, Kansas. 4. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses. (a) Compensation. During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive shall be paid a salary, in monthly or semi-monthly installments (in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices for senior executive officers), at the rate of Six Hundred Thousand Dollars ($600,000.00) per year, or such higher salary as may be from time to time approved by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) (any such higher salary so approved to be thereafter the minimum salary payable to Executive during the remainder of the term hereof), plus such additional incentive compensation, if any, as may be awarded to him yearly by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof). For purposes of the MIP (as defined in paragraph 5 below), for each of the Company’s fiscal years ending during the term of this Agreement, Executive’s Individual Target Award shall be 80% of his base salary for the applicable Year (as defined in the MIP). In addition, in years when the Company achieves one hundred percent (100%) of the Business Scorecard Target applicable to Executive, Executive will receive an award of restricted stock (or a similar equity equivalent) equal in value on the date of grant to fifty percent (50%) of Executive’s actual MIP award. Executive shall also receive an automobile allowance from the Company of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per month during the term of this Agreement. (b) Reimbursement of [COMPANY] shall pay or reimburse Executive, in accordance with its normal policies and practices, for all reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in performing his obligations hereunder. 5. Other Benefits. During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive shall be entitled to receive all other benefits of employment generally available to other members of the Company’s senior management and those benefits for which key executives are or shall become eligible, when and as he becomes eligible therefore, including without limitation, group health and life insurance benefits, short and long-term disability plans, deferred compensation plans, and participation in the Company’s Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Executive Medical Plan, Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”), Executive Benefit Retirement Plan (“EBRP”), Executive Survivor Benefits Plan (“ESBP”), Stock Purchase Plan and 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement). 2 6. Benefits Payable Upon Disability or Death. (a) Disability Benefits. If, during the term of this Agreement, Executive shall be prevented from properly performing services hereunder by reason of his illness or other physical or mental incapacity, the Company shall continue to pay Executive his then current salary hereunder during the period of such disability or, if less, for a period of (12) calendar months, at which time the Company’s obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (b) Death Benefits. In the event of the death of Executive during the term of this Agreement, Executive’s salary payable hereunder shall continue to be paid to Executive’s surviving spouse or, if there is no spouse surviving, then to Executive’s designee or representative (as the case may be) through the six-month period following the end of the calendar month in which Executive’s death occurs. Thereafter, all of the Company’s obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (c) Other Plans. The provisions of this Paragraph 6 shall not affect any rights of Executive’s heirs, administrators, executors, legatees, beneficiaries or assigns under the Company’s Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, EBRP, ESBP, 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), any stock purchase plan or any other employee benefit plan of the Company, and any such rights shall be governed by the terms of the respective plans. 7. Obligations of Executive During and After Employment. (a) Noncompetition. Executive agrees that during the term of his employment hereunder, and for the “Noncompetition Period” (as hereinafter defined) thereafter following the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company for any reason, he will not, within the United States, participate, engage or have any interest in, directly or indirectly, any person, firm, corporation, or business (where as an employee, officer, director, agent, creditor, or consultant or in any capacity which calls for the rendering of personal services, advice, acts of management, operation or control) which carries on any business or activity competitive with the Company or any affiliated company (including, without limitation, any products or services sold, investigated, developed or otherwise pursued by the Company or any affiliated company at any time or from time to time) without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer. For purposes of this Paragraph 7(a), the “Noncompetition Period” shall be deemed to be the period during which Executive is receiving salary continuation payments hereunder. Should Executive violate his obligations under this Paragraph 7(a), any further salary continuation payments or other severance benefits shall immediately cease. This Paragraph 7(a) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (b) Unauthorized Use of Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) during the course of his employment Executive will have produced and/or have access to Confidential Information (as defined in subparagraph (c) hereof), of the Company and its affiliated companies, and (ii) the unauthorized use or sale of any of such confidential or proprietary information at any time would harm the Company and would constitute unfair competition with the Company either during or after the term of this Agreement. Therefore, during and subsequent to his employment by the Company and its affiliated companies, 3 Executive agrees to hold in confidence and not, directly or indirectly, disclose, use, copy or make lists of any such information, except to the extent expressly authorized by the Company in writing or as required by law. All records, files, drawings, documents, equipment, and the like, or copies thereof, relating to the Company’s business, or the business of any of its affiliated companies, which Executive shall prepare, use, or come into contact with, shall be and remain the sole property of the Company, and shall not be removed (except to allow Executive to perform his responsibilities hereunder while traveling for business purposes or otherwise working away from his office) from the Company’s or the affiliated company’s premises without its prior written consent, and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of employment with the Company and its affiliated companies. This Paragraph 7(b) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (c) Confidential Information Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means all information (whether reduced to written, electronic, magnetic or other tangible form) acquired in any way by Executive during the course of his employment with the Company or any of its affiliated companies concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, or the Company’s or any of its affiliated company’s customers, including without limitation, (i) all information concerning trade secrets of the Company and its affiliated companies, including computer programs, system documentation, special hardware, product hardware, related software development, manuals, formulae, processes, methods, machines, compositions, ideas, improvements or inventions of the Company and its affiliated companies, (ii) all sales and financial information concerning the Company and its affiliated companies, (iii) all customer and supplier lists of the Company and its affiliated companies, (iv) all information concerning products or projects under development by the Company or any of its affiliated companies or marketing plans for any of those products or projects, and (v) all information in any way concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies which was furnished to him by the Company or any of its agents or customers; provided, however, that Confidential Information does not include information which (A) becomes available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive, (B) was available to him on a non-confidential basis outside of his employment with the Company, or (C) becomes available to him on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company or any of its agents, creditors, suppliers, lessors, lessees or customers. (d) Nonsolicitation. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that it is essential for the proper protection of the business of the Company and its affiliated companies that Executive be restrained for a reasonable period following the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company and its affiliated companies from (i) soliciting or inducing any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies to leave the employ of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, (ii) hiring or attempting to hire any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, or (iii) soliciting the trade of or trading with the customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for any competitive business purpose. Accordingly, Executive agrees that during the term of his employment hereunder, and for the Nonsolicitation Period thereafter following the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company and its affiliated companies for any reason, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, (x) hire, solicit, aid in or encourage the hiring and/or solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, or induce or encourage to leave the employment of the Company 4 or any its affiliated companies, and (y) solicit, aid in or encourage the solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, service, or contact any person or entity which is, or was, within three years prior to the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company and its affiliated companies, a customer or client of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for the purpose of offering or selling a product or service competitive with any of those offered by the Company of any of its affiliated companies. For purposes of this Paragraph 7(d), the “Nonsolicitation Period” shall be deemed to be the longer of (i) two (2) years following termination of Executive’s employment for any reason, or (ii) the period during which Executive is receiving salary continuation payments hereunder. Should Executive violate his obligations under this Paragraph 7(d), any further salary continuation payments or other severance benefits shall immediately cease. This Paragraph 7(d) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (e) Remedy for Breach. Executive agrees that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in this Paragraph 7, the Company shall have the right and remedy to have such covenants specifically enforced by any court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any material breach of any of the covenants will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. (f) Blue-Penciling. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the noncompetition and nonsolicitation provisions contained herein are reasonable and valid in geographic, temporal and subject matter scope and in all other respects, and do not impose limitations greater than are necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information and other business interests of the Company. Nevertheless, if any court determines that any of said noncompetition and other restrictive covenants and agreements, or any part thereof, is unenforceable because of the duration or geographic scope of such provision, such court shall have the power to reduce the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. 8. Termination. (a) For Cause. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may, without liability, terminate Executive’s employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below) at any time upon written notice from the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) specifying such Cause, and thereafter, the Company’s obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate; provided, however, that such written notice shall not be delivered until after the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such Cause and Executive has failed to cure such conduct, if curable, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. As used herein, the term “Cause” shall mean (i) Executive’s willful misconduct, habitual neglect or dishonesty with respect to matters involving the Company or its subsidiaries which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, or (ii) a material breach by Executive of one or more terms of this Agreement. 5 (b) Arbitration Required to Confirm Cause. In the event of a termination for Cause pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, the Company shall continue to pay Executive’s then current compensation as specified in this Agreement until the issuance of an arbitration award affirming the Company’s action. Such arbitration shall be held in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 9(d) below. In the event the award upholds the action of the Company, Executive shall promptly repay to the Company any sums received pursuant to this subparagraph 8(b), following termination of employment. (c) Other than For Cause, Performance, Reorganization. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may also terminate Executive’ employment (without regard to any general or specific policies of the Company relating to the employment or termination of its employees) (i) should Executive fail to perform his duties hereunder in a manner satisfactory to the Chief Executive Officer, (ii) should Executive’s position be eliminated as a result of a reorganization or restructuring of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, or (iii) for any other reason or reasons, in the Company’s sole discretion. (d) Obligations of the Company on Termination of Employment. (i) If the Company terminates Executive’s employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(a) above and the Company’s action is affirmed as specified in subparagraph 8(b) above or Executive terminates his employment with the Company other than for Good Reason (as defined in subparagraph (d)(iii) below), then all of the Company’s obligations hereunder shall immediately cease and terminate. Executive shall thereupon have no further right or entitlement to additional salary, incentive compensation payments or awards, or any perquisites from the Company whatsoever, and Executive’s rights, if any, under the Company’s employee and executive benefit plans shall be determined solely in accordance with the express terms of the respective plans. (ii) If the Company terminates Executive’s employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(c) above or Executive terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason prior to the expiration of the Term, then in lieu of any benefits payable pursuant to the Company’s Executive Severance Policy (so long as the compensation and benefits payable hereunder equal or exceed those payable under said Policy) and in complete satisfaction and discharge of all of its obligations to Executive hereunder, the Company shall, provided Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 7 hereof and except as provided in Paragraph 9(c) below, and conditioned upon Executive’s execution of a full release of claims, (A) continue Executive’s then current base salary, without increase, for the remainder of the Term; provided, however, that the Company’s obligation to make such salary payments shall be reduced by any compensation received by Executive from a subsequent employer during such term, (B) consider Executive for a bonus under the terms of the Company’s MIP for the fiscal year in which termination occurs (but not for any subsequent year) provided that any such bonus, if earned, shall be pro-rated to reflect the portion of the year for which Executive was actively employed, (C) continue Executive’s automobile allowance and Executive Medical Plan benefits until the end of the Term, (D) subject to the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the respective plans (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto), continue the accrual and vesting of Executive’s rights, benefits and existing awards for the remainder of the Term for purposes of the EBRP, ESBP, and the Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or 6 arrangement); provided, however, that (unless otherwise provided by the terms of the applicable plan; or unless the Board, or any duly authorized Committee thereof, in its sole discretion determines otherwise) Executive shall in no event receive or be entitled either to additional grants or awards subsequent to the date of termination, nor “Approved Retirement” status, under the foregoing plans, and (E) terminate Executive’s participation in the Company’s tax-qualified profit-sharing plans, long-term incentive plan, and stock purchase plans, pursuant to the terms of the respective plans, as of the date of Executive’s termination of employment. (iii) For purposes of this Agreement, “Good Reason” shall mean any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of Executive: (A) any material change by the Company in Executive’s functions, duties or responsibilities as Senior Vice President and President, [COMPANY], which change would cause Executive’s position with the Company to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope as compared to the position and attributes that applied to Executive as of the Effective Date; (B) any reduction in Executive’s base salary, other than a proportional reduction effected as part of an across-the-board reduction affecting all executive employees of the Company; (C) any material failure by the Company to comply with any of the provisions of the Agreement; (D) the Company’s requiring Executive to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which Executive is based as of the Effective Date, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of Executive’s responsibilities; or (E) any failure by the Company to obtain the express assumption of the Agreement by any successor or assign of the Company. 9. General Provisions. (a) Executive’s rights and obligations hereunder shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the consolidation of the Company with, or its merger into, any other corporation, or the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its properties or assets; and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and be enforceable by, any successor surviving or resulting corporation, or other entity to which such assets shall be transferred. This Agreement shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company. (b) This Agreement (together with the Termination Agreement dated August 1, 1999) and the rights of Executive with respect to the benefit plans referred to in Paragraph 5 constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto in respect of the employment of Executive by the Company. This Agreement (together with the Termination Agreement) supersedes and replaces all prior oral and written agreements, understandings, commitments, and practices between the parties. (c) In the event Executive’s employment with the Company shall terminate under circumstances otherwise providing Executive with a right to benefits under both Section 5 of the Termination Agreement and Paragraph 8(d)(ii) of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to receive the greater of the benefits provided therein or herein, calculated individually, without duplication. (d) Executive and the Company agree that any dispute, controversy or claim between them, other than any dispute, controversy claim or breach arising under Paragraph 7 of 7 this Agreement, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA Rules”). A neutral and impartial arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual agreement of the parties or, if the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within a reasonable period of time, then a neutral and impartial arbitrator shall be appointed in accordance with the arbitrator nomination and selection procedure set forth in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator shall apply the same substantive law, with the same statutes of limitations and remedies, that would apply if the claims were brought in court. The arbitrator also shall prepare a written decision containing the essential findings and conclusions upon which the decision is based. Either party may bring an action in court to compel arbitration under this Agreement or to enforce an arbitration award. Otherwise, neither party shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit in any way related to any claim subject to this agreement to arbitrate. Any arbitration held pursuant to this Paragraph shall take place in Midland, Kansas. Each party shall pay its own costs and attorneys’ fees, unless a party prevails on a statutory claim and the statute provides that the prevailing party is entitled to payment of its attorneys’ fees. In that case, the arbitrator may award reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs to the prevailing party as provided by law. [COMPANY] agrees to pay any administrative costs and fees of the AAA, as well as the costs and fees of the arbitrator. THE PARTIES UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIMS OR CONTROVERSIES COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT. (e) Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that, in the event the benefits provided hereunder are subject to the excise tax provision set forth in Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (i) Executive shall be responsible for, and (ii) Executive shall not be entitled to any additional payment from the Company for any Federal, state, and local income and employment taxes, interest or penalties that may arise in connection with such benefits. (f) The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible, and if any of said provisions or any part hereof are declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provisions or parts hereof and the applicability hereof shall not be affected thereby. (g) This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument executed by the Company and Executive. (h) This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. 8 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, The parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. Apex Health Distribution A [COMPANY] By Paul E. Kirincic Senior Vice President, Human Resources ATTEST: Assistant Secretary Executive By the Authority of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Apex Health Distribution on March , 2004. 9
exv21 Exhibit 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT There is no parent of the Company. The following is a listing of the significant subsidiaries of the Company, or if indented, subsidiaries of the Company under which they are listed: [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Delaware
exv23 Exhibit 23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Apex Health Distribution Registration Statement Nos. 33-86536, 333-00611, 333-02871, 333-21931, 333-30104, 333-30216, 333-30218, 333-30220, 333-30222, 333-20224, 333-30226, 333-32643, 333-32645, 333-43101, 333-43079, 333-48337, 333-43068, 333-48339, 333-48859, 333-50261, 333-70501, 333-71917, 333-85965, 333-39952, 333-39954, 333-62870, 333-67378, 333-67380, 333-84806 and 333-101210 on Form S-8, Registration Nos. 333-26443, and Amendment No. 1 thereto, 333-85973, 333-50985 and 333-66359 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-49119, and Amendment No. 1 thereto, and 333-56623 on Form S-4 of our report dated April 29, 2004, except for paragraph 39 of Financial Note 1 and paragraph 43 of Financial Note 18, as to which the date is May 19, 2004, (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and contains explanatory paragraphs relating to the adoption of new accounting standards and certain shareholder litigation), appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Apex Health Distribution for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004. Deloitte & [COMPANY] Midland, Kansas June 10, 2004
exv24 Exhibit 24 10-K POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS THAT the undersigned directors and officers of Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), do hereby constitute and appoint Ivan D. Meyerson and Kristina Veaco his or her true and lawful attorney and agent, each with full power and authority (acting alone and without the other) to execute in the name and on behalf of the undersigned as such Director and/or Officer, under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004, and thereafter to execute and file any and all amendments to such Form, whether filed prior or subsequent to the time such Form becomes effective. The undersigned hereby grants unto such attorneys and agents, and each of them, full power of substitution and resubstitution and revocation in the premises and hereby ratifies and confirms all that such attorneys and agents may do or cause to be done by virtue of these presents. /S/ Wayne A. Budd /S/ David M. Lawrence, M.D. Wayne A Budd, Esq., Director David. M. Lawrence, M.D., Director /S/ Jeffrey C. Campbell /S/ Robert W. Matschullat Jeffrey C. Campbell, Executive Vice President Robert W. Matschullat, Director and [COMPANY] Officer /S/ William Harrington /S/ James V. Napier William Harrington, Chairman of the Board, James V. Napier, Director President and Chief Executive Officer /S/ Alton F. Irby III /S/ Nigel A. Rees Alton F. Irby III, Director Nigel A. Rees, Vice President and Controller /S/ M. Christine Jacobs /S/ Jane E. Shaw M. Christine Jacobs, Director Jane E. Shaw, Director /S/ Marie L. Knowles /S/ Richard F. Syron Marie L. Knowles, Director Richard F. Syron, Director Dated: May 26, 2004
exv31w1 Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED I, William Harrington, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apex Health Distribution; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal controls over financial reporting. Date: June 10, 2004 /s/ William Harrington William Harrington Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
exv31w2 Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED I, Jeffrey C. Campbell, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apex Health Distribution; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal controls over financial reporting. Date: June 10, 2004 /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer
exv32 Exhibit 32 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2004 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, each hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of their knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ William Harrington William Harrington Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 10, 2004 /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer June 10, 2004 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Apex Health Distribution and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.