Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 7, 2018 Apex Health Distribution (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1-13252 87-3207296 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, Midland, Kansas 91404 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (620) 555-8300 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 2.03 Creation of a [COMPANY] Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth in Item 8.01 regarding the Euro Notes (as defined below) is incorporated herein by reference. Item 8.01 Other Events. On February 7, 2018, Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the “Euro Notes Underwriting Agreement”) with the several underwriters named therein (the “Euro Notes Underwriters”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Euro Notes Underwriters €250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its Floating Rate Notes due 2020 (the “Floating Rate Notes”) and €500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.625% Notes due 2026 (the “Fixed Rate Notes,” and, together with the Floating Rate Notes, the “Euro Notes”). On February 7, 2018, Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the “USD Notes Underwriting Agreement” and, together with the Euro Notes Underwriting Agreement, the “Underwriting Agreements”) with the several underwriters named therein (the “USD Notes Underwriters,” and, together with the Euro Notes Underwriters, the “Underwriters”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the USD Notes Underwriters $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 3.950% Notes due 2028 (the “USD Notes”). The offering of the USD Notes is expected to close on February 16, 2018, subject to customary closing conditions. On February 12, 2018, the Euro Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Indenture”) between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), as supplemented by an Officer’s Certificate, dated as of February 12, 2018, setting forth certain terms of the Euro Notes (the “Officer’s Certificate”). The Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a floating rate equal to three-month EURIBOR plus 0.15% per year (provided, however, that the minimum interest rate shall be zero), and the Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at the rate of 1.625% per year. Interest on the Floating Rate Notes is payable on February 12, May 12, August 12 and November 12 of each year, beginning on May 12, 2018. Interest on the Fixed Rate Notes is payable on October 30 of each year, beginning on October 30, 2018. Upon at least 15 days’ and not more than 45 days’ notice to holders of the Fixed Rate Notes, (1) the Company may redeem the Fixed Rate Notes for cash in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, prior to maturity, at a redemption price that includes accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium, and (2) the Company may redeem any series of the Euro Notes for cash in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to maturity at a price equal to 100% of, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if certain tax events occur, in each case, as specified in the Indenture and the Officer’s Certificate. The Indenture and the Officer’s Certificate include certain covenants, including limitations on the Company’s ability to create certain liens on its assets or enter into sale and leaseback transactions with respect to its properties, or consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of its assets, subject to a number of important exceptions as specified in the Indenture. The Euro Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company and rank equally with all of the Company’s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding. The Indenture contains customary event of default provisions. In the event of the occurrence of both (1) a change of control of the Company and (2) a downgrade of a series of Euro Notes below an investment grade rating by each of the Ratings Agencies (as defined in the Officer’s Certificate) within a specified period, unless the Company has previously exercised its optional redemption right with respect to that series of Euro Notes in whole, the Company will be required to offer to repurchase the Euro Notes of that series from the holders at a price in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding principal amount of such series of Euro Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. The public offering price of the Floating Rate Notes was 100.400% of the principal amount and the public offering price of the Fixed Rate Notes was 99.898% of the principal amount. The Euro Notes were offered and sold pursuant to the Company’s automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-215763) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. [COMPANY] has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a prospectus supplement, dated February 7, 2018, together with the accompanying prospectus, dated January 27, 2017. [COMPANY] expects to receive approximately $917 million in aggregate net proceeds from the offering of the Euro Notes, after estimated expenses. It expects to use the net proceeds from the offering of the Euro Notes and the net proceeds from the offering of the USD Notes to finance the purchase of up to $1.1 billion of the Company’s outstanding notes pursuant to and upon the terms set forth in an offer to purchase and related letter of transmittal. [COMPANY] intends to use the remaining net proceeds, if any, for working capital and general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, the repayment of debt. For a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Officer’s Certificate, the Euro Notes and the Underwriting Agreements, please refer to the Officer’s Certificate, the form of Floating Rate Note, the form of Fixed Rate Note, the Euro Notes Underwriting Agreement and the USD Notes Underwriting Agreement, which are incorporated herein by reference and attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 99.1 and 99.2, respectively. In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K, note that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. Those representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: • should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; • may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures would not necessarily be reflected in the agreement; • may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and • were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, those representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found in our other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. From time to time in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, certain of the Underwriters, the Trustee and their respective affiliates have engaged in and may in the future engage in commercial banking, derivatives and/or financial advisory, investment banking and other commercial transactions and services with the Company and its affiliates for which they have received or will receive customary fees and commissions. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description of Exhibits 4.1 Officer’s Certificate, dated as of February 12, 2018, with respect to the Euro Notes. 4.2 Form of Floating Rate Note (included in Exhibit 4.1 above). 4.3 Form of Fixed Rate Note (included in Exhibit 4.1 above). 5.1 Opinion of Morrison & [COMPANY] regarding the validity of the Euro Notes. 23.1 Consent of Morrison & [COMPANY] (included in Exhibit 5.1 above). 99.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2018, by and among Apex Health Distribution and the several underwriters named therein, relating to the Euro Notes. 99.2 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2018, by and among Apex Health Distribution and the several underwriters named therein, relating to the USD Notes. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: February 13, 2018 Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Helen Park Helen Park Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer
EX-4.1 Exhibit 4.1 OFFICER’S CERTIFICATE The undersigned, Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies through Brian P. Moore, its Senior Vice President and Treasurer, pursuant to Sections 2.1, 2.3 and 11.5 of the Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Indenture”), by and between the Company, as Issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, as follows: 1. The form and terms of the Floating Rate Notes due 2020 (the “2020 Notes”), as set forth on Annex A attached hereto and the form and terms of the 1.625% Notes due 2026 (the “2026 Notes”), as set forth on Annex B attached hereto have been established pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 2.3 of the Indenture and comply with the Indenture. 2. The undersigned has read the Indenture. 3. The statements made in this certificate are based upon an examination of the 2020 Notes and the 2026 Notes under the Indenture, upon an examination of and familiarity with the Indenture, upon the general knowledge of and familiarity with the operations of the Company of the undersigned and upon the performance of his duties as an officer of the Company. 4. In the opinion of the undersigned, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the covenants and conditions provided for in the Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of each of the 2020 Notes and the 2026 Notes have been complied with. 5. In the opinion of the undersigned, with respect to the foregoing, the covenants and conditions provided for in the Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of each of the 2020 Notes and the 2026 Notes have been complied with. Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this certificate to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of this 12 th day of February, 2018. Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Brian P. Moore Name: Brian P. Moore Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer [ Signature Page to Officer’s Certificate under the Indenture ] ANNEX A Pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Indenture”), between Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Issuer”), and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), the terms of a series of securities to be issued pursuant to the Indenture are as follows: 1. Designation . The designation of the securities is “Floating Rate Notes due 2020” (the “2020 Notes”). 2. Initial Aggregate Principal Amount . The 2020 Notes shall be limited in initial aggregate principal amount to €250,000,000 (except for 2020 Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other 2020 Notes pursuant to Section 2.8, 2.9, 2.11, 8.5 or 12.3 of the Indenture). 3. Currency Denomination . The 2020 Notes shall be denominated in euro. 4. Maturity . The date on which the principal of the 2020 Notes is payable is February 12, 2020. 5. Rate of Interest; Interest Payment Date; Regular Record Dates . Each 2020 Note shall bear interest at a rate equivalent to the 3-month EURIBOR plus 0.15% per annum (the “Base Rate”); provided , however, that the minimum interest rate shall be zero. The 2020 Notes will bear interest from February 12, 2018 or from the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (as defined below) to which interest has been paid. Interest on the 2020 Notes will be payable quarterly on February 12, May 12, August 12 and November 12 of each year, beginning May 12, 2018 (each, an “Interest Payment Date”); provided that, if any Interest Payment Date would be a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding day that is a Business Day (and no additional interest will accrue or otherwise accumulate on the amount payable for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date); except that if such next succeeding Business Day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, such Payment Date will be the immediately preceding Business Day. The initial Base Rate for the 2020 Notes in effect from the Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Reset Date will be the 3-month EURIBOR in effect on February 8, 2018. The interest rate on the 2020 Notes will be determined on the second TARGET 2 (as defined below) Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date (a “EURIBOR Interest Determination Date”). Interest on an Interest Payment Date will be paid to the person, or “holders,” in whose names the 2020 Notes are registered on the security register at the close of business on the regular record date. The regular record date will be the Clearing Business Day (as defined below) immediately preceding the related Interest Payment Date. “Clearing A-1 Business Day” means Monday through Friday inclusive except December 25 and January 1. Interest on the 2020 Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated. For the purposes of the 2020 Notes, “Business Day” is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in New York City, London or another place of payment on the 2020 Notes is authorized or required by law to close and on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (the “TARGET2 System”), or any successor thereto, is open. The Base Rate that takes effect on any Interest Reset Date shall equal the interest rate for deposits in euro designated as “EURIBOR” and sponsored jointly by the European Banking Federation and ACI — the Financial Market Association (or any company established by the joint sponsors for purposes of compiling and publishing that rate) on each EURIBOR Interest Determination Date, and will be determined by the Paying and Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions: (i) EURIBOR will be the offered rate for deposits in euro having a maturity of three months, as that rate appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 as of 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on the relevant EURIBOR Interest Determination Date; (ii) if the rate described in clause (i) above does not appear on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, EURIBOR will be determined on the basis of the rates, at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on the relevant EURIBOR Interest Determination Date, at which deposits of the following kind are offered to prime banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market by the principal Euro-Zone office of each of four major banks in that market selected by the Company: euro deposits having a maturity of three months beginning on such Interest Reset Date and in a principal amount of not less than €1,000,000 that is representative for a single transaction in such market at such time. [COMPANY] will request the principal Euro-Zone office of each of these banks to provide to the Calculation Agent a quotation in writing of its rate. If at least two quotations are provided in writing, EURIBOR for such EURIBOR Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean (rounded upwards) of such quotations calculated by the Calculation Agent of such quotations; (iii) if fewer than two quotations are provided as described in clause (ii) above, EURIBOR for the relevant EURIBOR Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates for loans of the following kind to leading Euro-Zone banks quoted in writing, at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on such EURIBOR Interest Determination Date, by three major banks in the Euro-Zone selected by the Company: loans of euro having a maturity of three months beginning on such Interest Reset Date and in a principal amount of not less than €1,000,000 that is representative for a single transaction in such market at such time; and (iv) if fewer than three banks selected by the Issuer are quoting as described in clause (iii) above, EURIBOR shall be the EURIBOR in effect on such EURIBOR Interest Determination Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Reset Date, the initial Base Rate). A-2 Upon request of the Holder to the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will provide the interest rate then in effect on the 2020 Notes and, if determined, the interest rate that will become effective on the next Interest Reset Date. If any maturity date or earlier date of redemption of the 2020 Notes falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the required payment shall be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date the payment was due and no interest shall accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that maturity date or that date of redemption, as the case may be. 6. Place of Payment . Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the 2020 Notes shall be payable, and the transfer of the 2020 Notes shall be registrable, at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained for such purpose in Minneapolis, Minnesota, except that, at the option of the Issuer, interest may be paid by mailing a check to the address of the person entitled thereto as it appears on the 2020 Notes register; provided , however , that while any 2020 Notes are represented by a Registered Global Security, payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the 2020 Notes may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. 7. Optional Tax Redemption . The 2020 Notes may be redeemed at the Issuer’s option in whole, but not in part, at 100% of the principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date if, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws, regulations or rulings of the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), or any change in official position regarding application or interpretation of those laws, regulations or rulings (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change, amendment, application or interpretation is announced and becomes effective on or after the February 12, 2018, the Issuer becomes or, based upon a written opinion of independent counsel selected by the Issuer, will become obligated to pay Additional Amounts as described in Section 16 hereof and that obligation cannot be avoided by taking reasonable measures available to the Issuer, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion acting in good faith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on 2020 Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date. Holders of the 2020 Notes to be redeemed will receive notice thereof mailed (or, in the case of 2020 Notes held in book-entry form, transmitted electronically) at least 15 and not more than 45 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption A-3 price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the 2020 Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. As used in this paragraph, the term “United States” means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, the states of the United States and the District of Columbia. 8. Change of Control . If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer has previously exercised its right to redeem the 2020 Notes in whole as described above, Holders of the 2020 Notes will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase all or any part (in integral multiples of €1,000 original principal amount) of their 2020 Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the “Change of Control Offer”); provided that the principal amount of any 2020 Note remaining outstanding after a repurchase in part shall be €100,000 or a higher integral multiple of €1,000. In the Change of Control Offer, the Issuer will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2020 Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the 2020 Notes repurchased, to, but not including, the date of repurchase (the “Change of Control Payment”). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer will be required to mail a notice to Holders of the 2020 Notes describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the 2020 Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the “Change of Control Payment Date”), pursuant to the procedures described herein and in such notice. The Issuer must comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the 2020 Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control provisions herein, the Issuer will be required to comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions herein by virtue of such conflicts. The Paying Agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of 2020 Notes held in book-entry form, transmit electronically) to each Holder of the 2020 Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new 2020 Note equal in principal amount to any unrepurchased portion of any 2020 Notes surrendered; provided , that each new 2020 Note will be in a principal amount of €100,000 or an integral multiple of €1,000 thereafter. A-4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and the third party repurchases all 2020 Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Issuer will not repurchase any 2020 Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default, other than a default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to (i) accept for payment all 2020 Notes or portions thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent, no later than 10:00 a.m., London time, an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all 2020 Notes or portions thereof properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the 2020 Notes properly accepted together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of 2020 Notes or portions of 2020 Notes being repurchased. “Below Investment Grade Rating Event” means the 2020 Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies (as defined below) on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the 2020 Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any Person becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Issuer’s voting stock; or (3) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (i) the Issuer becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (ii) the holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer’s voting stock immediately prior to that transaction. A-5 “Change of Control Triggering Event” means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. “Continuing Directors” means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer who (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the date of original issue of the 2020 Notes; or (2) was nominated for election or elected to such Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of such Board of Directors at the time of such nomination or election (either by a specific vote or by approval of the Issuer’s proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director, without objection to such nomination). “Fitch” means [COMPANY]., a subsidiary of [COMPANY] and Fimalac, S.A. “Investment Grade Rating” means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody’s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P. “Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. “Rating Agencies” means (1) each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P; and (2) if any one or more of Fitch, Moody’s or S&P ceases to rate the 2020 Notes or fails to make a rating of the 2020 Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuer’s reasonable control, then, at the Issuer’s election, either (x) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, or (y) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, and any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer (as certified by a Board Resolution) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moody’s or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be. “S&P” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc. 9. Mandatory Redemption . The 2020 Notes are not mandatorily redeemable and are not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provisions. 10. Denominations . The 2020 Notes shall be issued initially in minimum denominations of €100,000 and shall be issued in integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof. 11. Amount Payable Upon Acceleration . The principal of the 2020 Notes shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Indenture. A-6 12. Payment Currency . All payments of interest and principal, including payments made upon any redemption or repurchase of 2020 Notes, will be made in euro; provided that if the euro is unavailable to the Issuer due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control or if the euro is no longer being used by the then member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the 2020 Notes will be made in Dollars until the euro is again available to the Issuer or so used. In such circumstances, the amount payable on any date in euro will be converted into Dollars at the rate mandated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, if the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System has not announced a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent Dollar/euro exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event The Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Issuer’s sole discretion on the basis of the most recently available market exchange rate for the euro. Any payment in respect of 2020 Notes so made in Dollars will not constitute an Event of Default. Neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the foregoing. 13. Payment Currency - Election . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12 hereof, the principal of and interest on the 2020 Notes shall not be payable in a currency other than euro. 14. Payment Currency - Index . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12 hereof, the principal of and interest on the 2020 Notes shall not be determined with reference to an index based on a coin or currency. 15. Registered Securities . The 2020 Notes shall be issued only as Registered Securities. The 2020 Notes shall be issuable as Registered Global Securities. 16. Additional Amounts . All payments of principal, interest, and premium, if any, in respect of the 2020 Notes will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, assessments, duties or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied or collected by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or the official interpretation or administration thereof. Subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, the Issuer will pay as additional interest in respect of the 2020 Notes such additional amounts as are necessary in order that the net A-7 payment by the Issuer of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest (collectively, “Additional Amounts”) in respect of the 2020 Notes to a Holder who is not a United States person (as defined below), after withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment, duties or other governmental charge imposed by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), will not be less than the amount provided in the 2020 Notes to be then due and payable; provided, however, that the foregoing obligation to pay Additional Amounts shall not apply: (1) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the Holder (or the beneficial owner for whose benefit such Holder holds such 2020 Note), or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the Holder if the Holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or a person holding a power over an estate or trust administered by a fiduciary Holder, being considered as (a) being or having been engaged in a trade or business in the United States or having or having had a permanent establishment in the United States, (b) having a current or former connection with the United States (other than a connection arising solely as a result of the ownership of 2020 Notes, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights hereunder), including being or having been a citizen or resident of the United States, (c) being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company or a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax, (d) being or having been a “10-percent shareholder” of the Issuer as defined in section 871(h)(3) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or any successor provision or (e) being a bank receiving payments on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, as described in section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code or any successor provision; (2) to any Holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of 2020 Notes, or a portion of 2020 Notes, or that is a fiduciary, partnership, limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity, but only to the extent that a beneficial owner with respect to the Holder, a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, or a beneficial owner or member of the partnership, limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity would not have been entitled to the payment of an Additional Amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment; (3) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the Holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of the Holder or beneficial owner of 2020 Notes, if compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the United States or any taxing authority therein A-8 or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the United States is a party as a precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge; (4) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed otherwise than by withholding by the Issuer or a Paying Agent from the payment; (5) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any Paying Agent from any payment of principal of or interest on any 2020 Notes, if such payment can be made without such withholding by any other Paying Agent; (6) to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property tax or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge, or excise tax imposed on the transfer of 2020 Notes; (7) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the presentation by the Holder of any 2020 Note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later, except to the extent that the beneficiary or Holder thereof would have been entitled to the payment of Additional Amounts had such 2020 Note been presented for payment on any day during such 30-day period; to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor provisions), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code, whether currently in effect or as published and amended from time to time; or (9) in the case of any combination of items (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (7) and (8). The 2020 Notes are subject in all cases to any tax, fiscal or other law or regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation applicable to 2020 Notes. Except as specifically provided in this Section 16, the Issuer will not be required to make any payment for any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by any government or a political subdivision or taxing authority of or in any government or political subdivision. As used in this Section 16 and above in Section 12 hereof, the term “United States” means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, the states of the United States and the District of Columbia, and the term “United States person” means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia, or any estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 17. Definitive Certificates . The 2020 Notes shall be exchanged by the Issuer for 2020 Notes in definitive form only (i) subject to the provisions of Section 2.8 of the Indenture or (ii) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and the Depositary requests the issuance of 2020 Notes in definitive form. A-9 18. Registrar; Paying Agent; Depositary . U.S. Bank National Association shall initially serve as the registrar and transfer agent and [COMPANY] DAC, UK Branch shall initially serve as the Paying Agent for the 2020 Notes. Clearstream Banking, S.A. and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. shall initially serve as the Depositary for the Registered Global Security representing the 2020 [COMPANY] DAC shall initially serve as the common depositary for the Depositary. 19. Events of Default; Covenants . There shall be no deletions from or modifications or additions to the Events of Default set forth in Section 5.1 of the Indenture with respect to the 2020 Notes. There shall be the following additions to the covenants of the Issuer set forth in Article III of the Indenture with respect to the 2020 Notes: Limitation on Liens . The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the 2020 Notes remain outstanding, it shall not, nor shall it permit any Consolidated Subsidiary to, create or assume any Indebtedness for money borrowed which is secured by a mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien (“liens”) of or upon any assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, of the Issuer or any such Consolidated Subsidiary without equally and ratably securing the 2020 Notes by a lien ranking equally to and ratably with (or at the option of the Issuer, senior to) such secured Indebtedness, except that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to (a) liens on any assets of any corporation existing at the time such corporation becomes a Consolidated Subsidiary; (b) liens on any assets existing at the time of acquisition of such assets by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary, or liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price of such assets upon the acquisition of such assets by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary or to secure any indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary prior to, at the time of, or within 360 days after such acquisition (or in the case of real property, the completion of construction (including any improvements on an existing asset) or commencement of full operation of such asset, whichever is later), which indebtedness is incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price thereof or, in the case of real property, construction or improvements thereon; (c) liens on any assets securing indebtedness owed by any Consolidated Subsidiary to the Issuer or another wholly owned Subsidiary; (d) liens on any assets of a corporation existing at the time such corporation is merged into or consolidated with the Issuer or a Subsidiary or at the time of a purchase, lease or other acquisition of the assets of a corporation or firm as an entirety or substantially as an entirety by the Issuer or a Subsidiary; (e) liens on any assets of the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary in favor of the United States of America or any state thereof, or any department, agency or A-10 instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States of America or any State thereof, or in favor of any other country, or any political subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price (or, in the case of real property, the cost of construction) of the assets subject to such liens (including, but not limited to, liens incurred in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue or similar financing); (f) any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any lien referred to in the foregoing clauses (a) to (e), inclusive; (g) liens imposed by law, such as mechanics’, workmen’s, repairmen’s, materialmen’s, carriers’, warehousemen’s, vendors’ or other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business, or governmental (federal, state or municipal) liens arising out of contracts for the sale of products or services by the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary, or deposits or pledges to obtain the release of any of the foregoing liens; (h) pledges, liens or deposits under worker’s compensation laws or similar legislation and liens or judgments thereunder which are not currently dischargeable, or in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of money) or leases to which the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary is a party, or to secure public or statutory obligations of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary, or in connection with obtaining or maintaining self-insurance or to obtain the benefits of any law, regulation or arrangement pertaining to unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security or similar matters, or to secure surety, appeal or customs bonds to which the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary is a party, or in litigation or other proceedings such as, but not limited to, interpleader proceedings, and other similar pledges, liens or deposits made or incurred in the ordinary course of business; (i) liens created by or resulting from any litigation or other proceeding which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, including liens arising out of judgments or awards against the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary with respect to which the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary is in good faith prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review or for which the time to make an appeal has not yet expired; or final unappealable judgment liens which are satisfied within 15 days of the date of judgment; or liens incurred by the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary for the purpose of obtaining a stay or discharge in the course of any litigation or other proceeding to which the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary is a party; (j) liens for taxes or assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due or delinquent, or which can thereafter be paid without penalty, or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; landlord’s liens on property held under lease; and any other liens or charges incidental to the conduct of the business of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary or the ownership of the assets of any of them which were not incurred in connection with the A-11 borrowing of money or the obtaining of advances or credit and which do not, in the opinion of the Issuer, materially impair the use of such assets in the operation of the business of the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary or the value of such assets for the purposes thereof; (k) liens relating to accounts receivable of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries which have been sold, assigned or otherwise transferred to another Person in a transaction classified as a sale of accounts receivable in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (to the extent the sale by the Issuer or the applicable Subsidiary is deemed to give rise to a lien in favor of the purchaser thereof in such accounts receivable or the proceeds thereof); or (l) liens on any assets of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (including Receivables Subsidiaries) incurred in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction. Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary may, without securing the 2020 Notes, create or assume any Indebtedness which is secured by a lien which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions, provided that at the time of such creation or assumption, after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions . The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the 2020 Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, nor shall the Issuer permit any Consolidated Subsidiary to, enter into any sale and lease-back transaction with respect to any assets, other than any sale and lease-back transaction involving a lease for a term of not more than three years, unless either (a) the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a lien on the assets to be leased in an amount at least equal to the Attributable Debt in respect of such transaction without equally and ratably securing the 2020 Notes pursuant to clauses (a) through (k) inclusive of the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Liens” above, or (b) the proceeds of the sale of the assets to be leased are at least equal to their fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer) and the proceeds are applied to the purchase or acquisition (or, in the case of real property, the construction) of assets or to the retirement (other than at maturity or pursuant to a mandatory sinking fund or mandatory redemption provision) of indebtedness. The foregoing limitation shall not apply, if at the time the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary enters into such sale and lease-back transaction, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “Attributable Debt” in connection with a sale and lease-back transaction shall mean, as of the date of determination, the lesser of (a) the A-12 fair value of the assets subject to such transaction, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, or (b) the present value (discounted at the rate of interest set forth in or implicit in the terms of such lease or, if it is not practicable to determine such rate, the weighted average interest rate per annum borne by all series of Securities then Outstanding and subject to the “Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions” covenant above compounded semi-annually, in either case as determined by the principal accounting or financial officer of the Issuer) of the remaining obligations of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary for net rental payments during the remaining term of all leases (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). The term “Consolidated Subsidiary” shall mean any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, and substantially all the operations of which are conducted, in the United States of America whose financial statements are consolidated with those of the Issuer in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “Exempted Debt” shall mean the sum of the following as of the date of determination: (i) Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries incurred after the date of issuance of the 2020 Notes and secured by liens not permitted to be created or assumed pursuant to the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Liens” above, and (ii) Attributable Debt of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in respect of every sale and lease-back transaction entered into after the date of issuance of the 2020 Notes, other than leases expressly permitted by the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions” above. The term “Indebtedness” shall mean all items classified as indebtedness on the most recently available consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “net rental payments” under any lease of any period shall mean the sum of the rental and other payments required to be paid in such period by the lessee thereunder, not including, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee (whether or not designated as rental or additional rental) on account of maintenance and repairs, reconstruction, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges required to be paid by such lessee thereunder or any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon the amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, reconstruction, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges. A-13 The term “Qualified Receivables Transaction” shall mean any transaction or series of transactions entered into by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries sells, conveys or otherwise transfers to (i) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries) and (ii) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or grants a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) or inventory of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including, without limitation, all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable or inventory, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable or inventory. The term “Receivables Subsidiary” shall mean a Subsidiary of the Issuer which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable or inventory (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction), (ii) is recourse or obligates the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer in any way other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than accounts receivable or inventory and related assets as provided in the definition of “Qualified Receivables Transaction”), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, (b) with which neither the Issuer nor any Subsidiary of Issuer has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms customary for securitization of receivables or inventory and (c) with which neither the Issuer nor any Subsidiary of the Issuer has any obligations to maintain or preserve such Subsidiary’s financial condition or cause such Subsidiary to achieve certain levels of operating results. 20. Conversion and Exchange . The 2020 Notes shall not be convertible into or exchangeable for any other security. 21. Additional Issues . The Issuer may, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the 2020 Notes, create and issue additional 2020 Notes with the A-14 same terms as the 2020 Notes in all respects, except for the issue date, the public offering price and, under certain circumstances, the first interest payment date. Such additional 2020 Notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the 2020 Notes. 22. Other Terms . The 2020 Notes shall have the other terms and shall be substantially in the form set forth in the form of the 2020 Notes attached hereto as Annex A-1. In case of any conflict between this Annex A and the 2020 Notes, the form of the 2020 Notes shall control. 23. Access to Information . The Issuer and the Holders shall cooperate with the Trustee and shall provide the Trustee with reasonable access to, and copies of, documents or information necessary for the Trustee to comply with any cost basis reporting obligations imposed on it by a governmental authority in connection with certain transfers or exchanges of 2020 Notes. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Annex A shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. A-15 ANNEX A-1 [FORM OF 2020 NOTE] REGISTERED REGISTERED THIS NOTE IS A REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A COMMON DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A COMMON DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMMON DEPOSITARY TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF USB NOMINEES (UK) LIMITED OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMMON DEPOSITARY AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO USB NOMINEES (UK) LIMITED, ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY A PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, USB NOMINEES (UK) LIMITED, HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE. No. R – A1 ISIN NO.XS1771768188 COMMON CODE 177176818 Apex Health Distribution FLOATING RATE NOTES DUE FEBRUARY 12, 2020 Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Issuer,” which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to USB Nominees (UK) Limited, or registered assigns, the principal sum of Two Hundred and Fifty Million euros (€250,000,000) on February 12, 2020 (the “Issue Date”) and to pay interest on said principal sum from February 12, 2018, or from the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date, to which payment has been paid or duly provided for, on February 12, May 12, August 12 and November 12 of each year (each an “Interest Payment Date”) commencing on May 12, 2018, at a rate equivalent to the 3-month EURIBOR (the “Base Rate”) plus 0.15% per annum, as calculated by the Calculation Agent, until the principal hereof shall have become due and payable; provided, however, that the minimum interest rate shall be zero and in no event will the interest rate be higher than the maximum rate permitted by New York law as the same may be modified by United States laws of general application. The interest rate on this Note will be reset quarterly on February 12, May 12, August 12 and November 12 of each year (each an “Interest Reset Date”) commencing on May 12, 2018. The initial Base Rate for this Note in effect from the Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Reset Date will be the 3-month EURIBOR in effect on February 8, 2018. The interest rate on this Note will be determined on the second TARGET2 Business Day preceding the applicable Interest Reset Date (a “EURIBOR Interest Determination Date”). In the event that any Interest Payment Date or Interest Reset Date is not a Business Day, then such Interest Payment Date or Interest Reset Date shall be the next Business Day (and in the case of an Interest Payment Date, no interest or other payment will accrue in respect of such delay); except that if such next succeeding Business Day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, such Interest Payment Date or Interest Reset Day will be the immediately preceding Business Day. The Base Rate that takes effect on any Interest Reset Date shall equal the interest rate for deposits in euro designated as “EURIBOR” and sponsored jointly by the European Banking Federation and ACI — the Financial Market Association (or any company established by the joint sponsors for purposes of compiling and publishing that rate) on each EURIBOR Interest Determination Date, and will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions: (i) EURIBOR will be the offered rate for deposits in euro having a maturity of three months, as that rate appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01 as of 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on the relevant EURIBOR Interest Determination Date. (ii) If the rate described in clause (i) above does not appear on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, EURIBOR will be determined on the basis of the rates, at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on the relevant EURIBOR Interest Determination Date, at which deposits of the following kind are offered to prime banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market by the principal Euro-Zone office of each of four major banks in that market selected by the Issuer: euro deposits having a maturity of three months beginning on such Interest Reset Date and in a principal amount of not less than €1,000,000 that is representative for a single transaction in such market at such time. The Issuer will request the principal Euro-Zone office of each of these banks to provide to the Paying and Calculation Agent a quotation in writing of its rate. If at least two quotations are provided in writing, EURIBOR for such EURIBOR Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean (rounded upwards) of such quotations calculated by the Paying and [COMPANY] will ensure that the Paying and Calculation Agent is provided with appropriate contact details of the relevant personnel at each of the reference banks that the Paying and Calculation Agent will be requested to contact to provide such quotation of its rates. (iii) If fewer than two quotations are provided as described in clause (ii) above, EURIBOR for the relevant EURIBOR Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates for loans of the following kind to leading Euro-Zone banks quoted in writing, at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on such EURIBOR Interest Determination Date, by three major banks in the Euro-Zone selected by the Issuer: loans of euro having a maturity of three months beginning on such Interest Reset Date and in a principal amount of not less than €1,000,000 that is representative for a single transaction in such market at such time. A-1-2 (iv) If fewer than three banks selected by the Issuer are quoting as described in clause (iii) above, EURIBOR shall be the EURIBOR in effect on such EURIBOR Interest Determination Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Reset Date, the initial Base Rate). Upon request of the Holder to the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will provide the interest rate then in effect on this Note and, if determined, the interest rate that will become effective on the next Interest Reset Date. All percentages resulting from any calculation with respect to this Note will be rounded upward or downward, as appropriate, to the next higher or lower one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (e.g., 9.876541% (or .09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654% (or .0987654) and 9.876545% (or .09876545) being rounded up to 9.87655% (or .0987655)). All amounts used in or resulting from any calculation with respect to this Note will be rounded upward or downward, as appropriate, to the nearest cent, in the case of euro amounts or U.S. dollars, or to the nearest corresponding hundredth of a unit, in the case of a currency other than euro amounts or U.S. dollars, with one-half cent or one-half of a corresponding hundredth of a unit or more being rounded upward. The Issuer has initially appointed [COMPANY] DAC, UK Branch, as the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent with respect to the Notes, but the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, appoint any other institution (including any Affiliate of the Issuer) to serve as any such agent from time to time, without any prior notice to any Holder. The Issuer will give the Trustee prompt written notice of any change in any such appointment. The amount of interest payable shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated. The interest installment so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture (referred to on the reverse hereof) be paid to the person in whose name this Note is registered on the Security Registrar at the close of business on the Clearing Business Day immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for such interest installment. Any such interest installment not punctually paid or duly provided for shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holders on such record date and may be paid to the person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on a subsequent record date (which shall be not less than five Business Days prior to the date of payment of such defaulted interest), notice whereof shall be given by mail by or on behalf of the Issuer to the registered Holders of Notes not less than 15 days preceding such subsequent record date, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. The principal of and the interest on this Note shall be payable at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for that purpose in euro (except as otherwise provided in this Note); provided , however , that payment of interest may be made at the option of the Issuer by check mailed to the person entitled thereto at such address as shall appear in the registry books of the Issuer; provided , further , that for so long as this Note is represented by a Registered Global Security, payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on this Note may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. If the euro is unavailable to the Issuer due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control or if the euro is no longer being used by the then member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be A-1-3 made in Dollars until the euro is again available to the Issuer or so used. In such circumstances, the amount payable on any date in euro will be converted into Dollars at the rate mandated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, if the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System has not announced a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent Dollar/euro exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event The Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Issuer’s sole discretion on the basis of the most recently available market exchange rate for the euro. Any payment in respect of Notes so made in Dollars will not constitute an Event of Default. “Business Day” is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in New York City, London or another place of payment on the Notes is authorized or required by law to close and on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (the “TARGET2 System”), or any successor thereto, is open. “Clearing Business Day” means a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, except if such Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday falls on December 25 or January 1. Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee (as defined below) under the Indenture (as defined below), by the manual signature of one of its authorized signatories, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Capitalized terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. The provisions of this Note are continued on the reverse side hereof and such continued provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. A-1-4 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed, manually or in facsimile. Apex Health Distribution By: Name: Title: CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION This is one of the Securities referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Trustee By: Authorized Signatory Dated: A-1-5 [FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] This Note is one of a duly authorized series of securities (the “Securities”) of the Issuer designated as its Floating Rate Notes due February 12, 2020 (the “Notes”). The Securities are all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Indenture”), duly executed and delivered between the Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as trustee with respect to the Notes (the “Trustee”), to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. The terms of individual series of Securities may vary with respect to interest rate or interest rate formulas, issue dates, maturity, redemption, repayment, currency of payment and otherwise. The Notes are issuable only as Registered Securities in minimum denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. Except as set forth below, this Note is not redeemable and is not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provision. The Notes may be redeemed at the Issuer’s option in whole, but not in part, at 100% of the principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date if, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws, regulations or rulings of the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), or any change in official position regarding application or interpretation of those laws, regulations or rulings (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change, amendment, application or interpretation is announced and becomes effective on or after February 12, 2018, the Issuer becomes or, based upon a written opinion of independent counsel selected by the Issuer, will become obligated to pay Additional Amounts and that obligation cannot be avoided by taking reasonable measures available to the Issuer, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion acting in good faith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date. Holders of the Notes to be redeemed will receive notice thereof mailed (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, transmitted electronically) at least 15 and not more than 45 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. As used in this paragraph, the term “United States” means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, the states of the United States and the District of Columbia. If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer has previously exercised its right to redeem the Notes in whole as described above, Holders of the Notes will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase all or any part (in integral multiples of €1,000 original principal amount) of their Notes pursuant to the offer A-1-6 described below (the “Change of Control Offer”); provided that the principal amount of any Note remaining outstanding after a repurchase in part shall be €100,000 or a higher integral multiple of €1,000. In the Change of Control Offer, the Issuer will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased, to, but not including, the date of repurchase (the “Change of Control Payment”). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer will be required to mail a notice to Holders of the Notes describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the “Change of Control Payment Date”), pursuant to the procedures described herein and in such notice. The Issuer must comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control provisions herein, the Issuer will be required to comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions herein by virtue of such conflicts. The Paying Agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, transmit electronically) to each Holder of the Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unrepurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new Note will be in a principal amount of €100,000 or an integral multiple of €1,000 thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Issuer will not repurchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an event of default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to (i) accept for payment all Notes or portions thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent, no later than 10:00 a.m., London time, an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased. “Below Investment Grade Rating Event” means the Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies (as defined below) on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). A-1-7 “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any Person becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Issuer’s voting stock; or (3) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (i) the Issuer becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (ii) the holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer’s voting stock immediately prior to that transaction. “Change of Control Triggering Event” means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. “Continuing Directors” means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer who (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the date of original issue of this Security; or (2) was nominated for election or elected to such Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of such Board of Directors at the time of such nomination or election (either by a specific vote or by approval of the Issuer’s proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director, without objection to such nomination). “Fitch” means [COMPANY]., a subsidiary of [COMPANY] and Fimalac, S.A. “Investment Grade Rating” means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody’s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P. “Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. “Rating Agencies” means (1) each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P; and (2) if any one or more of Fitch, Moody’s or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuer’s reasonable control, then, at the Issuer’s election, either (x) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be or (y) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, and any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer (as certified by a Board Resolution) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moody’s or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be. “S&P” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc. A-1-8 All payments of principal, interest, and premium, if any, in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, assessments, duties or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied or collected by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or the official interpretation or administration thereof. Subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, the Issuer will pay as additional interest in respect of the Notes such additional amounts as are necessary in order that the net payment by the Issuer of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest (collectively, “Additional Amounts”) in respect of the Notes to a Holder who is not a United States person (as defined below), after withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment, duties or other governmental charge imposed by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), will not be less than the amount provided herein to be then due and payable; provided, however, that the foregoing obligation to pay Additional Amounts shall not apply: (1) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the Holder (or the beneficial owner for whose benefit such Holder holds such Note), or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the Holder if the Holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or a person holding a power over an estate or trust administered by a fiduciary Holder, being considered as (a) being or having been engaged in a trade or business in the United States or having or having had a permanent establishment in the United States, (b) having a current or former connection with the United States (other than a connection arising solely as a result of the ownership of a Note, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights hereunder), including being or having been a citizen or resident of the United States, (c) being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company or a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax, (d) being or having been a “10-percent shareholder” of the Issuer as defined in section 871(h)(3) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or any successor provision or (e) being a bank receiving payments on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, as described in section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code or any successor provision; (2) to any Holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of a Note, or a portion of a Note, or that is a fiduciary, partnership, limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity, but only to the extent that a beneficial owner with respect to the Holder, a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, or a beneficial owner or member of the partnership, limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity would not have been entitled to the payment of an Additional Amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment; (3) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the Holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of the Holder or beneficial owner of a Note, if compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the United States or any taxing authority therein or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the United States is a party as a precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge; (4) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed otherwise than by withholding by the Issuer or a Paying Agent from the payment; (5) to any tax, assessment or A-1-9 other governmental charge required to be withheld by any Paying Agent from any payment of principal of or interest on any Note, if such payment can be made without such withholding by any other Paying Agent; (6) to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property tax or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge, or excise tax imposed on the transfer of a Note; (7) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the presentation by the Holder of any Note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later, except to the extent that the beneficiary or Holder thereof would have been entitled to the payment of Additional Amounts had such Note been presented for payment on any day during such 30-day period; to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor provisions), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code, whether currently in effect or as published and amended from time to time; or (9) in the case of any combination of items (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (7) and (8). As used in this paragraph, the term “United States” means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, the states of the United States and the District of Columbia, and the term “United States person” means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia, or any estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. This Note is subject in all cases to any tax, fiscal or other law or regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation applicable hereto. If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of all the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Issuer and the Trustee, with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Securities or Subordinated Securities, as the case may be, of all series issued under such Indenture then outstanding and affected (each voting as one class), to add any provisions to, or change in any manner, eliminate or waive any of the provisions of, such Indenture or modify in any manner the rights of the holders of the Securities or Coupons so affected; provided that the Issuer and the Trustee, may not, without the consent of the holder of each Outstanding Security affected thereby, (i) extend the final maturity of the principal of any Security or reduce the principal amount thereof or premium thereon, if any, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest thereon, or reduce any amount payable on redemption thereof or change the currency in which the principal thereof (other than as otherwise may be provided with respect to such series), premium, if any, or interest thereon is payable or reduce the amount of the principal of any Original Issue Discount Security that is payable upon acceleration or provable in bankruptcy, or in the case of Subordinated Securities of any series, modify any of the subordination provisions or the definition of “Senior Indebtedness” relating to such series in a A-1-10 manner adverse to the holders of such Subordinated Securities, or alter certain provisions of the Indenture relating to Securities not denominated in Dollars or the Judgment Currency of such Securities or impair or affect the right of any Securityholder to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment thereof when due or, if the Securities provide therefor, any right of repayment at the option of the Securityholder or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage in principal amount of Securities of any series issued under the Indenture, the consent of the holders of which is required for any such modification. It is also provided in the Indenture that, with respect to certain defaults or Events of Default regarding the Securities of any series, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount Outstanding of the Securities of each such series, each such series voting as a separate class (or, of all Securities, as the case may be voting as a single class) may under certain circumstances waive all defaults with respect to each such series (or with respect to all the Securities, as the case may be) and rescind and annul a declaration of default and its consequences, but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or affect any subsequent default or shall impair any right consequent thereto. The preceding sentence shall not, however, apply to a default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any of the Securities. No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the time, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the registry books of the Issuer, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained by the Issuer for such purpose in Minneapolis, Minnesota, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee duly executed by, the holder hereof or by its attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may treat the person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. A-1-11 [FORM OF SCHEDULE FOR ENDORSEMENTS ON REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITIES TO REFLECT CHANGES IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT] Schedule A Changes to Principal Amount of Registered Global Securities Date Principal Amount of Notes by which this Registered Global Security is to be Reduced or Increased, and Reason for Reduction or Increase Remaining Principal Amount of this Registered Global Security Notation Made By A-1-12 ANNEX B Pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Indenture”), between Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Issuer”), and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), the terms of a series of securities to be issued pursuant to the Indenture are as follows: 1. Designation . The designation of the securities is “1.625 % Notes due 2026” (the “2026 Notes”). 2. Initial Aggregate Principal Amount . The 2026 Notes shall be limited in initial aggregate principal amount to €500,000,000 (except for 2026 Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other 2026 Notes pursuant to Section 2.8, 2.9, 2.11, 8.5 or 12.3 of the Indenture). 3. Currency Denomination . The 2026 Notes shall be denominated in euro. 4. Maturity . The date on which the principal of the 2026 Notes is payable is October 30, 2026. 5. Rate of Interest; Interest Payment Date; Regular Record Dates . Each 2026 Note shall bear interest from February 12, 2018 at 1.625% per annum until the principal thereof is paid. Such interest shall be payable annually in arrears on October 30 of each year, commencing on October 30, 2018, to the persons in whose names the 2026 Notes are registered at the close of business on the immediately preceding October 15. Interest on the 2026 Notes shall accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid, or, if no interest has been paid, from February 12, 2018. Interest on the 2026 Notes shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated and the actual number of days from and including the last date on which interest was paid on the 2026 Notes (or February 12, 2018, if no interest has been paid on the 2026 Notes), to, but excluding, the next scheduled interest payment date. This payment convention is referred to as “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” as defined in the rulebook of the [COMPANY] Market Association. In the event that any date on which principal, premium, if any, or interest is payable on the 2026 Notes is not a Business Day, then payment of the principal, premium, if any, or interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding date that is a Business Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay). For the purposes of the 2026 Notes, “Business Day” is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in New York City, London or another place of payment on the 2026 Notes is authorized or required by law to close and on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (the “TARGET2 System”), or any successor thereto, is open. B-1 6. Place of Payment . Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the 2026 Notes shall be payable, and the transfer of the 2026 Notes shall be registrable, at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained for such purpose in Minneapolis, Minnesota, except that, at the option of the Issuer, interest may be paid by mailing a check to the address of the person entitled thereto as it appears on the 2026 Notes register; provided , however , that while any 2026 Notes are represented by a Registered Global Security, payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the 2026 Notes may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. 7. Optional Redemption . The 2026 Notes may be redeemed (a) prior to July 30, 2026 (the “Par Call Date”) in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, at the option of the Issuer, for cash, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of their principal amount, or (ii) an amount, as determined by the Quotation Agent, equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of redemption), to the Par Call Date, discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis (Actual/Actual ICMA) at the Comparable Government Bond Rate plus 20 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including redemption date, (b) on or after the Par Call Date, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, at the option of the Issuer, for cash, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date or (c) at the Issuer’s option in whole, but not in part, at 100% of the principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date if, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws, regulations or rulings of the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), or any change in official position regarding application or interpretation of those laws, regulations or rulings (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change, amendment, application or interpretation is announced and becomes effective on or after the February 12, 2018, the Issuer becomes or, based upon a written opinion of independent counsel selected by the Issuer, will become obligated to pay Additional Amounts as described in Section 16 hereof and that obligation cannot be avoided by taking reasonable measures available to the Issuer, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion acting in good faith; provided that, in each case, after the principal amount of any 2026 Note remaining outstanding after a redemption in part shall be €100,000 or a higher integral multiple of €1,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on 2026 Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or B-2 prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date. Holders of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed will receive notice thereof mailed (or, in the case of 2026 Notes held in book-entry form, transmitted electronically) at least 15 and not more than 45 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the 2026 Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the 2026 Notes are to be redeemed, the 2026 Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the standard procedures of the Depositary. If the 2026 Notes to be redeemed are not Registered Global Securities then held by the Depositary, the Trustee will select the 2026 Notes to be redeemed on a pro rata basis. If the 2026 Notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) or any other national securities exchange registered under the Exchange Act, the Trustee will select 2026 Notes in compliance with the requirements of the NYSE or other national securities exchange on which the 2026 Notes are listed. “Comparable Government Bond” means, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by the Issuer (the “Quotation Agent”), a German government bond whose maturity is closest to the Par Call Date, or if such Quotation Agent in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other German government bond as such Quotation Agent may, with the advice of three brokers of, and/or market makers in, German government bonds selected by the Issuer, determine to be appropriate for determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. “Comparable Government Bond Rate” means the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third Business Day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such Business Day of the Comparable Government Bond on the basis of the middle market price of the Comparable Government Bond prevailing at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such Business Day as determined by the Quotation Agent. 8. Change of Control . If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer has previously exercised its right to redeem the 2026 Notes in whole as described above, Holders of the 2026 Notes will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase all or any part (in integral multiples of €1,000 original principal amount) of their 2026 Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the “Change of Control Offer”); provided that the principal amount of any 2026 Note remaining outstanding after a repurchase in part shall be €100,000 or a higher B-3 integral multiple of €1,000. In the Change of Control Offer, the Issuer will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the 2026 Notes repurchased, to, but not including, the date of repurchase (the “Change of Control Payment”). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer will be required to mail a notice to Holders of the 2026 Notes describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the 2026 Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the “Change of Control Payment Date”), pursuant to the procedures described herein and in such notice. The Issuer must comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the 2026 Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control provisions herein, the Issuer will be required to comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions herein by virtue of such conflicts. The Paying Agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of 2026 Notes held in book-entry form, transmit electronically) to each Holder of the 2026 Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new 2026 Note equal in principal amount to any unrepurchased portion of any 2026 Notes surrendered; provided , that each new 2026 Note will be in a principal amount of €100,000 or an integral multiple of €1,000 thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and the third party repurchases all 2026 Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Issuer will not repurchase any 2026 Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default, other than a default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to (i) accept for payment all 2026 Notes or portions thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent, no later than 10:00 a.m., London time, an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all 2026 Notes or portions B-4 thereof properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the 2026 Notes properly accepted together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes or portions of 2026 Notes being repurchased. “Below Investment Grade Rating Event” means the 2026 Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies (as defined below) on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the 2026 Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any Person becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Issuer’s voting stock; or (3) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (i) the Issuer becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (ii) the holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer’s voting stock immediately prior to that transaction. “Change of Control Triggering Event” means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. “Continuing Directors” means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer who (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the date of original issue of the 2026 Notes; or (2) was nominated for election or elected to such Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of such Board of Directors at the time of such nomination or election (either by a specific vote or by approval of the Issuer’s proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director, without objection to such nomination). “Fitch” means [COMPANY]., a subsidiary of [COMPANY] and Fimalac, S.A. B-5 “Investment Grade Rating” means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody’s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P. “Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. “Rating Agencies” means (1) each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P; and (2) if any one or more of Fitch, Moody’s or S&P ceases to rate the 2026 Notes or fails to make a rating of the 2026 Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuer’s reasonable control, then, at the Issuer’s election, either (x) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be or (y) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, and any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer (as certified by a Board Resolution) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moody’s or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be. “S&P” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc. 9. Mandatory Redemption . The 2026 Notes are not mandatorily redeemable and are not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provisions. 10. Denominations . The 2026 Notes shall be issued initially in minimum denominations of €100,000 and shall be issued in integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof. 11. Amount Payable Upon Acceleration . The principal of the 2026 Notes shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Indenture. 12. Payment Currency . All payments of interest and principal, including payments made upon any redemption or repurchase of 2026 Notes, will be made in euro; provided that if the euro is unavailable to the Issuer due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control or if the euro is no longer being used by the then member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the 2026 Notes will be made in Dollars until the euro is again available to the Issuer or so used. In such circumstances, the amount payable on any date in euro will be converted into Dollars at the rate mandated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, if the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System has not announced a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent Dollar/euro exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or prior B-6 to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event The Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Issuer’s sole discretion on the basis of the most recently available market exchange rate for the euro. Any payment in respect of 2026 Notes so made in Dollars will not constitute an Event of Default. Neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the foregoing. 13. Payment Currency - Election . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12 hereof, the principal of and interest on the 2026 Notes shall not be payable in a currency other than euro. 14. Payment Currency - Index . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12 hereof, the principal of and interest on the 2026 Notes shall not be determined with reference to an index based on a coin or currency. 15. Registered Securities . The 2026 Notes shall be issued only as Registered Securities. The 2026 Notes shall be issuable as Registered Global Securities. 16. Additional Amounts . All payments of principal, interest, and premium, if any, in respect of the 2026 Notes will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, assessments, duties or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied or collected by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or the official interpretation or administration thereof. Subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, the Issuer will pay as additional interest in respect of the 2026 Notes such additional amounts as are necessary in order that the net payment by the Issuer of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest (collectively, “Additional Amounts”) in respect of the 2026 Notes to a Holder who is not a United States person (as defined below), after withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment, duties or other governmental charge imposed by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), will not be less than the amount provided in the 2026 Notes to be then due and payable; provided, however, that the foregoing obligation to pay Additional Amounts shall not apply: (1) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the Holder (or the beneficial owner for whose benefit such Holder holds such 2026 Note), or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the Holder if the Holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or a person holding a power over an estate or trust administered by a fiduciary Holder, being considered as (a) being or having been engaged in a trade or business in the United States or having B-7 or having had a permanent establishment in the United States, (b) having a current or former connection with the United States (other than a connection arising solely as a result of the ownership of 2026 Notes, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights hereunder), including being or having been a citizen or resident of the United States, (c) being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company or a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax, (d) being or having been a “10-percent shareholder” of the Issuer as defined in section 871(h)(3) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or any successor provision or (e) being a bank receiving payments on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, as described in section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code or any successor provision; (2) to any Holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of 2026 Notes, or a portion of 2026 Notes, or that is a fiduciary, partnership, limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity, but only to the extent that a beneficial owner with respect to the Holder, a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, or a beneficial owner or member of the partnership, limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity would not have been entitled to the payment of an Additional Amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment; (3) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the Holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of the Holder or beneficial owner of 2026 Notes, if compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the United States or any taxing authority therein or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the United States is a party as a precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge; (4) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed otherwise than by withholding by the Issuer or a Paying Agent from the payment; (5) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any Paying Agent from any payment of principal of or interest on any 2026 Notes, if such payment can be made without such withholding by any other Paying Agent; (6) to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property tax or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge, or excise tax imposed on the transfer of 2026 Notes; (7) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the presentation by the Holder of any 2026 Note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later, B-8 except to the extent that the beneficiary or Holder thereof would have been entitled to the payment of Additional Amounts had such 2026 Note been presented for payment on any day during such 30-day period; to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor provisions), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code, whether currently in effect or as published and amended from time to time; or (9) in the case of any combination of items (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (7) and (8). The 2026 Notes are subject in all cases to any tax, fiscal or other law or regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation applicable to 2026 Notes. Except as specifically provided in this Section 16, the Issuer will not be required to make any payment for any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by any government or a political subdivision or taxing authority of or in any government or political subdivision. As used in this Section 16 and above in Section 12 hereof, the term “United States” means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, the states of the United States and the District of Columbia, and the term “United States person” means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia, or any estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 17. Definitive Certificates . The 2026 Notes shall be exchanged by the Issuer for 2026 Notes in definitive form only (i) subject to the provisions of Section 2.8 of the Indenture or (ii) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and the Depositary requests the issuance of 2026 Notes in definitive form. 18. Registrar; Paying Agent; Depositary . U.S. Bank National Association shall initially serve as the registrar and transfer agent and [COMPANY] DAC, UK Branch shall initially serve as the Paying Agent for the 2026 Notes. Clearstream Banking, S.A. and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. shall initially serve as the Depositary for the Registered Global Security representing the 2026 [COMPANY] DAC shall initially serve as the common depositary for the Depositary. B-9 19. Events of Default; Covenants . There shall be no deletions from or modifications or additions to the Events of Default set forth in Section 5.1 of the Indenture with respect to the 2026 Notes. There shall be the following additions to the covenants of the Issuer set forth in Article III of the Indenture with respect to the 2026 Notes: Limitation on Liens . The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the 2026 Notes remain outstanding, it shall not, nor shall it permit any Consolidated Subsidiary to, create or assume any Indebtedness for money borrowed which is secured by a mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien (“liens”) of or upon any assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, of the Issuer or any such Consolidated Subsidiary without equally and ratably securing the 2026 Notes by a lien ranking equally to and ratably with (or at the option of the Issuer, senior to) such secured Indebtedness, except that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to (a) liens on any assets of any corporation existing at the time such corporation becomes a Consolidated Subsidiary; (b) liens on any assets existing at the time of acquisition of such assets by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary, or liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price of such assets upon the acquisition of such assets by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary or to secure any indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary prior to, at the time of, or within 360 days after such acquisition (or in the case of real property, the completion of construction (including any improvements on an existing asset) or commencement of full operation of such asset, whichever is later), which indebtedness is incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price thereof or, in the case of real property, construction or improvements thereon; (c) liens on any assets securing indebtedness owed by any Consolidated Subsidiary to the Issuer or another wholly owned Subsidiary; (d) liens on any assets of a corporation existing at the time such corporation is merged into or consolidated with the Issuer or a Subsidiary or at the time of a purchase, lease or other acquisition of the assets of a corporation or firm as an entirety or substantially as an entirety by the Issuer or a Subsidiary; (e) liens on any assets of the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary in favor of the United States of America or any state thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States of America or any State thereof, or in favor of any other country, or any political subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price (or, in the case of real property, the cost of construction) of the assets subject to such liens (including, but not limited to, liens incurred in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue or similar financing); (f) any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any lien referred to in the foregoing clauses (a) to (e), inclusive; (g) liens imposed by law, such as mechanics’, workmen’s, repairmen’s, materialmen’s, carriers’, warehousemen’s, vendors’ or other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business, or governmental (federal, state or municipal) liens arising out of contracts for the sale of products or services by the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary, or deposits or pledges to obtain the release B-10 of any of the foregoing liens; (h) pledges, liens or deposits under worker’s compensation laws or similar legislation and liens or judgments thereunder which are not currently dischargeable, or in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of money) or leases to which the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary is a party, or to secure public or statutory obligations of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary, or in connection with obtaining or maintaining self-insurance or to obtain the benefits of any law, regulation or arrangement pertaining to unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security or similar matters, or to secure surety, appeal or customs bonds to which the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary is a party, or in litigation or other proceedings such as, but not limited to, interpleader proceedings, and other similar pledges, liens or deposits made or incurred in the ordinary course of business; (i) liens created by or resulting from any litigation or other proceeding which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, including liens arising out of judgments or awards against the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary with respect to which the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary is in good faith prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review or for which the time to make an appeal has not yet expired; or final unappealable judgment liens which are satisfied within 15 days of the date of judgment; or liens incurred by the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary for the purpose of obtaining a stay or discharge in the course of any litigation or other proceeding to which the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary is a party; (j) liens for taxes or assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due or delinquent, or which can thereafter be paid without penalty, or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; landlord’s liens on property held under lease; and any other liens or charges incidental to the conduct of the business of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary or the ownership of the assets of any of them which were not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money or the obtaining of advances or credit and which do not, in the opinion of the Issuer, materially impair the use of such assets in the operation of the business of the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary or the value of such assets for the purposes thereof; (k) liens relating to accounts receivable of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries which have been sold, assigned or otherwise transferred to another Person in a transaction classified as a sale of accounts receivable in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (to the extent the sale by the Issuer or the applicable Subsidiary is deemed to give rise to a lien in favor of the purchaser thereof in such accounts receivable or the proceeds thereof); or (l) liens on any assets of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (including Receivables Subsidiaries) incurred in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction. Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary may, without securing the 2026 Notes, create or assume any Indebtedness which is secured by a lien which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing B-11 restrictions, provided that at the time of such creation or assumption, after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions . The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the 2026 Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, nor shall the Issuer permit any Consolidated Subsidiary to, enter into any sale and lease-back transaction with respect to any assets, other than any sale and lease-back transaction involving a lease for a term of not more than three years, unless either (a) the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a lien on the assets to be leased in an amount at least equal to the Attributable Debt in respect of such transaction without equally and ratably securing the 2026 Notes pursuant to clauses (a) through (k) inclusive of the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Liens” above, or (b) the proceeds of the sale of the assets to be leased are at least equal to their fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer) and the proceeds are applied to the purchase or acquisition (or, in the case of real property, the construction) of assets or to the retirement (other than at maturity or pursuant to a mandatory sinking fund or mandatory redemption provision) of indebtedness. The foregoing limitation shall not apply, if at the time the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary enters into such sale and lease-back transaction, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “Attributable Debt” in connection with a sale and lease-back transaction shall mean, as of the date of determination, the lesser of (a) the fair value of the assets subject to such transaction, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, or (b) the present value (discounted at the rate of interest set forth in or implicit in the terms of such lease or, if it is not practicable to determine such rate, the weighted average interest rate per annum borne by all series of Securities then Outstanding and subject to the “Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions” covenant above compounded semi-annually, in either case as determined by the principal accounting or financial officer of the Issuer) of the remaining obligations of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary for net rental payments during the remaining term of all leases (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). The term “Consolidated Subsidiary” shall mean any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, and substantially all the operations of which are conducted, in the United States of America whose B-12 financial statements are consolidated with those of the Issuer in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “Exempted Debt” shall mean the sum of the following as of the date of determination: (i) Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries incurred after the date of issuance of the 2026 Notes and secured by liens not permitted to be created or assumed pursuant to the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Liens” above, and (ii) Attributable Debt of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in respect of every sale and lease-back transaction entered into after the date of issuance of the 2026 Notes, other than leases expressly permitted by the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions” above. The term “Indebtedness” shall mean all items classified as indebtedness on the most recently available consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “net rental payments” under any lease of any period shall mean the sum of the rental and other payments required to be paid in such period by the lessee thereunder, not including, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee (whether or not designated as rental or additional rental) on account of maintenance and repairs, reconstruction, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges required to be paid by such lessee thereunder or any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon the amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, reconstruction, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges. The term “Qualified Receivables Transaction” shall mean any transaction or series of transactions entered into by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries sells, conveys or otherwise transfers to (i) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries) and (ii) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or grants a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) or inventory of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including, without limitation, all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable or inventory, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable or inventory. B-13 The term “Receivables Subsidiary” shall mean a Subsidiary of the Issuer which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable or inventory (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction), (ii) is recourse or obligates the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer in any way other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than accounts receivable or inventory and related assets as provided in the definition of “Qualified Receivables Transaction”), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, (b) with which neither the Issuer nor any Subsidiary of Issuer has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms customary for securitization of receivables or inventory and (c) with which neither the Issuer nor any Subsidiary of the Issuer has any obligations to maintain or preserve such Subsidiary’s financial condition or cause such Subsidiary to achieve certain levels of operating results. 20. Conversion and Exchange . The 2026 Notes shall not be convertible into or exchangeable for any other security. 21. Additional Issues . The Issuer may, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the 2026 Notes, create and issue additional 2026 Notes with the same terms as the 2026 Notes in all respects, except for the issue date, the public offering price and, under certain circumstances, the first interest payment date. Such additional 2026 Notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the 2026 Notes. 22. Other Terms . The 2026 Notes shall have the other terms and shall be substantially in the form set forth in the form of the 2026 Notes attached hereto as Annex B-1. In case of any conflict between this Annex B and the 2026 Notes, the form of the 2026 Notes shall control. 23. Access to Information . The Issuer and the Holders shall cooperate with the Trustee and shall provide the Trustee with reasonable access to, and copies of, documents or information necessary for the Trustee to comply with any cost basis reporting obligations imposed on it by a governmental authority in connection with certain transfers or exchanges of 2026 Notes. B-14 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Annex B shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. B-15 ANNEX B-1 [FORM OF 2026 NOTE] REGISTERED REGISTERED THIS NOTE IS A REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A COMMON DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A COMMON DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMMON DEPOSITARY TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF USB NOMINEES (UK) LIMITED OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMMON DEPOSITARY AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO USB NOMINEES (UK) LIMITED, ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY A PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, USB NOMINEES (UK) LIMITED, HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE. No. R – A2 ISIN NO. XS1771723167 COMMON CODE 177172316 Apex Health Distribution 1.625% NOTES DUE OCTOBER 30, 2026 Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Issuer,” which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to USB Nominees (UK) Limited, or registered assigns, the principal sum of Five Hundred Million euros (€500,000,000) on October 30, 2026 and to pay interest on said principal sum from February 12, 2018, or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, annually on October 30 (the “Interest Payment Date”) of each year commencing on October 30, 2018, at the rate of 1.625% per annum until the principal hereof shall have become due and payable. The amount of interest payable on any Interest Payment Date shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated and the actual number of days from and including the last date on which interest was paid on this Note (or February 12, 2018, if no interest has been paid on this Note), to, but excluding, the next scheduled interest payment date. In the event that any date on which the principal or interest payable on this Note is not a Business Day, then payment of principal or interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay). The interest installment so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture (referred to on the reverse hereof) be paid to the person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of B-1-1 business on the record date for such interest installment, which shall be the close of business on the immediately preceding October 15 prior to such Interest Payment Date, as applicable. Any such interest installment not punctually paid or duly provided for shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holders on such record date and may be paid to the person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on a subsequent record date (which shall be not less than five Business Days prior to the date of payment of such defaulted interest), notice whereof shall be given by mail by or on behalf of the Issuer to the registered Holders of Notes not less than 15 days preceding such subsequent record date, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. The principal of and the interest on this Note shall be payable at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for that purpose in euro (except as otherwise provided in this Note); provided , however , that payment of interest may be made at the option of the Issuer by check mailed to the person entitled thereto at such address as shall appear in the registry books of the Issuer; provided , further , that for so long as this Note is represented by a Registered Global Security, payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on this Note may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. If the euro is unavailable to the Issuer due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control or if the euro is no longer being used by the then member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in Dollars until the euro is again available to the Issuer or so used. In such circumstances, the amount payable on any date in euro will be converted into Dollars at the rate mandated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, if the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System has not announced a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent Dollar/euro exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event The Wall Street Journal has not published such exchange rate, the rate will be determined in the Issuer’s sole discretion on the basis of the most recently available market exchange rate for the euro. Any payment in respect of Notes so made in Dollars will not constitute an Event of Default. For the purposes of the Notes, “Business Day” is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in New York City, London or another place of payment on the Notes is authorized or required by law to close and on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (the “TARGET2 System”), or any successor thereto, is open. Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee (as defined below) under the Indenture (as defined below), by the manual signature of one of its authorized signatories, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Capitalized terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. The provisions of this Note are continued on the reverse side hereof and such continued provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. B-1-2 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed, manually or in facsimile. Apex Health Distribution By: Name: Title: CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION This is one of the Securities referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Trustee By: Authorized Signatory Dated: B-1-3 [FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] This Note is one of a duly authorized series of securities (the “Securities”) of the Issuer designated as its 1.625% Notes due October 30, 2026 (the “Notes”). The Securities are all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Indenture”), duly executed and delivered between the Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as trustee with respect to the Notes (the “Trustee”), to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. The terms of individual series of Securities may vary with respect to interest rate or interest rate formulas, issue dates, maturity, redemption, repayment, currency of payment and otherwise. The Notes are issuable only as Registered Securities in minimum denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. Except as set forth below, this Note is not redeemable and is not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provision. The Notes may be redeemed (a) prior to July 30, 2026 (the “Par Call Date”) in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, at the option of the Issuer, for cash, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of their principal amount or (ii) an amount, as determined by the Quotation Agent, equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of redemption), to the Par Call Date, discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at the Comparable Government Bond Rate plus 20 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including the date of redemption, (b) on or after the Par Call Date, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, at the option of the Issuer, for cash, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date or (c) at the Issuer’s option in whole, but not in part, at 100% of the principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date if, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws, regulations or rulings of the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), or any change in official position regarding application or interpretation of those laws, regulations or rulings (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change, amendment, application or interpretation is announced and becomes effective on or after February 12, 2018, the Issuer becomes or, based upon a written opinion of independent counsel selected by the Issuer, will become obligated to pay Additional Amounts and that obligation cannot be avoided by taking reasonable measures available to the Issuer, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion acting in good faith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date. Holders of the Notes to be redeemed will receive notice thereof mailed (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, transmitted electronically) at least 15 and not more B-1-4 than 45 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, no Notes of a principal amount of €100,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the standard procedures of the Depositary. If the Notes to be redeemed are not Registered Global Securities then held by the Depositary, the Trustee will select the Notes to be redeemed on a pro rata basis. If the Notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) or any other national securities exchange registered under the Exchange Act, the Trustee will select Notes in compliance with the requirements of the NYSE or other national securities exchange on which the Notes are listed. As used in this paragraph, the term “United States” means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, the states of the United States and the District of Columbia. “Comparable Government Bond” means, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by the Issuer (the “Quotation Agent”), a German government bond whose maturity is closest to the Par Call Date, or if such Quotation Agent in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other German government bond as such Quotation Agent may, with the advice of three brokers of, and/or market makers in, German government bonds selected by the Issuer, determine to be appropriate for determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. “Comparable Government Bond Rate” means the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the Notes to be redeemed, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third Business Day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such Business Day of the Comparable Government Bond on the basis of the middle market price of the Comparable Government Bond prevailing at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such Business Day as determined by the Quotation Agent. If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer has previously exercised its right to redeem the Notes in whole as described above, Holders of the Notes will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase all or any part (in integral multiples of €1,000 original principal amount) of their Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the “Change of Control Offer”); provided that the principal amount of any Note remaining outstanding after a repurchase in part shall be €100,000 or a higher integral multiple of €1,000. In the Change of Control Offer, the Issuer will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased, to, but not including, the date of repurchase (the “Change of Control Payment”). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer will be required to mail a notice to Holders of the Notes describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the “Change of Control Payment Date”), pursuant to the procedures described herein and in such notice. The Issuer must comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable B-1-5 in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control provisions herein, the Issuer will be required to comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions herein by virtue of such conflicts. The Paying Agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, transmit electronically) to each Holder of the Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unrepurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new Note will be in a principal amount of €100,000 or an integral multiple of €1,000 thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Issuer will not repurchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an event of default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to (i) accept for payment all Notes or portions thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent, no later than 10:00 a.m., London time, an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased. “Below Investment Grade Rating Event” means the Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies (as defined below) on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any Person becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Issuer’s voting stock; or (3) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (i) the Issuer becomes a wholly B-1-6 owned subsidiary of a holding company and (ii) the holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer’s voting stock immediately prior to that transaction. “Change of Control Triggering Event” means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. “Continuing Directors” means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer who (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the date of original issue of this Security; or (2) was nominated for election or elected to such Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of such Board of Directors at the time of such nomination or election (either by a specific vote or by approval of the Issuer’s proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director, without objection to such nomination). “Fitch” means [COMPANY]., a subsidiary of [COMPANY] and Fimalac, S.A. “Investment Grade Rating” means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody’s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P. “Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. “Rating Agencies” means (1) each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P; and (2) if any one or more of Fitch, Moody’s or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuer’s reasonable control, then, at the Issuer’s election, either (x) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be or (y) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, and any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer (as certified by a Board Resolution) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moody’s or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be. “S&P” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc. All payments of principal, interest, and premium, if any, in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, assessments, duties or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied or collected by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or the official interpretation or administration thereof. Subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, the Issuer will pay as additional interest in respect of the Notes such additional amounts as are necessary in order that the net payment by the Issuer of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest (collectively, “Additional Amounts”) in respect of the Notes to a Holder who is not a United States person (as defined below), after withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment, duties or other governmental charge imposed by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein having power to tax), will not be less than the amount B-1-7 provided herein to be then due and payable; provided, however, that the foregoing obligation to pay Additional Amounts shall not apply: (1) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the Holder (or the beneficial owner for whose benefit such Holder holds such Note), or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the Holder if the Holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or a person holding a power over an estate or trust administered by a fiduciary Holder, being considered as (a) being or having been engaged in a trade or business in the United States or having or having had a permanent establishment in the United States, (b) having a current or former connection with the United States (other than a connection arising solely as a result of the ownership of a Note, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights hereunder), including being or having been a citizen or resident of the United States, (c) being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company or a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax, (d) being or having been a “10-percent shareholder” of the Issuer as defined in section 871(h)(3) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or any successor provision or (e) being a bank receiving payments on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, as described in section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code or any successor provision; (2) to any Holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of a Note, or a portion of a Note, or that is a fiduciary, partnership, limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity, but only to the extent that a beneficial owner with respect to the Holder, a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, or a beneficial owner or member of the partnership, limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity would not have been entitled to the payment of an Additional Amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment; (3) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the Holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of the Holder or beneficial owner of a Note, if compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the United States or any taxing authority therein or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the United States is a party as a precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge; (4) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed otherwise than by withholding by the Issuer or a Paying Agent from the payment; (5) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any Paying Agent from any payment of principal of or interest on any Note, if such payment can be made without such withholding by any other Paying Agent; (6) to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property tax or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge, or excise tax imposed on the transfer of a Note; (7) to the extent any tax, assessment or other governmental charge would not have been imposed but for the presentation by the Holder of any Note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later, except to the extent that the beneficiary or Holder thereof would have been entitled to the payment of Additional Amounts had such Note been presented for payment on any day during such 30-day period; to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor provisions), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement B-1-8 entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code, whether currently in effect or as published and amended from time to time; or (9) in the case of any combination of items (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (7) and (8). As used in this paragraph, the term “United States” means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, the states of the United States and the District of Columbia, and the term “United States person” means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia, or any estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. This Note is subject in all cases to any tax, fiscal or other law or regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation applicable hereto. If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of all the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Issuer and the Trustee, with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Securities or Subordinated Securities, as the case may be, of all series issued under such Indenture then outstanding and affected (each voting as one class), to add any provisions to, or change in any manner, eliminate or waive any of the provisions of, such Indenture or modify in any manner the rights of the holders of the Securities or Coupons so affected; provided that the Issuer and the Trustee, may not, without the consent of the holder of each Outstanding Security affected thereby, (i) extend the final maturity of the principal of any Security or reduce the principal amount thereof or premium thereon, if any, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest thereon, or reduce any amount payable on redemption thereof or change the currency in which the principal thereof (other than as otherwise may be provided with respect to such series), premium, if any, or interest thereon is payable or reduce the amount of the principal of any Original Issue Discount Security that is payable upon acceleration or provable in bankruptcy, or in the case of Subordinated Securities of any series, modify any of the subordination provisions or the definition of “Senior Indebtedness” relating to such series in a manner adverse to the holders of such Subordinated Securities, or alter certain provisions of the Indenture relating to Securities not denominated in Dollars or the Judgment Currency of such Securities or impair or affect the right of any Securityholder to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment thereof when due or, if the Securities provide therefor, any right of repayment at the option of the Securityholder or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage in principal amount of Securities of any series issued under the Indenture, the consent of the holders of which is required for any such modification. It is also provided in the Indenture that, with respect to certain defaults or Events of Default regarding the Securities of any series, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount Outstanding of the Securities of each such series, each such series voting as a separate class (or, of all Securities, as the case may be voting as a single class) may under certain circumstances waive all defaults with respect to each such series (or with respect to all the Securities, as the case may be) and rescind and annul a declaration of default and its consequences, but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or B-1-9 affect any subsequent default or shall impair any right consequent thereto. The preceding sentence shall not, however, apply to a default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any of the Securities. No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the time, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the registry books of the Issuer, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained by the Issuer for such purpose in Minneapolis, Minnesota, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee duly executed by, the holder hereof or by its attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may treat the person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. B-1-10 [FORM OF SCHEDULE FOR ENDORSEMENTS ON REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITIES TO REFLECT CHANGES IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT] Schedule A Changes to Principal Amount of Registered Global Securities Date Principal Amount of Notes by which this Registered Global Security is to be Reduced or Increased, and Reason for Reduction or Increase Remaining Principal Amount of this Registered Global Security Notation Made By B-1-11
EX-5.1 Exhibit 5.1 [Letterhead of Morrison & [COMPANY]] February 12, 2018 Board of [COMPANY] One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-215763) – € 250,000,000 Floating Rate Notes due 2020 and € 500,000,000 1.625% Notes due 2026 Ladies and Gentlemen: We have acted as counsel to Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of €250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of floating rate notes due 2020 (the “ Floating Rate Notes ”) and €500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 1.625% notes due 2026 (together with the Floating Rate Notes, the “ Notes ”), under that certain indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “ Base Indenture ”), among the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”), as supplemented by an officer’s certificate dated the date hereof (the “ Officer’s Certificate ” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “ Indenture ”), and pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-215763) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Act ”), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ Commission ”) on January 27, 2017 (the “ Registration Statement ”), including a base prospectus, dated January 27, 2017 (the “ Base Prospectus ”), as supplemented by a prospectus supplement, dated February 7, 2018, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act (together with the Base Prospectus, the “ Prospectus ”), and an Underwriting Agreement, dated February 7, 2018 (the “ Underwriting Agreement ”), between the Company and the several underwriters named in Schedule I thereto (collectively, the “ Underwriters ”). This opinion is being furnished in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the Notes. As counsel for the Company, we have examined the Registration Statement, the Indenture and originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such agreements, instruments, documents, certificates and records as we have deemed relevant and necessary for the basis of our opinions hereinafter expressed. In such examination, we have assumed: (i) the authenticity of original documents and the genuineness of all signatures; (ii) the conformity to the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies; (iii) the truth, accuracy and completeness of the information, representations and warranties contained in the agreements, instruments, documents, certificates and records that we have reviewed; and (iv) the legal capacity of all natural persons. As to all matters of fact, we have relied on the representations and statements of fact made in the documents so reviewed, and we have not independently established or verified the facts so relied on. This opinion letter is given, and all statements herein are made, in the context of the foregoing. Board of [COMPANY] February 12, 2018 Page 2 The opinions hereinafter expressed are subject to the following qualifications and exceptions: (i) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, including, without limitation, laws relating to fraudulent transfers or conveyances, preferences and equitable subordination; (ii) limitations imposed by general principles of equity upon the availability of equitable remedies or the enforcement of provisions of any securities, and the effect of judicial decisions which have held that certain provisions are unenforceable where their enforcement would violate the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, or would be commercially unreasonable, or where their breach is not material; and (iii) our opinions are based upon current statutes, rules, regulations, cases and official interpretive opinions, and it covers certain items that are not directly or definitively addressed by such authorities. To the extent that the obligations of the Company with respect to the Notes may be dependent upon such matters, we assume for purposes of this opinion that the Trustee is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization; that the Trustee is duly qualified to engage in the activities contemplated by the Indenture; that the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Trustee and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Trustee enforceable against the Trustee in accordance with its terms; that the Trustee is in compliance with respect to performance of its obligations under the Indenture, with all applicable laws and regulations; that the Trustee has the requisite organizational and legal power and authority to perform its obligations under the Indenture; and that a Statement of Eligibility of the Trustee on Form T-1 has been properly filed with the Commission. Based upon, subject to and limited by the foregoing, we are of the opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Notes have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Company against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Underwriting Agreements and, upon due authentication by the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company. This opinion letter is based as to matters of law solely on (i) the [COMPANY] Law, as amended, and (ii) applicable provisions of the laws of the State of New York (but not including any laws, statutes, ordinances, administrative decisions, rules or regulations of any political subdivision of the State of New York). We express no opinion herein as to any other laws, statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations. As used herein, the term “[COMPANY] Law, as amended” includes the statutory provisions contained therein, all applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution and reported judicial decisions interpreting these laws. This opinion letter has been prepared for your use in connection with the Registration Statement. We assume no obligation to advise you of any changes in the foregoing subsequent to the effective date of the Registration Statement. Board of [COMPANY] February 12, 2018 Page 3 We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Commission on or about February 12, 2018, which will be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, and to reference to us under the caption “Legal Matters” in the Prospectus, which is a part of the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not hereby admit that we are acting within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules or regulations of the Commission thereunder. Very truly yours, /s/ Morrison & [COMPANY] Morrison & [COMPANY]
EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Apex Health Distribution Floating Rate Notes due 2020 1.625% Notes due 2026 Underwriting Agreement February 7, 2018 Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY] 200 West Street New York, New York 10282 United States of America J.P. Morgan Securities plc 25 Bank Street London E14 5JP United Kingdom Merrill Lynch International 2 King Edward Street London EC1A 1HQ United Kingdom HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York, New York 10018 United States of America Wells Fargo Securities International Limited One Plantation Place 30 Fenchurch Street London EC3M 3BD United Kingdom As Representatives of the several Underwriters named in Schedule I hereto Ladies and Gentlemen: Introductory . Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated herein, to issue and sell to the several underwriters named in Schedule I (the “Underwriters”), acting severally and not jointly, the respective amounts set forth in such Schedule I of €250,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Company’s Floating Rate Notes due 2020 (the “2020 Notes”) and €500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Company’s 1.625% Notes due 2026 (the “2026 Notes” and, together with the 2020 Notes, the “Notes”). Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY], J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch International, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities International Limited have agreed to act as representatives of the several Underwriters (in such capacity, the “Representatives”) in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes. The Notes will be issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Base Indenture”) between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”). Certain terms of the Notes will be established pursuant to an officer’s certificate (the “Officer’s Certificate”) to the Base Indenture (together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”). [COMPANY], [COMPANY] DAC, U.S. Bank National Association and the Trustee will execute and deliver a Paying Agency Agreement to be dated on or prior to the Closing Date (as defined below) (the “Paying Agency Agreement”), to appoint [COMPANY] DAC, as paying agent (the “Paying Agent”) and U.S. Bank National Association as registrar and transfer agent with respect to the Notes. The Notes will be issued in the form of one or more permanent global securities (the “Global Security”) registered in the name of a nominee (which may be the Paying Agent) of a common depositary located outside the United States for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”), or Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”). The Notes will be issued in denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof. [COMPANY] has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) an automatic shelf registration statement (file number 333-215763) on Form S-3, which contains a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), covering the registration of certain securities, including the Notes, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the “Securities Act”), which registration statement was filed not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof and became effective upon filing under Rule 462(e) of the Securities Act (“Rule 462(e)”). Such registration statement, as of any time, means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto to such time, including the exhibits and any schedules thereto at such time, the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act (“Rule 430B”), and is referred to herein as the “Registration Statement”; provided, however, that the “Registration Statement” without reference to a time means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto as of the time of the first contract of sale for the Notes, which time shall be considered the “new effective date” of such registration statement with respect to the Notes within the meaning of Rule 430B(f)(2), including the exhibits and schedules thereto as of such time, the documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B. The Base Prospectus and each preliminary prospectus supplement used in connection with the offering of the Notes, including the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, are collectively referred to herein as the “Preliminary Prospectus.” Promptly after execution and delivery of this Agreement (the “Execution Time”), the Company will prepare and file a prospectus supplement relating to the Notes in accordance with the provisions of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act (“Rule 424(b)”). The Base Prospectus and the final prospectus supplement, in the form first furnished or made available to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Notes, including the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, are collectively referred to herein as the “Prospectus”. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents that are or are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on February 7, 2018 (the “Initial Sale Time”). For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (“EDGAR”). All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is “contained,” “included” or “stated” (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, at or prior to the Initial Sale Time; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the “Exchange Act”), which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, after the Initial Sale Time. 2 [COMPANY] hereby confirms its agreements with the Underwriters as follows: Section 1. Representations and Warranties of the [COMPANY] hereby represents, warrants and covenants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as follows: (a) Compliance with Registration Requirements . [COMPANY] meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or notice objecting to its use, has been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, the Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the “Trust Indenture Act”). At the respective times the Registration Statement and the most recent amendment thereto for purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus) became effective and as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto (i) complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act, and (ii) did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Date, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments or supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or the Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any of the Underwriters through the Representatives expressly for use therein (it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the information described as such in Section 8 hereof) (any such information, “Underwriter Information”) or to those parts of the Registration Statement that constitute the Statement of Eligibility (Form T-1) under the Trust Indenture Act of the Trustee. Each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, and the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Notes will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T. (b) Disclosure Package . The term “Disclosure Package” shall mean (i) the Preliminary Prospectus dated February 7, 2018, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act (each, an “Issuer Free Writing Prospectus”), if any, identified in Schedule II hereto and (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. As of the Initial Sale Time, the Disclosure Package did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The immediately preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure Package based upon and in conformity with any Underwriter Information. (c) Incorporated Documents . The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of such documents included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or any further amendment or supplement thereto, when such documents 3 become effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. (d) Company is a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer . At the time of the filing of the Registration Statement, at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) under the Securities Act) made any offer relating to the Notes in reliance on the exemption of Rule 163 under the Securities Act, and as of the Execution Time, the Company was and is a “well-known seasoned issuer” as defined in Rule 405 under the [COMPANY] has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration form. (e) Company is not an Ineligible Issuer . (i) At the time of the original filing of the Registration Statement, (ii) at the earliest time after the original filing of the Registration Statement that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2)) of the Notes and (iii) as of the Execution Time (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iii)), the Company was not and is not an “ineligible issuer” (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer. (f) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses . Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of Notes under this Agreement or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the immediately succeeding sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict. The foregoing two sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with any Underwriter Information. (g) Distribution of Offering Material By the Company . [COMPANY] has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the Underwriters’ distribution of the Notes, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes other than the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) or the Registration Statement. (h) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights . There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived. (i) The Underwriting Agreement . This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. (j) The Paying Agency Agreement . The Paying Agency Agreement has been duly authorized and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each of the other parties thereto, constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles (collectively, the “Enforceability Exceptions”). 4 (k) The Base Indenture . The Base Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Trustee, constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. (l) The Notes . The Notes to be purchased by the Underwriters from the Company are in the form contemplated by the Indenture, have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed by the Company and, when authenticated in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. The form of the Notes shall comply with the requirements of The New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”). (m) Description of the Paying Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Indenture . The Paying Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Indenture conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. (n) No Material Adverse Change . Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given therein, there has been no material adverse change, or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, management, business, properties, results of operations or prospects, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity (any such change is called a “Material Adverse Change”). (o) Independent Accountants . Deloitte & [COMPANY], who have expressed their opinion with respect to the Company’s audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017 incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, are an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and are a registered public accounting firm with the [COMPANY] Accounting Oversight Board. (p) Preparation of the Financial Statements . The financial statements together with the related notes thereto incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements comply as to form with the accounting requirements of the Securities Act and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved or [COMPANY] Reporting Standard, as applicable, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance in all material respects with the Commission’s rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Any pro forma financial statements included in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus include assumptions that provide a reasonable basis for presenting the significant effects attributable to the transactions and events described therein, the related pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those assumptions, and the pro forma adjustments reflect the proper application of those adjustments to the historical financial statement amounts in the pro forma financial statements included in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. Any pro forma financial statements for any period included in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. No other financial statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement. (q) Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company and its Significant Subsidiary . [COMPANY] has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has corporate power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be, and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this [COMPANY] is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except for such jurisdictions where the 5 failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the condition, financial or otherwise, earnings, management, business, properties, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity (a “Material Adverse Effect”). [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation, Apex Health Distribution UK Finance I Limited, a United Kingdom corporation, Apex Health Distribution International Bermuda IP2 Limited, a Bermuda corporation, [COMPANY], an Ireland corporation, Apex Health Distribution International Bermuda IP3A Limited, a Bermuda corporation, [COMPANY], an Ireland corporation, [COMPANY] & Co. KGaA (formerly known as [COMPANY] & Co. KGaA), a German corporation, and [COMPANY]., a Delaware corporation, are the Company’s only significant subsidiaries as of March 31, 2017, as defined by Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act (the “Significant Subsidiaries”), and each such Significant Subsidiary has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the corporate power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as presently conducted. (r) Capitalization and [COMPANY] Stock Matters . The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption “Capitalization” (other than for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee benefit plans described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or upon exercise of outstanding options described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as the case may be). (s) Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required . The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement, the Paying Agency Agreement, the Indenture and the Notes (collectively, the “Operative Instruments”), and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the issuance and sale of the Notes, (A) will not violate or conflict with or result in any contravention of any provision of the [COMPANY] Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), (B) will not conflict with the charter or by-laws of the Company, (C) will not constitute a violation of, or a breach or default under the laws of any agreement, contract, bond, indenture or other instrument binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or that would materially affect the power or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Operative Instruments or to consummate any of the transactions contemplated by the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the Operative Instruments, (D) will not violate or conflict with, or result in any contravention of, any judgment, order or decree of any governmental body, agency or court having jurisdiction over the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, except for a violation, conflict or contravention which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (E) do not and will not result in the imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties is bound, except for any liens, charges or encumbrances which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and (F) do not require any consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification with, any governmental body or agency, except such as may be required by the securities or Blue Sky laws of the various states, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the securities laws of any jurisdiction outside the United States in which the Notes are offered. (t) No Material Actions or Proceedings . There are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or, to the best of the Company’s knowledge, threatened to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of the properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (i) which are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus and are not so described (including in the documents incorporated therein by reference) or (ii) which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or materially affect the power or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Operative Instruments, or to consummate any of the transactions contemplated by the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or the Operative Instruments. There are no contracts or other documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are not described or filed as required (including in the documents incorporated therein by reference). (u) Intellectual Property Rights . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, to the Company’s knowledge, the Company or its subsidiaries own or possess a valid 6 right to use all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patentable inventions, trade secrets, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the “Intellectual Property”) used by the Company or its subsidiaries in, and material to, the conduct of the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ business as now conducted or as proposed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus to be conducted, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect or adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. (v) All Necessary Permits, etc. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has all necessary consents, authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits (collectively, “Permits”) of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all federal, state, provincial, local and other governmental authorities, all self-regulatory organizations and all courts and other tribunals, to own, lease, license and use its properties and assets and to conduct its business in the manner described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except to the extent that the failure to obtain or file would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Permits which, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (w) Compliance with Environmental Laws . [COMPANY] and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or regulated wastes, pollutants or contaminants (“Environmental Laws”), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. (x) Environmental Costs . There are no costs or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws (including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or any permit, license or approval, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) which would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, except as otherwise disclosed or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. (y) Tax Law Compliance . [COMPANY] and its subsidiaries have filed all necessary federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise tax returns in a timely manner and have paid all taxes required to be paid by any of them and, if due and payable, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them, except for any taxes, assessments, fines or penalties as may be being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, except where a default to make such filings or payments would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. (z) Company Not an “ [COMPANY] ”. [COMPANY] is not, and after receipt of payment for the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof as contemplated under the caption “Use of Proceeds” in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus will not be, an “investment company” within the meaning of the [COMPANY] Act of 1940, as amended (the “[COMPANY] Act”). (aa) No Price Stabilization or Manipulation . [COMPANY] has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would be reasonably expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the [COMPANY] has not issued and will not issue, without the prior consent of the Representatives (on behalf of the several Underwriters), any press or public announcement referring specifically to the proposed issue of, or the terms of, the Notes, unless such announcement adequately discloses (but only to the extent required by laws, regulators or guidelines (including the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority Handbook) applicable to the Company, the Underwriters, the Representatives, or any other entity undertaking stabilization in connection with the issue of the Notes) that stabilizing action may take place in relation to the [COMPANY] authorizes the Representatives to make any and all appropriate disclosure in relation to stabilization. 7 (bb) Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance . [COMPANY] has complied in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (collectively, the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”). (cc) No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments . None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of either (i) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (“FCPA”), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any “foreign official” (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA or (ii) the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the “Bribery Act”) and the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company and its subsidiaries, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and the Bribery Act and all other applicable anti-bribery or corruption laws and regulations (together, the “Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws”) and have instituted and maintain and enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance with the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws. To the best of the Company’s knowledge and belief, except as to such matters disclosed to the Representatives which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no actions or investigations by any governmental or regulatory agency are ongoing or threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, in relation to a breach of the Anti-Bribery and [COMPANY] will not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of the offering for any purpose that would breach the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws. (dd) Money Laundering . Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the “Money Laundering Laws”) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or regulatory body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. (ee) OFAC . Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is (A) an individual or entity (“Person”), or is 50% or more, individually or in aggregate, owned or controlled by a Person, currently the subject or target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), the United Nations Security Council (“UNSC”), the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury (“HMT”), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, “Sanctions”) or (B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of [COMPANY] will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. This Section 1(ee) shall only apply to [COMPANY] and [COMPANY], London Branch to the extent that it does not result in a breach and/or violation of or a conflict with any applicable anti-boycott statute such as (i) EU Regulation (EC) 2271/96 or (ii) section 7 foreign trade ordinance (AWV) (Außenwirtschaftsverordnung) or (iii) a similar anti-boycott statute. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing sentence does not apply to any Underwriter other than [COMPANY] and [COMPANY], London Branch. 8 (ff) Controls . [COMPANY] maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act and has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding (i) the reliability of financial reporting, (ii) the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and (iii) the accuracy of the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The internal control over financial reporting of the Company is effective. [COMPANY] has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) in accordance with the rules and regulations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters set forth therein. Section 2. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Notes . (a) The Notes . [COMPANY] agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, all of the Notes upon the terms herein set forth. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the aggregate principal amount of the Notes set forth opposite its name on Schedule I, plus any additional principal amount of Notes that such Underwriter may become obligated to purchase pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, at a purchase price of 100.200% of the principal amount of the 2020 Notes and 99.448% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes, payable on the Closing Date. (b) The Closing Date . Delivery of certificates for the Notes in global form to be purchased by the Underwriters and payment therefor shall be made at the offices of [COMPANY] , 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY 10019 (or such other place as may be agreed to by the Company and the Representatives) at 10:00 a.m., London time, on February 12, 2018, or such other time and date as the Underwriters and the Company shall mutually agree (the time and date of such closing are called the “Closing Date”). (c) Public Offering of the Notes . The Representatives hereby advise the Company that the Underwriters intend to offer for sale to the public, as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, their respective portions of the Notes as soon after the Execution Time as the Representatives, in their sole judgment, have determined is advisable and practicable. (d) Payment for the Notes . Payment for the Notes shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of [COMPANY] DAC, in its capacity as common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, for the account of the Company against delivery to the common depositary for the respective accounts of the Underwriters of the Global Security representing the Notes, with any transfer taxes payable in connection with the sale of the Notes duly paid, without duplication, by the Company. The Global Security will be made available by the Company for inspection not later than 1:00 P.M., London time, on the business day prior to the Closing Date. It is understood that the Representatives have been authorized, for their own accounts and for the accounts of the several Underwriters, to accept delivery of and receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Notes that the Underwriters have agreed to purchase. The Representatives may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment for any Notes to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds shall not have been received by the Representatives by the Closing Date for the account of such Underwriter, but any such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from any of its obligations under this Agreement. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further condition to the obligations of the Underwriters. 9 Section 3. Covenants of the [COMPANY] covenants and agrees with each Underwriter as follows: (a) Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests . [COMPANY] will promptly notify the Representatives, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the effectiveness during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below) of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission during the Prospectus Delivery Period, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or for additional information, and (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing, suspending or objecting to the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Notes for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes. [COMPANY] will promptly effect the filings necessary pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 under the Securities Act was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such document. [COMPANY] will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. (b) Filing of Amendments . During such period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending on the later of the Closing Date or such date as, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus is no longer required by law to be delivered in connection with sales of the Notes by an Underwriter or dealer, including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act (the “Prospectus Delivery Period”), the Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement (including any filing under Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act), or any amendment, supplement or revision to the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. (c) Delivery of Registration Statements . [COMPANY] will deliver, upon request, to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T. (d) Delivery of Prospectuses . [COMPANY] will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of the Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the [COMPANY] will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T. (e) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws . [COMPANY] will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Notes as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at the Initial Sale Time or at the time it is delivered or conveyed to a purchaser, not misleading, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of either such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of any law, the Company will (1) notify the Representatives of any such event, 10 development or condition and (2) promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such law, and the Company will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. (f) Blue Sky Compliance . [COMPANY] shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters to qualify or register the Notes for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws of those jurisdictions designated by the Representatives, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the [COMPANY] shall not be required to qualify to transact business or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign business. [COMPANY] will advise the Representatives promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Notes for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment. (g) Use of Proceeds . [COMPANY] shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes sold by it in the manner described under the caption “Use of Proceeds” in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. (h) Clearance and [COMPANY] will cooperate with the Underwriters and use its reasonable best efforts to permit the Notes to be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of Clearstream and Euroclear. (i) [COMPANY] will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Notes to be listed, subject to notice of official issuance, for trading on the NYSE as promptly as practicable after the Closing Date. (j) Stabilization. Merrill Lynch International (the “Stabilization Manager”) may, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and directives, over-allot and effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail, but in doing so the Stabilization Manager shall act as principal and not as agent of the Company and any loss resulting from over-allotment and stabilization will be borne, and any profit arising therefrom shall beneficially retained, by the Stabilization Manager. The Stabilization Manager acknowledges that the Company has not authorized the issue of Notes in principal amount exceeding €250,000,000 for the 2020 Notes or €500,000,000 for the 2026 Notes. (k) Periodic Reporting Obligations . During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the Commission all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act. (l) Agreement Not to Offer or Sell Additional Securities . During the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the Closing Date, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Representatives), offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any debt securities of or guaranteed by the Company which are substantially similar to the Notes. (m) Final Term Sheet . [COMPANY] will prepare a final term sheet, in a form approved by the Representatives and included in Exhibit A to Schedule II to this Agreement, and will file such term sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act within the time required by such rule (such term sheet, the “Final Term Sheet”). Any such Final Term Sheet is an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement. (n) Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses . [COMPANY] represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representatives, it will not make, any offer relating to the Notes that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a “free writing prospectus” (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 under the Securities Act; provided that the prior written consent of the Representatives shall be deemed to have been given in respect of any Issuer Free Writing 11 Prospectuses included in Schedule II to this Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to or deemed to be consented to by the Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a “Permitted Free Writing Prospectus.” [COMPANY] agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. [COMPANY] consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an “issuer free writing prospectus” as defined in Rule 433, and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Notes or their offering, (ii) information permitted by Rule 134 under the Securities Act or (iii) information that describes the final terms of the Notes or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet of the Company contemplated in Section 3(m). (o) No Manipulation of Price . [COMPANY] will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Notes. (p) Registration Statement Renewal Deadline . If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the “Renewal Deadline”) of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Notes remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Notes, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. If the Company is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Notes, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 180 days after the [COMPANY] will take all other action reasonably necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Notes. References herein to the “Registration Statement” shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be. (q) Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form . If at any time when Notes remain unsold by the Underwriters the Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the Representatives, (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Notes, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement or post-effective amendment to be declared effective as promptly as practicable and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such effectiveness. [COMPANY] will take all other action reasonably necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible to use the automatic shelf registration form. References herein to the “Registration Statement” shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. (r) Filing Fees . [COMPANY] agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Notes within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the Securities Act and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the Securities Act. (s) Rule 158 . [COMPANY] will timely file such reports pursuant to the Exchange Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its respective security holders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act. The Representatives, on behalf of the several Underwriters, may, in their sole discretion, waive in writing the performance by the Company of any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance. 12 Section 4. Payment of Expenses . (a) [COMPANY] agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Notes (including all printing and engraving costs), (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, (iii) all fees and expenses of the Company’s counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and the Operative Instruments, (v) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Notes in accordance with Section 3(f) hereof for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws, and, if requested by the Representatives, preparing a “Blue Sky Survey” or memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Underwriters of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions, (vi) the fees and expenses of the Trustee and the Paying Agent, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of any counsel to such parties in connection with the Indenture and the Notes, (vii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Notes with the ratings agencies, (viii) all fees and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with approval of the Notes for “book-entry” transfer through the facilities of Clearstream and Euroclear, (ix) all expenses incurred by the Company in connection with any “road show” presentation to potential investors, including travel expenses, (x) all other fees, costs and expenses referred to in Item 14 of Part II of the Registration Statement, and (xi) all other fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder for which provision is not otherwise made in this Section. Except as provided in this Section 4 and Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof, the Underwriters shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their counsel. (b) Each Underwriter agrees severally to pay the portion of the aggregate expenses of the Underwriters represented by such Underwriter’s pro rata share (based on the proportion that the principal amount of Notes set forth opposite each Underwriter’s name in Schedule I bears to the aggregate principal amount of Notes set forth opposite the names of all Underwriters) of the Notes (with respect to each Underwriter, the “Pro Rata Expenses”). Notwithstanding anything contained in the [COMPANY] Markets Association Primary Market Handbook, each Underwriter hereby agrees that the Settlement Lead Manager (as defined in Section 20 hereof) may allocate the Pro Rata Expenses to the account of such Underwriter for settlement of accounts (including payment of such Underwriter’s fees by the Settlement Lead Manager) as soon as practicable but in any case no later than 90 days following the Closing Date. Section 5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters . The obligations of the several Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Notes as provided herein on the Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as though then made and to the timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions: (a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement . The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act and on the Closing Date no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (or any required post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed and declared effective in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430B under the Securities Act). [COMPANY] has not received any notice from the Commission pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement. (b) Accountant’s Comfort Letter . On the date hereof, the Representatives shall have received from Deloitte & [COMPANY], an independent registered public accounting firm for the Company, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives with respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 13 (c) Bring-down Comfort Letter . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received from Deloitte & [COMPANY], an independent registered public accounting firm for the Company, a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished by them pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than three business days prior to the Closing Date. (d) No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change . For the period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date: (i) in the judgment of the Representatives there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; and (ii) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62)of the Exchange Act. (e) Opinion of Counsel for the Company . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the opinion of John Saia, Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, in the form agreed upon by the parties hereto. (f) Opinion of Counsel (including Negative Assurance Statements) for the Company . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the opinion (including the appropriate negative assurance statements) of Morrison & [COMPANY], special counsel for the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, in the form agreed upon by the parties hereto. (g) Opinion of Counsel (including Negative Assurance Statements) for the Underwriters . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion (including the appropriate negative assurance statements) of [COMPANY] , counsel for the Underwriters, dated as of such Closing Date, with respect to such matters as may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters. (h) Officers’ Certificate . On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a written certificate executed by the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer or the Treasurer of the Company and the [COMPANY] Officer or Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, to the effect that: (i) the Company has received no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any order suspending or preventing the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of such officers, threatened by the Commission; (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made on and as of such Closing Date; and (iii) the Company has complied with all the agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to such Closing Date. (i) Clearance and Settlement . The Notes shall be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of Clearstream and Euroclear. (j) [COMPANY] shall have applied to list the Notes on the NYSE. 14 (k) Additional Documents . On or before the Closing Date, the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters shall have received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Notes as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained. If any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 18 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. Section 6. Reimbursement of Underwriters’ Expenses . If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives pursuant to Section 5, 10 or 11, or if the sale to the Underwriters of the Notes on the Closing Date is not consummated because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to comply with any provision hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Representatives and the other Underwriters (or such Underwriters as have terminated this Agreement with respect to themselves), severally, upon demand for all out-of-pocket expenses (including but not limited to fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges) that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Representatives and the Underwriters in connection with the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Notes. Section 7. Effectiveness of this Agreement . This Agreement shall not become effective until the execution of this Agreement by the parties hereto. Section 8. Indemnification. (a) Indemnification of the Underwriters . [COMPANY] agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which such Underwriter or such director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and to reimburse each Underwriter and each such director, officer, employee, agent and controlling person for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by such Underwriter or such director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however , that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have. (b) Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers . Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Company or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or 15 other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of such Underwriter), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person for any legal and other expense reasonably incurred by the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. [COMPANY] hereby acknowledges that the only information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the fourth paragraph concerning the terms of the offering by the Underwriters, the third sentence of the eighth paragraph regarding market making by the Underwriters, and the ninth paragraph concerning short sales, stabilizing transactions and purchases to cover short positions created by the Underwriters, in each case, under the caption “Underwriting” in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that each Underwriter may otherwise have. (c) Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures . Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party for contribution or otherwise than under the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 8 or to the extent it is not prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, such indemnified party shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party, unless: (i) the employment of such counsel has been specifically authorized in writing by the indemnifying party; (ii) the indemnifying party has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; or (iii) the named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or any affiliate of the indemnifying party, and such indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that either (x) there may be one or more legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party or (y) a conflict may exist between such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to a single firm of local counsel) for all such indemnified parties, which firm shall be designated in writing by the Representatives and that all such reasonable fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred). Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying party’s election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding sentence, in which case the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party. 16 (d) Settlements . The indemnifying party under this Section 8 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 8(c) hereof, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party. Section 9. Contribution . If the indemnification provided for in Section 8 is for any reason held to be unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the front cover page of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of the Notes as set forth on such cover. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties’ relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8(c), any reasonable legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. [COMPANY] and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 9 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 9. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting commissions received by such Underwriter in connection with the Notes underwritten by it and distributed to the public. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters’ obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 9 are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective underwriting commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule I. 17 For purposes of this Section 9, each director, officer, employee and agent of an Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. Section 10. Default of One or More of the Several Underwriters . If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the several Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Notes that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, and the aggregate principal amount of Notes, which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be purchased on such date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in the proportion to the aggregate principal amounts of such Notes set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule I bears to the aggregate principal amount of such Notes set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Underwriters, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Representatives with the consent of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase such Notes which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase on such date. If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase such Notes and the aggregate principal amount of such Notes with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives and the Company for the purchase of such Notes are not made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 18 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. In any such case, either the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date, but in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if any, to the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any other documents or arrangements may be effected. For purposes of this Section 10, the 2020 Notes and the 2026 Notes shall be treated as two separate series of Notes, and the term Notes in this Section 10 shall apply to each series separately. As used in this Agreement, the term “Underwriter” shall be deemed to include any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this Section 10. Any action taken under this Section 10 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement. Section 11. Termination of this Agreement . Prior to the Closing Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice given to the Company if at any time (i) trading or quotation in any of the Company’s securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or the NYSE, or trading in securities generally on either the Nasdaq Stock Market or the NYSE shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such stock exchanges by the Commission or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of United States federal, New York state, or European Union authorities; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity involving the United States or a member of the European Union, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States’ or international political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the Representatives is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to market the Notes in the manner and on the terms described in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities; (iv) in the judgment of the Representatives there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change; or (v) there shall have occurred a material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services. Any termination pursuant to this Section 11 shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Sections 4 and 6 hereof, and provided further that Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 18 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. Section 12. No Fiduciary Duty . [COMPANY] acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Notes and any related discounts and commissions, is an arm’s-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) in connection with each transaction contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary of the 18 Company or its affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other party; (iii) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the several Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and the several Underwriters have no obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the several Underwriters with respect to the subject matter hereof. [COMPANY] hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the several Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty. Section 13. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery . The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement (i) will remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any (A) investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the officers or employees of any Underwriter, or any person controlling the Underwriter, the Company, the officers or employees of the Company, or any person controlling the Company, as the case may be or (B) acceptance of the Notes and payment for them hereunder and (ii) will survive delivery of and payment for the Notes sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. Section 14. Notices . All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered or telecopied and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows: If to the Representatives: Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY] 200 West Street New York, New York 10282-2198 United States of America Attention: Registration Department J.P. Morgan Securities plc 25 Bank Street Canary Wharf London E14 5JP United Kingdom Attention: Head of Debt Syndicate and Head of [COMPANY] Facsimile: +44 203 493 0682 Merrill Lynch International 2 King Edward Street London EC1A 1HQ United Kingdom Attention: Syndicate Desk Facsimile: +44 (0)20 7995 0048 HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York, New York 10018 19 Attention: [COMPANY] Telephone: (212) 525-3652 Facsimile: (212) 525-0238 Email: dcm.americas.tmg@us.hsbc.com Wells Fargo Securities International Limited One Plantation Place 30 Fenchurch Street London EC3M 3BD Attention: DCM & Syndicate Tel.: +44 20 7149 8481 Fax: +44 20 7149 8395 Email: DCMLondon@wellsfargo.com [COMPANY] 787 Seventh Avenue New York, NY 10019 Facsimile: (212) 839-5599 Attention: Samir A. Gandhi/Robert A. Ryan If to the Company: Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Facsimile: (415) 983-8826 Attention: General Counsel with a copy to: Morrison & [COMPANY] 2000 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 6000 Washington, DC 20006 Facsimile: (202) 785-7530 Attention: Scott Lesmes Any party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. Section 15. Successors . This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 10 hereof, and to the benefit of the directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents and controlling persons referred to in Sections 8 and 9, and in each case their respective successors, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term “successors” shall not include any purchaser of the Notes as such from any of the Underwriters merely by reason of such purchase. Section 16. Partial Unenforceability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. Section 17. Judgment Currency . [COMPANY] agrees to indemnify each Underwriter against any loss incurred by such Underwriter as a result of any judgment or order being given or made for any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order being expressed and paid in a currency (the “Judgment Currency”) other than the Euro and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of exchange at which the Euro amount is converted into the Judgment Currency for the purpose of such judgment or order, and (ii) the rate of exchange at which such Underwriter is able to purchase Euros with the amount of the Judgment Currency actually received by such 20 Underwriter. The foregoing indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation of the Company and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The term “rate of exchange” shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion into, the relevant currency. Section 18. Governing Law Provisions . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THAT STATE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. Section 19. Research Analyst Independence . [COMPANY] acknowledges that the Underwriters’ research analysts and research departments are required to be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and that such Underwriters’ research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company, its subsidiaries and/or the offering of the Notes that differ from the views of their respective investment banking divisions. [COMPANY] hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by such Underwriters’ investment banking divisions. [COMPANY] acknowledges that each of the Underwriters is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in debt or equity securities of the companies that may be the subject of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Section 20. General Provisions . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it is a sophisticated business person who was adequately represented by counsel during negotiations regarding the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification provisions of Section 8 and the contribution provisions of Section 9, and is fully informed regarding said provisions. Each of the parties hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Sections 8 and 9 hereto fairly allocate the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs and its business in order to assure that adequate disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements thereto), as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L, 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their clients, which may include the name and address of their clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their clients. The execution of this Agreement by all parties will constitute the Underwriters’ acceptance of the ICMA Agreement Among Managers Version 1/New York Schedule subject to any amendment notified to the Underwriters in writing at any time prior to the execution of this Agreement. References to the “Managers” shall be deemed to refer to the Underwriters, references to the “Lead Manager” shall be deemed to refer to Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY], J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch International, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities International Limited, and references to “Settlement Lead Manager” shall be deemed to refer to Merrill Lynch International. As applicable to the Representatives, Clause 3 of the ICMA Agreement Among Managers Version 1/New York Schedule shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with Section 10 of this Agreement. Solely for the purposes of the requirements of Article 9(8) of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “Product Governance Rules”) regarding the mutual responsibilities of manufacturers under the Product Governance Rules: 21 (a) each of Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY], J.P. Morgan Securities plc and Merrill Lynch International (each a “Manufacturer” and together “the Manufacturers”) acknowledges to each other Manufacturer that it understands the responsibilities conferred upon it under the Product Governance Rules relating to each of the product approval process, the target market and the proposed distribution channels as applying to the Notes and the related information set out in the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and announcements in connection with the Notes; and (b) the Underwriters and the Company note the application of the Product Governance Rules and acknowledge the target market and distribution channels identified as applying to the Notes by the Manufacturers and the related information set out in the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and announcements in connection with the Notes. Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of this Agreement or any other agreements, arrangements, or understanding between any of the parties hereto, each of the parties acknowledges, accepts, and agrees that any BRRD Liability of a BRRD Party hereto arising under this Agreement may be subject to the exercise of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: (a) the effect of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability or outstanding amounts due thereon; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability into shares, other securities or other obligations of another person (and the issue to or conferral on it of such shares, securities or obligations); (iii) the cancellation of the BRRD Liability; or (iv) the amendment or alteration of any interest, if applicable, thereon, the maturity or the dates on which any payments are due, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and (b) the variation of the terms of this Agreement, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. For the purposes of this Section, “Bail-in Legislation” means in relation to a member state of the European Economic Area which has implemented, or which at any time implements, the BRRD, the relevant implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement as described in the EU Bail-in Legislation Schedule from time to time; “BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time; “BRRD Liability” has the same meaning as in such laws, regulations, rules or requirements implementing the BRRD under the applicable Bail-in Legislation; “BRRD Party” means any party hereto that is subject to Statutory Loss Absorption Powers; “EU Bail-in Legislation Schedule” means the document described as such, then in effect, and published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person) from time to time at http://www.lma.eu.com/; 22 “Relevant Resolution Authority” means, in relation to any BRRD Party, the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers as defined in this Section; and “Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any applicable laws, regulations, rules or requirements pursuant to the applicable Bail-in Legislation. 23 If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing in the space provided below. Very truly yours, Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Brian P. Moore Name: Brian P. Moore Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer Signature Page to the Underwriting Agreement (Euro Notes) The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Underwriters as of the date first above written. GOLDMAN SACHS & [COMPANY] By: /s/ Adam Greene Name: Adam Greene Title: [COMPANY] By: /s/ Alan Kelly Name: Alan Kelly Title: Vice President MERRILL LYNCH INTERNATIONAL By: /s/ Adrien de Naurois Name: Adrien de Naurois Title: Managing Director HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC. By: /s/ Diane Kenna Name: Diane Kenna Title: Managing Director WELLS FARGO SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL LIMITED By: /s/ Frank Pizzo Name: Frank Pizzo Title: Regional President Signature Page to the Underwriting Agreement (Euro Notes) [COMPANY] By: /s/ Rajvir Jheeta Name: Rajvir Jheeta Title: Authorised Attorney CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED By: /s/ Tim Odell Name: Tim Odell Title: [COMPANY] By: /s/ James Morgan Name: James Morgan Title: Authorised Signatory BNP PARIBAS By: /s/ Hugh Pryse-Davies Name: Hugh Pryse-Davies Title: Duly Authorised Signatory By: /s/ Benedict Foster Name: Benedict Foster Title: [COMPANY], LONDON BRANCH By: /s/ John C. McCabe Name: John C. McCabe Title: Managing Director By: /s/ Anguel Zaprianov Name: Anguel Zaprianov Title: Managing Director Signature Page to the Underwriting Agreement (Euro Notes) [COMPANY] By: /s/ Matthias Preisser Name: Matthias Preisser Title: Authorized Signatory By: /s/ Adrian Schafer Name: Adrian Schafer Title: [COMPANY] By: /s/ James Walter Name: James Walter Title: Regional Director, Europe Legal By: /s/ Kshamta Kaushik Name: Kshamta Kaushik Title: Managing Director THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK By: /s/ Paul Eustace Name: Paul Eustace Title: Managing Director U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS, INC. By: /s/ William Carney Name: William Carney Title: Managing Director THE WILLIAMS CAPITAL GROUP, L.P. By: /s/ Jonathan Levin Name: Jonathan Levin Title: Principal Signature Page to the Underwriting Agreement (Euro Notes) COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. By: /s/ Othmar ter Waarbeek Name: Othmar ter Waarbeek Title: Executive Director By: /s/ EJ Manuels Name: EJ Manuels Title: Managing Director ING BANK N.V. BELGIAN BRANCH By: /s/ Francois Opfergelt Name: Francois Opfergelt Title: Managing Director By: /s/ Benoit van den Hove Name: Benoit van den Hove Title: [COMPANY] By: /s/ Robert W. Thomas Name: Robert W. Thomas Title: Managing Director DNB MARKETS, A DIVISION OF DNB BANK ASA By: /s/ Kjell Arne Bergene Name: Kjell Arne Bergene Title: Senior Vice [COMPANY] By: /s/ Jacqueline Wygas Name: Jacqueline Wygas Title: Authorized Signatory Signature Page to the Underwriting Agreement (Euro Notes) SCHEDULE I Underwriter Principal Amount of 2020 Notes to be Purchased Principal Amount of 2026 Notes to be Purchased Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY] € 43,750,000 € 87,500,000 J.P. Morgan Securities plc € 37,500,000 € 75,000,000 Merrill Lynch International € 37,500,000 € 75,000,000 HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. € 37,500,000 € 75,000,000 Wells Fargo Securities International Limited € 37,500,000 € 75,000,000 [COMPANY] € 5,000,000 € 10,000,000 Citigroup Global Markets Limited € 5,000,000 € 10,000,000 MUFG Securities EMEA plc € 5,000,000 € 10,000,000 BNP Paribas € 3,750,000 € 7,500,000 [COMPANY], London Branch € 3,750,000 € 7,500,000 [COMPANY] € 3,750,000 € 7,500,000 Scotiabank Europe plc € 3,750,000 € 7,500,000 The Toronto-Dominion Bank € 3,750,000 € 7,500,000 [COMPANY], Inc. € 3,750,000 € 7,500,000 [COMPANY], L.P. € 3,437,500 € 6,875,000 Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. € 3,437,500 € 6,875,000 ING Bank N.V. Belgian Branch € 3,437,500 € 6,875,000 [COMPANY] € 3,437,500 € 6,875,000 DNB Markets, a Division of DNB Bank ASA € 2,500,000 € 5,000,000 The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (trading as NatWest Markets) € 2,500,000 € 5,000,000 Total € 250,000,000 € 500,000,000 29 SCHEDULE II (a) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses: (1) Pricing Term Sheet dated February 7, 2018, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A to this Schedule II. (b) [COMPANY] by Reference: None. 30 Exhibit A to Schedule II Form of [COMPANY] Floating Rate Notes due 2020 1.625% Notes due 2026 Issuer: Apex Health Distribution Title: Floating Rate Notes due 2020 1.625% Notes due 2026 Size: €250,000,000 €500,000,000 Maturity Date: February 12, 2020 October 30, 2026 Interest Payment Dates: February 12, May 12, August 12 and November 12 of each year, commencing May 12, 2018 October 30, of each year, commencing October 30, 2018 (short first coupon) Interest Reset Date: Each Interest Payment Date N/A Interest Reset Period: Quarterly N/A Initial Interest Reset Date: May 12, 2018 N/A Day Count Convention: Actual/360 Actual/Actual (ICMA) Coupon: Three month EURIBOR + 15 bps 1.625% per year Minimum Interest Rate: 0.000% N/A Benchmark German Government Security: N/A DBR 0.000% due August 15, 2026 Benchmark German Government Security Price/Yield: N/A 95.450%; 0.549% Spread to Benchmark German Government Security: N/A +108.9 bps Yield to Maturity: N/A 1.638% Mid-Swap Yield: N/A 0.968% Spread to Mid-Swap Yield: N/A +67 bps Price to Public: 100.400% 99.898% Redemption: None (besides optional tax redemption as described in the prospectus) Make-whole and par call (besides optional tax redemption as described in the prospectus) Make-Whole: N/A Comparable Government Bond Rate +20 bps 31 Par Call: N/A Beginning July 30, 2026 at par CUSIP: 581557 BK0 581557 BL8 ISIN: XS1771768188 XS1771723167 Common Code: 177176818 177172316 Trade Date: February 7, 2018 Settlement Date: February 12, 2018 (T+3) Global Coordinator: Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY] Joint Book-Running Managers: J.P. Morgan Securities plc Merrill Lynch International HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. Wells Fargo Securities International Limited Senior Co-Managers: [COMPANY] Citigroup Global Markets Limited MUFG Securities EMEA plc Co-Managers: [COMPANY], [COMPANY] Scotiabank Europe plc [COMPANY], Inc. Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. ING [COMPANY] Group, [COMPANY] DNB Markets, a Division of DNB Bank ASA The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (trading as NatWest Markets) The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY] toll-free at 1-866-471-2526, J.P. Morgan Securities plc collect at 1-212-834-4533, Merrill Lynch International toll-free at 44-207-995-3966, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. toll-free at 1-866-811-8049 and Wells Fargo Securities International Limited toll-free at 1-800-645-3751. MiFID II professionals/ECPs-only / No PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (MiFID II product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in the EEA. The communication of this pricing term sheet and any other document or materials relating to the issue of the Notes offered hereby is not being made, and such documents and/or materials have not been approved, by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the United Kingdom’s [COMPANY] and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”). Accordingly, such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as 32 a financial promotion is only being made to those persons in the United Kingdom who have professional experience in matters relating to investments and who fall within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the [COMPANY] and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the “Financial Promotion Order”)), or who fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order, or who are any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). In the United Kingdom, the Notes offered hereby are only available to, and any investment or investment activity to which this pricing term sheet relates will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this pricing term sheet or any of its contents. This pricing term sheet supplements the preliminary prospectus supplement dated February 7, 2018 and prospectus dated January 27, 2017. 33
EX-99.2 Exhibit 99.2 Apex Health Distribution 3.950% Notes due 2028 Underwriting Agreement February 7, 2018 Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY] 200 West Street New York, New York 10282 United States of [COMPANY] 383 Madison Avenue New York, New York 10179 United States of America Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & [COMPANY] Bank of America Tower One Bryant Park New York, New York 10036 United States of America HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York, New York 10018 United States of America Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 United States of America As Representatives of the several Underwriters named in Schedule I hereto Ladies and Gentlemen: Introductory . Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated herein, to issue and sell to the several underwriters named in Schedule I (the “Underwriters”), acting severally and not jointly, the respective amounts set forth in such Schedule I of $600,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Company’s 3.950% Notes due 2028 (the “Notes”). Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY], [COMPANY], Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & [COMPANY], HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC have agreed to act as representatives of the several Underwriters (in such capacity, the “Representatives”) in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes. The Notes will be issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Base Indenture”) between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”). Certain terms of the Notes will be established pursuant to an officer’s certificate (the “Officer’s Certificate”) to the Base Indenture (together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”). The Notes will be issued in book-entry form in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of [COMPANY] (the “Depositary”), pursuant to a Blanket Letter of Representations, dated March 2, 2007 (the “DTC Agreement”), between the Company and the [COMPANY] has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) an automatic shelf registration statement (file number 333-215763) on Form S-3, which contains a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), covering the registration of certain securities, including the Notes, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the “Securities Act”), which registration statement was filed not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof and became effective upon filing under Rule 462(e) of the Securities Act (“Rule 462(e)”). Such registration statement, as of any time, means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto to such time, including the exhibits and any schedules thereto at such time, the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act (“Rule 430B”), and is referred to herein as the “Registration Statement”; provided, however, that the “Registration Statement” without reference to a time means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto as of the time of the first contract of sale for the Notes, which time shall be considered the “new effective date” of such registration statement with respect to the Notes within the meaning of Rule 430B(f)(2), including the exhibits and schedules thereto as of such time, the documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B. The Base Prospectus and each preliminary prospectus supplement used in connection with the offering of the Notes, including the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, are collectively referred to herein as the “Preliminary Prospectus.” Promptly after execution and delivery of this Agreement (the “Execution Time”), the Company will prepare and file a prospectus supplement relating to the Notes in accordance with the provisions of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act (“Rule 424(b)”). The Base Prospectus and the final prospectus supplement, in the form first furnished or made available to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Notes, including the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, are collectively referred to herein as the “Prospectus”. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents that are or are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act prior to 4.45 p.m. (New York time) on February 7, 2018 (the “Initial Sale Time”). For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (“EDGAR”). All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is “contained,” “included” or “stated” (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, at or prior to the Initial Sale Time; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the “Exchange Act”), which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, after the [COMPANY] hereby confirms its agreements with the Underwriters as follows: Section 1. Representations and Warranties of the [COMPANY] hereby represents, warrants and covenants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as follows: (a) Compliance with Registration Requirements . [COMPANY] meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or notice objecting to its use, has been 2 issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, the Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the “Trust Indenture Act”). At the respective times the Registration Statement and the most recent amendment thereto for purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus) became effective and as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto (i) complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act, and (ii) did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Date, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments or supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or the Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any of the Underwriters through the Representatives expressly for use therein (it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the information described as such in Section 8 hereof) (any such information, “Underwriter Information”) or to those parts of the Registration Statement that constitute the Statement of Eligibility (Form T-1) under the Trust Indenture Act of the Trustee. Each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, and the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Notes will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T. (b) Disclosure Package . The term “Disclosure Package” shall mean (i) the Preliminary Prospectus dated February 7, 2018, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act (each, an “Issuer Free Writing Prospectus”), if any, identified in Schedule II hereto and (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. As of the Initial Sale Time, the Disclosure Package did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The immediately preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure Package based upon and in conformity with any Underwriter Information. (c) Incorporated Documents . The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of such documents included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or any further amendment or supplement thereto, when such documents become effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. (d) Company is a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer . At the time of the filing of the Registration Statement, at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) under the Securities Act) made any offer relating to 3 the Notes in reliance on the exemption of Rule 163 under the Securities Act, and as of the Execution Time, the Company was and is a “well-known seasoned issuer” as defined in Rule 405 under the [COMPANY] has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration form. (e) Company is not an Ineligible Issuer . (i) At the time of the original filing of the Registration Statement, (ii) at the earliest time after the original filing of the Registration Statement that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2)) of the Notes and (iii) as of the Execution Time (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iii)), the Company was not and is not an “ineligible issuer” (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer. (f) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses . Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of Notes under this Agreement or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the immediately succeeding sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict. The foregoing two sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with any Underwriter Information. (g) Distribution of Offering Material By the Company . [COMPANY] has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the Underwriters’ distribution of the Notes, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes other than the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) or the Registration Statement. (h) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights . There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived. (i) The Underwriting Agreement . This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. (j) The Base Indenture . The Base Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Trustee, constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles (collectively, the “Enforceability Exceptions”). (k) The Notes . The Notes to be purchased by the Underwriters from the Company are in the form contemplated by the Indenture, have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed by the Company and, when authenticated in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. (l) Description of the Notes and the Indenture . The Notes and the Indenture conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 4 (m) No Material Adverse Change . Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given therein, there has been no material adverse change, or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, management, business, properties, results of operations or prospects, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity (any such change is called a “Material Adverse Change”). (n) Independent Accountants . Deloitte & [COMPANY], who have expressed their opinion with respect to the Company’s audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017 incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, are an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and are a registered public accounting firm with the [COMPANY] Accounting Oversight Board. (o) Preparation of the Financial Statements . The financial statements together with the related notes thereto incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements comply as to form with the accounting requirements of the Securities Act and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved or [COMPANY] Reporting Standard, as applicable, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance in all material respects with the Commission’s rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Any pro forma financial statements included in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus include assumptions that provide a reasonable basis for presenting the significant effects attributable to the transactions and events described therein, the related pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those assumptions, and the pro forma adjustments reflect the proper application of those adjustments to the historical financial statement amounts in the pro forma financial statements included in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. Any pro forma financial statements for any period included in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. No other financial statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement. (p) Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company and its Significant Subsidiary . [COMPANY] has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has corporate power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be, and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this [COMPANY] is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the condition, financial or otherwise, earnings, management, business, properties, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity (a “Material Adverse Effect”). [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation, Apex Health Distribution UK Finance I Limited, a United Kingdom corporation, Apex Health Distribution International Bermuda IP2 Limited, a Bermuda corporation, [COMPANY], an Ireland corporation, Apex Health Distribution International Bermuda IP3A Limited, a Bermuda corporation, [COMPANY], an Ireland corporation, [COMPANY] & Co. KGaA (formerly known as [COMPANY] & Co. KGaA), a German corporation, and [COMPANY]., a Delaware corporation, are the Company’s only significant subsidiaries as of March 31, 2017, as defined by Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act (the “Significant Subsidiaries”), and each such Significant Subsidiary has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the corporate power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as presently conducted. (q) Capitalization and [COMPANY] Stock Matters . The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption “Capitalization” 5 (other than for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee benefit plans described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or upon exercise of outstanding options described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as the case may be). (r) Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required . The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement, the Indenture and the Notes (collectively, the “Operative Instruments”), and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the issuance and sale of the Notes, (A) will not violate or conflict with or result in any contravention of any provision of the [COMPANY] Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), (B) will not conflict with the charter or by-laws of the Company, (C) will not constitute a violation of, or a breach or default under the laws of any agreement, contract, bond, indenture or other instrument binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or that would materially affect the power or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Operative Instruments or to consummate any of the transactions contemplated by the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the Operative Instruments, (D) will not violate or conflict with, or result in any contravention of, any judgment, order or decree of any governmental body, agency or court having jurisdiction over the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, except for a violation, conflict or contravention which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (E) do not and will not result in the imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties is bound, except for any liens, charges or encumbrances which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and (F) do not require any consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification with, any governmental body or agency, except such as may be required by the securities or Blue Sky laws of the various states, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the securities laws of any jurisdiction outside the United States in which the Notes are offered. (s) No Material Actions or Proceedings . There are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or, to the best of the Company’s knowledge, threatened to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of the properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (i) which are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus and are not so described (including in the documents incorporated therein by reference) or (ii) which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or materially affect the power or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Operative Instruments, or to consummate any of the transactions contemplated by the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or the Operative Instruments. There are no contracts or other documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are not described or filed as required (including in the documents incorporated therein by reference). (t) Intellectual Property Rights . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, to the Company’s knowledge, the Company or its subsidiaries own or possess a valid right to use all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patentable inventions, trade secrets, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the “Intellectual Property”) used by the Company or its subsidiaries in, and material to, the conduct of the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ business as now conducted or as proposed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus to be conducted, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect or adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. (u) All Necessary Permits, etc. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has all necessary consents, authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits (collectively, “Permits”) of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all federal, state, provincial, local and other governmental authorities, all self-regulatory organizations and all courts and other tribunals, to own, lease, license and use its properties and assets and to conduct its business in the manner described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except to the extent that the failure to obtain or file would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Permits which, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6 (v) Compliance with Environmental Laws . [COMPANY] and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or regulated wastes, pollutants or contaminants (“Environmental Laws”), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. (w) Environmental Costs . There are no costs or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws (including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or any permit, license or approval, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) which would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, except as otherwise disclosed or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. (x) Tax Law Compliance . [COMPANY] and its subsidiaries have filed all necessary federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise tax returns in a timely manner and have paid all taxes required to be paid by any of them and, if due and payable, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them, except for any taxes, assessments, fines or penalties as may be being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, except where a default to make such filings or payments would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. (y) Company Not an “ [COMPANY] ”. [COMPANY] is not, and after receipt of payment for the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof as contemplated under the caption “Use of Proceeds” in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus will not be, an “investment company” within the meaning of the [COMPANY] Act of 1940, as amended (the “[COMPANY] Act”). (z) No Price Stabilization or Manipulation . [COMPANY] has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would be reasonably expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the [COMPANY] has not issued and will not issue, without the prior consent of the Representatives (on behalf of the several Underwriters), any press or public announcement referring specifically to the proposed issue of, or the terms of, the Notes, unless such announcement adequately discloses (but only to the extent required by laws, regulators or guidelines (including the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority Handbook) applicable to the Company, the Underwriters, the Representatives, or any other entity undertaking stabilization in connection with the issue of the Notes) that stabilizing action may take place in relation to the [COMPANY] authorizes the Representatives to make any and all appropriate disclosure in relation to stabilization. (aa) Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance . [COMPANY] has complied in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (collectively, the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”). (bb) No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments . None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of either (i) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (“FCPA”), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any “foreign official” (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA or (ii) the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the “Bribery Act”) and the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company and its subsidiaries, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and the Bribery Act and all other applicable anti-bribery or corruption laws and regulations (together, the “Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws”) and have instituted and maintain and enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure, and which are 7 reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance with the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws. To the best of the Company’s knowledge and belief, except as to such matters disclosed to the Representatives which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no actions or investigations by any governmental or regulatory agency are ongoing or threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, in relation to a breach of the Anti-Bribery and [COMPANY] will not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of the offering for any purpose that would breach the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws. (cc) Money Laundering . Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the “Money Laundering Laws”) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or regulatory body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. (dd) OFAC . Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is (A) an individual or entity (“Person”), or is 50% or more, individually or in aggregate, owned or controlled by a Person, currently the subject or target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), the United Nations Security Council (“UNSC”), the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury (“HMT”), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, “Sanctions”) or (B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of [COMPANY] will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. (ee) Controls . [COMPANY] maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act and has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding (i) the reliability of financial reporting, (ii) the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and (iii) the accuracy of the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The internal control over financial reporting of the Company is effective. [COMPANY] has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) in accordance with the rules and regulations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters set forth therein. Section 2. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Notes . (a) The Notes . [COMPANY] agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, all of the Notes upon the terms herein set forth. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the aggregate principal amount of the Notes set forth opposite its name on Schedule I, plus any additional principal amount of Notes that such Underwriter may become obligated to purchase pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, at a purchase price of 99.325% of the principal amount of the Notes, payable on the Closing Date. 8 (b) The Closing Date . Delivery of certificates for the Notes in global form to be purchased by the Underwriters and payment therefor shall be made at the offices of [COMPANY] , 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY 10019 (or such other place as may be agreed to by the Company and the Representatives) at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on February 16, 2018, or such other time and date as the Underwriters and the Company shall mutually agree (the time and date of such closing are called the “Closing Date”). (c) Public Offering of the Notes . The Representatives hereby advise the Company that the Underwriters intend to offer for sale to the public, as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, their respective portions of the Notes as soon after the Execution Time as the Representatives, in their sole judgment, have determined is advisable and practicable. (d) Payment for the Notes . Payment for the Notes shall be made at the Closing Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the order of the Company. It is understood that the Representatives have been authorized, for their own accounts and for the accounts of the several Underwriters, to accept delivery of and receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Notes that the Underwriters have agreed to purchase. The Representatives may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment for any Notes to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds shall not have been received by the Representatives by the Closing Date for the account of such Underwriter, but any such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from any of its obligations under this Agreement. (e) Delivery of the [COMPANY] shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Representatives for the accounts of the several Underwriters the Notes at the Closing Date, against the irrevocable release of a wire transfer of immediately available funds for the amount of the purchase price therefor. The Notes shall be issued in book-entry only form and shall be represented by one or more global certificates in such denominations and registered in such names and denominations as the Representatives shall have requested at least two full business days prior to the Closing Date and shall be made available for inspection on the business day preceding the Closing Date at a location in New York City as the Representatives may designate. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further condition to the obligations of the Underwriters. Section 3. Covenants of the Company . [COMPANY] covenants and agrees with each Underwriter as follows: (a) Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests . [COMPANY] will promptly notify the Representatives, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the effectiveness during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below) of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission during the Prospectus Delivery Period, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or for additional information, and (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing, suspending or objecting to the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Notes for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes. [COMPANY] will promptly effect the filings necessary pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 under the Securities Act was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such document. [COMPANY] will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. (b) Filing of Amendments . During such period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending on the later of the Closing Date or such date as, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus is no longer required by law to be delivered in connection with sales of the Notes by an Underwriter or dealer, including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act (the “Prospectus Delivery Period”), the Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement (including any filing under Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act), or any amendment, supplement or revision to the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 9 Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. (c) Delivery of Registration Statements . [COMPANY] will deliver, upon request, to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T. (d) Delivery of Prospectuses . [COMPANY] will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of the Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the [COMPANY] will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T. (e) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws . [COMPANY] will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Notes as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at the Initial Sale Time or at the time it is delivered or conveyed to a purchaser, not misleading, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of either such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of any law, the Company will (1) notify the Representatives of any such event, development or condition and (2) promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such law, and the Company will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. (f) Blue Sky Compliance . [COMPANY] shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters to qualify or register the Notes for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws of those jurisdictions designated by the Representatives, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the [COMPANY] shall not be required to qualify to transact business or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign business. [COMPANY] will advise the Representatives promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Notes for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment. (g) Use of Proceeds . [COMPANY] shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes sold by it in the manner described under the caption “Use of Proceeds” in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. (h) [COMPANY] will cooperate with the Underwriters and use its reasonable best efforts to permit the Notes to be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of the Depositary. 10 (i) Periodic Reporting Obligations . During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the Commission all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act. (j) Agreement Not to Offer or Sell Additional Securities . During the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the Closing Date, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Representatives), offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any debt securities of or guaranteed by the Company which are substantially similar to the Notes. (k) Final Term Sheet . [COMPANY] will prepare a final term sheet, in a form approved by the Representatives and included in Exhibit A to Schedule II to this Agreement, and will file such term sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act within the time required by such rule (such term sheet, the “Final Term Sheet”). Any such Final Term Sheet is an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement. (l) Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses . [COMPANY] represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representatives, it will not make, any offer relating to the Notes that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a “free writing prospectus” (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 under the Securities Act; provided that the prior written consent of the Representatives shall be deemed to have been given in respect of any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses included in Schedule II to this Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to or deemed to be consented to by the Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a “Permitted Free Writing Prospectus.” [COMPANY] agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. [COMPANY] consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an “issuer free writing prospectus” as defined in Rule 433, and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Notes or their offering, (ii) information permitted by Rule 134 under the Securities Act or (iii) information that describes the final terms of the Notes or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet of the Company contemplated in Section 3(k). (m) No Manipulation of Price . [COMPANY] will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Notes. (n) Registration Statement Renewal Deadline . If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the “Renewal Deadline”) of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Notes remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Notes, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. If the Company is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Notes, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 180 days after the [COMPANY] will take all other action reasonably necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Notes. References herein to the “Registration Statement” shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be. (o) Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form . If at any time when Notes remain unsold by the Underwriters the Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the Representatives, (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Notes, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement or post-effective amendment 11 to be declared effective as promptly as practicable and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such effectiveness. [COMPANY] will take all other action reasonably necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible to use the automatic shelf registration form. References herein to the “Registration Statement” shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. (p) Filing Fees . [COMPANY] agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Notes within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the Securities Act and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the Securities Act. (q) Rule 158 . [COMPANY] will timely file such reports pursuant to the Exchange Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its respective security holders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act. The Representatives, on behalf of the several Underwriters, may, in their sole discretion, waive in writing the performance by the Company of any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance. Section 4. Payment of Expenses . (a) [COMPANY] agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Notes (including all printing and engraving costs), (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, (iii) all fees and expenses of the Company’s counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and the Operative Instruments, (v) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Notes in accordance with Section 3(f) hereof for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws, and, if requested by the Representatives, preparing a “Blue Sky Survey” or memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Underwriters of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions, (vi) the fees and expenses of the Trustee, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of any counsel to such parties in connection with the Indenture and the Notes, (vii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Notes with the ratings agencies, (viii) all fees and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with approval of the Notes by the Depositary for “book-entry” transfer, (ix) all expenses incurred by the Company in connection with any “road show” presentation to potential investors, including travel expenses, (x) all other fees, costs and expenses referred to in Item 14 of Part II of the Registration Statement, and (xi) all other fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder for which provision is not otherwise made in this Section. Except as provided in this Section 4 and Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof, the Underwriters shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their counsel. Section 5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters . The obligations of the several Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Notes as provided herein on the Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as though then made and to the timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions: (a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement . The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act and on the Closing Date no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional 12 information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (or any required post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed and declared effective in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430B under the Securities Act). [COMPANY] has not received any notice from the Commission pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement. (b) Accountant’s Comfort Letter . On the date hereof, the Representatives shall have received from Deloitte & [COMPANY], an independent registered public accounting firm for the Company, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives with respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. (c) Bring-down Comfort Letter . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received from Deloitte & [COMPANY], an independent registered public accounting firm for the Company, a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished by them pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than three business days prior to the Closing Date. (d) No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change . For the period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date: (i) in the judgment of the Representatives there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; and (ii) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62)of the Exchange Act. (e) Opinion of Counsel for the Company . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the opinion of John Saia, Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, in the form agreed upon by the parties hereto. (f) Opinion of Counsel (including Negative Assurance Statements) for the Company . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the opinion (including the appropriate negative assurance statements) of Morrison & [COMPANY], special counsel for the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, in the form agreed upon by the parties hereto. (g) Opinion of Counsel (including Negative Assurance Statements) for the Underwriters . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion (including the appropriate negative assurance statements) of [COMPANY] , counsel for the Underwriters, dated as of such Closing Date, with respect to such matters as may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters. (h) Officers’ Certificate . On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a written certificate executed by the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer or the Treasurer of the Company and the [COMPANY] Officer or Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, to the effect that: (i) the Company has received no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any order suspending or preventing the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of such officers, threatened by the Commission; 13 (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made on and as of such Closing Date; and (iii) the Company has complied with all the agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to such Closing Date. (i) Additional Documents . On or before the Closing Date, the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters shall have received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Notes as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained. If any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 17 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. Section 6. Reimbursement of Underwriters’ Expenses . If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives pursuant to Section 5, 10 or 11, or if the sale to the Underwriters of the Notes on the Closing Date is not consummated because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to comply with any provision hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Representatives and the other Underwriters (or such Underwriters as have terminated this Agreement with respect to themselves), severally, upon demand for all out-of-pocket expenses (including but not limited to fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges) that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Representatives and the Underwriters in connection with the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Notes. Section 7. Effectiveness of this Agreement . This Agreement shall not become effective until the execution of this Agreement by the parties hereto. Section 8. Indemnification. (a) Indemnification of the Underwriters . [COMPANY] agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which such Underwriter or such director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and to reimburse each Underwriter and each such director, officer, employee, agent and controlling person for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by such Underwriter or such director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however , that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have. 14 (b) Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers . Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Company or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of such Underwriter), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person for any legal and other expense reasonably incurred by the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. [COMPANY] hereby acknowledges that the only information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the third paragraph concerning the terms of the offering by the Underwriters, the third sentence of the seventh paragraph regarding market making by the Underwriters, and the eighth paragraph concerning short sales, stabilizing transactions and purchases to cover short positions created by the Underwriters, in each case, under the caption “Underwriting” in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that each Underwriter may otherwise have. (c) Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures . Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party for contribution or otherwise than under the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 8 or to the extent it is not prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, such indemnified party shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party, unless: (i) the employment of such counsel has been specifically authorized in writing by the indemnifying party; (ii) the indemnifying party has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; or (iii) the named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or any affiliate of the indemnifying party, and such indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that either (x) there may be one or more legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party or (y) a conflict may exist between such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of 15 more than one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to a single firm of local counsel) for all such indemnified parties, which firm shall be designated in writing by the Representatives and that all such reasonable fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred). Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying party’s election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding sentence, in which case the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party. (d) Settlements . The indemnifying party under this Section 8 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 8(c) hereof, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party. Section 9. Contribution . If the indemnification provided for in Section 8 is for any reason held to be unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the front cover page of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of the Notes as set forth on such cover. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties’ relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8(c), any reasonable legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. [COMPANY] and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 9 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 9. 16 Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting commissions received by such Underwriter in connection with the Notes underwritten by it and distributed to the public. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters’ obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 9 are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective underwriting commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule I. For purposes of this Section 9, each director, officer, employee and agent of an Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. Section 10. Default of One or More of the Several Underwriters . If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the several Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Notes that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, and the aggregate principal amount of Notes, which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be purchased on such date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in the proportion to the aggregate principal amounts of such Notes set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule I bears to the aggregate principal amount of such Notes set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Underwriters, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Representatives with the consent of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase such Notes which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase on such date. If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase such Notes and the aggregate principal amount of such Notes with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives and the Company for the purchase of such Notes are not made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 17 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. In any such case, either the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date, but in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if any, to the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any other documents or arrangements may be effected. As used in this Agreement, the term “Underwriter” shall be deemed to include any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this Section 10. Any action taken under this Section 10 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement. Section 11. Termination of this Agreement . Prior to the Closing Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice given to the Company if at any time (i) trading or quotation in any of the Company’s securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or the The New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”), or trading in securities generally on either the Nasdaq Stock Market or the NYSE shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such stock exchanges by the Commission or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of United States federal, New York state, or European Union authorities; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity involving the United States or a member of the European Union, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States’ or international political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the Representatives is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to market the Notes in the manner and on the terms described in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities; (iv) in the judgment of the Representatives there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change; or (v) there shall have occurred a material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services. Any termination pursuant to this Section 11 shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Sections 4 and 6 hereof, and provided further that Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 17 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. 17 Section 12. No Fiduciary Duty . [COMPANY] acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Notes and any related discounts and commissions, is an arm’s-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) in connection with each transaction contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary of the Company or its affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other party; (iii) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the several Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and the several Underwriters have no obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the several Underwriters with respect to the subject matter hereof. [COMPANY] hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the several Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty. Section 13. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery . The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement (i) will remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any (A) investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the officers or employees of any Underwriter, or any person controlling the Underwriter, the Company, the officers or employees of the Company, or any person controlling the Company, as the case may be or (B) acceptance of the Notes and payment for them hereunder and (ii) will survive delivery of and payment for the Notes sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. Section 14. Notices . All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered or telecopied and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows: If to the Representatives: Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY] 200 West Street New York, New York 10282-2198 United States of America Attention: [COMPANY] 383 Madison Avenue, 3rd Floor New York, New York 10179 United States of America Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk Telephone: (212) 834-4533 Facsimile: (212) 834-6081 and 18 Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & [COMPANY] Bank of America Tower 50 Rockefeller Plaza NY1-050-12-01 New York, New York 10020 United States of America Attention: [COMPANY]/Legal Telephone: (646) 855-0724 Facsimile: (212)-901-7881 HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York, New York 10018 Attention: [COMPANY] Telephone: (212) 525-3652 Facsimile: (212) 525-0238 Email: dcm.americas.tmg@us.hsbc.com and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 Attention: [COMPANY] Facsimile: (704) 410-0326 [COMPANY] 787 Seventh Avenue New York, NY 10019 Facsimile: (212) 839-5599 Attention: Samir A. Gandhi/Robert A. Ryan If to the Company: Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Facsimile: (415) 983-8826 Attention: General Counsel with a copy to: Morrison & [COMPANY] 2000 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 6000 Washington, DC 20006 Facsimile: (202) 785-7530 Attention: Scott Lesmes Any party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. Section 15. Successors . This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 10 hereof, and to the benefit of the directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents and controlling persons referred to in Sections 8 and 9, and in each case their respective successors, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term “successors” shall not include any purchaser of the Notes as such from any of the Underwriters merely by reason of such purchase. 19 Section 16. Partial Unenforceability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. Section 17. Governing Law Provisions . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THAT STATE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. Section 18. Research Analyst Independence . [COMPANY] acknowledges that the Underwriters’ research analysts and research departments are required to be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and that such Underwriters’ research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company, its subsidiaries and/or the offering of the Notes that differ from the views of their respective investment banking divisions. [COMPANY] hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by such Underwriters’ investment banking divisions. [COMPANY] acknowledges that each of the Underwriters is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in debt or equity securities of the companies that may be the subject of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Section 19. General Provisions . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it is a sophisticated business person who was adequately represented by counsel during negotiations regarding the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification provisions of Section 8 and the contribution provisions of Section 9, and is fully informed regarding said provisions. Each of the parties hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Sections 8 and 9 hereto fairly allocate the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs and its business in order to assure that adequate disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements thereto), as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L, 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their clients, which may include the name and address of their clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their clients. 20 If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing in the space provided below. Very truly yours, Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Brian P. Moore Name: Brian P. Moore Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer Signature Page to the Underwriting Agreement (USD Notes) The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Representatives as of the date first above written. GOLDMAN SACHS & [COMPANY] By: /s/ Adam Greene Name: Adam Greene Title: [COMPANY] By: /s/ Som Bhattacharyya Name: Som Bhattacharyya Title: Executive Director MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED By: /s/ Laurie Campbell Name: Laurie Campbell Title: Managing Director HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC. By: /s/ Diane Kenna Name: Diane Kenna Title: Managing Director WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC By: /s/ Carolyn Hurley Name: Carolyn Hurley Title: Director Signature Page to the Underwriting Agreement (USD Notes) SCHEDULE I Underwriter Principal Amount of Notes to be Purchased Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY] $ 105,000,000 [COMPANY] $ 90,000,000 Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & [COMPANY] $ 90,000,000 HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. $ 90,000,000 Wells Fargo Securities, LLC $ 90,000,000 [COMPANY]. $ 12,000,000 [COMPANY]. $ 12,000,000 [COMPANY]. $ 12,000,000 [COMPANY]. $ 9,000,000 [COMPANY]. $ 9,000,000 [COMPANY] $ 9,000,000 [COMPANY] (USA) Inc. $ 9,000,000 TD Securities (USA) LLC $ 9,000,000 [COMPANY], Inc. $ 9,000,000 Rabo Securities USA, Inc. $ 8,250,000 [COMPANY] $ 8,250,000 [COMPANY], L.P. $ 8,250,000 [COMPANY] $ 8,250,000 DNB Markets, Inc. $ 6,000,000 [COMPANY]. $ 6,000,000 Total $ 600,000,000 23 SCHEDULE II (a) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses: (1) Pricing Term Sheet dated February 7, 2018, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A to this Schedule II. (b) [COMPANY] by Reference: None. 24 Exhibit A to Schedule II Form of [COMPANY] 3.950% Notes due 2028 Issuer: Apex Health Distribution Title: 3.950% Notes due 2028 Size: $600,000,000 Maturity Date: February 16, 2028 Interest Payment Dates: February 16 and August 16 of each year, commencing August 16, 2018 Coupon: 3.950% per year Benchmark Treasury: UST 2.250% due November 15, 2027 Benchmark Treasury Yield: 2.828% Spread to Benchmark Treasury: +112.5 bps Yield to Maturity: 3.953% Price to Public: 99.975% Redemption: Make-Whole: Treasury Bond Rate +20 bps Par Call: Beginning November 16, 2027 at par CUSIP: 581557 BJ3 ISIN: US581557BJ38 Trade Date: February 7, 2018 Settlement Date: February 16, 2018 (T+7) Global Coordinator: Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY] Joint Book-Running Managers: [COMPANY] Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & [COMPANY] HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Senior Co-Managers: [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. 25 Co-Managers: [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] [COMPANY] (USA) Inc. TD Securities (USA) [COMPANY], Inc. Rabo Securities USA, [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY] DNB Markets, [COMPANY]. The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling Goldman Sachs & [COMPANY] toll-free at 1-866-471-2526, [COMPANY] collect at 1-212-834-4533, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & [COMPANY] toll-free at 1-800-294-1322, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. toll-free at 1-866-811-8049 and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll-free at 1-800-645-3751. No PRIIPs KID - No PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in the EEA. The communication of this pricing term sheet and any other document or materials relating to the issue of the Notes offered hereby is not being made, and such documents and/or materials have not been approved, by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the United Kingdom’s [COMPANY] and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”). Accordingly, such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to those persons in the United Kingdom who have professional experience in matters relating to investments and who fall within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the [COMPANY] and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the “Financial Promotion Order”)), or who fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order, or who are any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). In the United Kingdom, the Notes offered hereby are only available to, and any investment or investment activity to which this pricing term sheet relates will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this pricing term sheet or any of its contents. This pricing term sheet supplements the preliminary prospectus supplement dated February 7, 2018 and prospectus dated January 27, 2017. 26