8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 28, 2014 Apex Health Distribution (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1-13252 87-3207296 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (620) 555-8300 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On February 28, 2014, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”), upon recommendation of the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance, elected N. Anthony Coles, M.D., as a new director, effective April 29, 2014. [EXECUTIVE]’ term as a director will expire at the Company’s 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders unless he is renominated as a director, and elected by stockholders at the annual meeting in accordance with the Company’s majority voting standard. The size of the Board was increased from nine to ten members in connection with [EXECUTIVE]’ election. [EXECUTIVE] was President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of [COMPANY], Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from 2012 until 2013, having served as its President and Chief Executive Officer, and a member of its board of directors, from 2008 until 2012. From 2005 to 2008, [EXECUTIVE] served as an executive and a director of [COMPANY], Inc., a public biopharmaceutical company (“NPS”). [EXECUTIVE] began his tenure at NPS as President and Chief Operating Officer and ended his tenure there as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to 2005, [EXECUTIVE] served in various leadership positions in the biopharmaceutical and pharmaceutical industries, including at Merck & Co., Inc., [COMPANY] and [COMPANY]. The Board has appointed [EXECUTIVE] as a member of the Compensation Committee and the Finance Committee. The Board has also determined that [EXECUTIVE] is independent and meets the applicable director independence requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and the Company’s director independence standards, as adopted by the Board. There was no arrangement or understanding between [EXECUTIVE] and any other persons pursuant to which he was selected as a director, and there are no related party transactions between [EXECUTIVE] and the Company. Contemporaneously with his election, [EXECUTIVE] executed the Company’s standard form of Indemnification Agreement, which provides for indemnification of the indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. [EXECUTIVE] will receive compensation for his service on the Board in accordance with the Company’s standard compensatory arrangement for non-employee directors. A description of the Company’s non-employee director compensation can be found under the caption “Director Compensation” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) on June 21, 2013. [EXECUTIVE]’ compensation as a non-employee director will be prorated to reflect the remainder of the Company’s annual non-employee director compensation program. Accordingly, subject to the terms and conditions of the Company’s 2013 Stock Plan, [EXECUTIVE] will be granted restricted stock units (“RSUs”) in an amount representing a prorated portion of the annual equity award that was previously granted to non-employee directors. The effective date of the grant will be May 6, 2014, or such other date on which the window period opens for trading in the Company’s securities following the public release of the Company’s earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014. The grant date value of the RSUs will be $37,500, and the number of RSUs granted to [EXECUTIVE] will be determined by dividing $37,500 by the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the grant date. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On March 5, 2014, the Company issued a press release announcing the election of [EXECUTIVE] to the Board. A copy of the Company’s press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. The information contained in this item, including Exhibit 99.1, is furnished to the Commission, but shall not be deemed “filed” with the Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by the Company dated March 5, 2014. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: March 5, 2014 Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Laureen E. Seeger Laureen E. Seeger Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by the Company dated March 5, 2014.
EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 Apex Health Distribution Board of Directors Elects N. Anthony Coles as New Independent Director SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., March 5, 2014 – As a next step in a series of corporate governance modifications, Apex Health Distribution (NYSE: APHD) today announced that its Board of Directors has elected N. Anthony Coles, M.D., as a new independent director, effective April 29, 2014. In connection with [EXECUTIVE]’ election, the size of the Board of Directors was increased from nine to ten members, nine of whom are independent. “With over 20 years of experience in the biopharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical industries, including several public company leadership positions, Tony will provide unique perspectives that will further diversify the expertise of our Board,” said William Harrington, chairman and chief executive officer, Apex Health Distribution. “We are committed to maintaining the best possible leadership team to continue guiding our strong financial performance. The addition of Tony to our Board represents a continuation of initiatives already under way to address shareholder feedback and maintain industry-leading governance practices.” The Board has appointed [EXECUTIVE] as a member of its Compensation Committee and its Finance Committee. [EXECUTIVE]’ term as a director will expire at the Company’s 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders unless he is renominated as a director, and elected by stockholders at the annual meeting in accordance with Apex Health Distribution’s majority voting standard. N. Anthony Coles, M.D. [EXECUTIVE], 53, was President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of [COMPANY], Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from 2012 until 2013, having served as its President and Chief Executive Officer, and a member of its board of directors, from 2008 until 2012. From 2005 to 2008, [EXECUTIVE] served as an executive and a director of [COMPANY], Inc., a public biopharmaceutical company (“NPS”). [EXECUTIVE] began his tenure at NPS as President and Chief Operating Officer and ended his tenure there as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to 2005, [EXECUTIVE] served in various leadership positions in the biopharmaceutical and pharmaceutical industries, including at Merck & Co., Inc., [COMPANY] and [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution, currently ranked 14th on the FORTUNE 500, is a healthcare services and information technology company dedicated to making the business of healthcare run better. Apex Health Distribution partners with payers, hospitals, physician offices, pharmacies, pharmaceutical companies and others across the spectrum of care to build healthier organizations that deliver better care to patients in every setting. Apex Health Distribution helps its customers improve their financial, operational, and clinical performance with solutions that include pharmaceutical and medical-surgical supply management, healthcare information technology, and business and clinical services. For more information, visit www.apexhealthdist.com . Contact: Investors and [COMPANY]: Erin Lampert, +1 415-983-8391 Erin.Lampert@Apex Health Distribution.com General and [COMPANY]: Kris Fortner, +1 415-983-8352 Kris.Fortner@Apex Health Distribution.com