8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 25, 2018 Apex Health Distribution (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1-13252 87-3207296 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (620) 555-8300 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On July 31, 2018, Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) announced that it has appointed James Cortland as its President and Chief Operating Officer, effective August 2, 2018. [EXECUTIVE], age 51, is currently Chairman of the Management Board of [COMPANY] and has served in that role since 2017. [EXECUTIVE] served as the Company’s President and Chief Operating Officer of Apex Health Distribution Europe from 2016 to 2017, the Company’s President of [COMPANY] and Services from 2015 to 2016, and as the Company’s Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy & Business Development from 2012 to 2015. [EXECUTIVE] previously served in various other leadership roles in the Company, including as President of U.S. Pharmaceutical, President of Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical, and President of Apex Health Distribution Specialty Health. [EXECUTIVE] earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics with high honors from the University of California at Santa Cruz. He earned his Ph.D. and Master of Arts degrees from the University of Chicago, Department of Economics. In connection with [EXECUTIVE]’s appointment, the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors approved changes to his compensation, all of which are effective August 2, 2018. [EXECUTIVE]’s annual base salary will be increased to $1,000,000, his target annual bonus opportunity under the Management Incentive Plan will be increased to 125% of his salary earned during the performance period, and his target award under the Company’s cash Long-Term Incentive Plan will be increased to $800,000. In addition, the Compensation Committee approved awards under the Company’s 2013 Stock Plan, consisting of a performance stock unit target award of $500,000 for the fiscal year (“FY”) 2019 – FY 2021 performance period, and an option to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock having a grant date value of $300,000. As an executive officer, [EXECUTIVE] will be eligible for an annual executive physical, participation in the Severance Policy for Executive Employees, as amended and restated on April 23, 2013, and Tier One participation in the Change in Control Policy for Selected Executive Employees, as amended and restated on October 26, 2010. In addition, he will continue to be eligible to participate in the Company’s general benefit plans and certain executive benefits for which he was already eligible as a member of the Company’s senior management, such as financial counseling services and executive travel services. For more information about the Company’s executive compensation program, including a description of each plan identified above, please refer to the 2018 annual proxy statement that was filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 15, 2018. [EXECUTIVE] has no familial relationships or related party transactions with the Company that would require disclosure under Items 401(d) or 404(a) of Regulation S-K in connection with his appointment described above. Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. On July 25, 2018, the Board of Directors approved amendments to the Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, to be effective August 2, 2018, in order (a) to reflect that the Chief Executive Officer and President may be separate persons, (b) to clarify which officers may call a special meeting of stockholders, and (c) to clarify the roles and authority of the Chief Executive Officer and the President. The above summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the amended provisions, which are contained in the Amended and Restated By-Laws attached as Exhibit 3.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein. Item 8.01 [COMPANY] also announced today that Nick Loporcaro, president of Apex Health Distribution U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Health, has decided to leave the Company to pursue other opportunities. [EXECUTIVE] will lead these businesses directly until [EXECUTIVE]’s replacement has been named. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, as amended August 2, 2018. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: July 31, 2018 Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Lori A. Schechter Lori A. Schechter Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer
EX-3.2 Exhibit 3.2 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS of Apex Health Distribution a Delaware corporation as amended August 2, 2018 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I Offices 3 Section 1. Registered Office 3 Section 2. Other Offices 3 ARTICLE II Stockholders’ Meetings 3 Section 1. Place of Meetings 3 Section 2. Annual Meetings 3 Section 3. Special Meetings 3 Section 4. Notice of Meetings 7 Section 5. Quorum 7 Section 6. Voting Rights 8 Section 7. Voting Procedures and Inspectors of Elections 9 Section 8. List of Stockholders 9 Section 9. Stockholder Proposals at Annual Meetings 10 Section 10. Nominations of Persons for Election to the Board of Directors 11 Section 11. Proxy Access 14 ARTICLE III Directors 19 Section 1. General Powers 19 Section 2. Number and Term of Office; Removal 19 Section 3. Election of Directors 19 Section 4. Vacancies 20 Section 5. Resignations 20 Section 6. Annual Meetings 20 Section 7. Regular Meetings 21 Section 8. Special Meetings; Notice 21 Section 9. Quorum and Manner of Acting 21 Section 10. Consent in Writing 21 Section 11. Committees 21 Section 12. Telephone Meetings 22 Section 13. Compensation 23 Section 14. Interested Directors 23 Section 15. Directors Elected by Special Class or Series 23 ARTICLE IV Officers 23 Section 1. Designation of Officers 23 Section 2. Term of Office; Resignation; Removal 24 Section 3. Vacancies 24 Section 4. Authority of Officers 24 Section 5. Divisional Titles 24 Section 6. Salaries 24 i ARTICLE V Execution of Corporate Instruments And Voting of Securities Owned By the Corporation 25 Section 1. Execution of Instruments 25 Section 2. Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation 25 ARTICLE VI Shares of Stock and Other Securities 25 Section 1. Form and Execution of Certificates 25 Section 2. Lost Certificates 26 Section 3. Transfers 26 Section 4. Fixing Record Dates 26 Section 5. Registered Stockholders 26 Section 6. Regulations 26 Section 7. Other Securities of the Corporation 27 ARTICLE VII Corporate Seal 27 ARTICLE VIII Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents 27 Section 1. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings Other Than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation 27 Section 2. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation 28 Section 3. Authorization of Indemnification 28 Section 4. Good Faith Defined 28 Section 5. Indemnification by a Court 29 Section 6. Expenses Payable in Advance 29 Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 29 Section 8. Insurance 29 Section 9. Certain Definitions 30 Section 10. Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 30 Section 11. Limitation on Indemnification 30 Section 12. Indemnification of Employees and Agents 30 Section 13. Effect of Amendment 30 Section 14. Authority to Enter into Indemnification Agreements 30 ARTICLE IX Notices 31 ARTICLE X Amendments 31 ii AMENDED [COMPANY] a Delaware corporation ARTICLE I OFFICES Section 1. Registered Office . The address of the registered office of Corporation within the State of Delaware is 2711 Centerville Road, City of Wilmington, 19808, County of New Castle. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such address is [COMPANY] System, Inc. Section 2. Other Offices . [COMPANY] shall also have and maintain an office or principal place of business at One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, Midland, Kansas and may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. ARTICLE II Stockholders’ Meetings Section 1. Place of Meetings . Meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, or, if not so designated, then at the office of the Corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section 2 of ARTICLE I hereof. Section 2. Annual Meetings . Each annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business as may lawfully come before the stockholders at such meeting, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, or, if not so designated, then at 10:00 a.m. on the last Wednesday in July in each year if not a legal holiday, and, if a legal holiday, at the same hour and place on the next succeeding day not a holiday. Section 3. Special Meetings . (a) Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called, for any purpose or purposes, by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors at any time. Stockholders’ ability to cause a special meeting to be held is described in Section 3(b) below. (b) Subject to the provisions of this Section 3(b) and all other applicable sections of these By-Laws, a special meeting of stockholders shall be called by the Secretary of the Corporation upon written request (a “Special Meeting Request”) of one or more persons who or which Net Long Beneficially Own(s) not less than 25% of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation (the “Requisite Percentage”) as of the time of such request and has or have had continuous Net Long Beneficial Ownership of at least the Requisite Percentage for a minimum of one full year prior to the date of submission of the Special Meeting Request. 3 (i) A Special Meeting Request must be delivered by hand or by registered U.S. mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or courier service, postage prepaid, to the attention of the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. A Special Meeting Request shall be valid only if it is signed and dated by each stockholder of record submitting the Special Meeting Request and each beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is being made, or such stockholder’s or beneficial owner’s duly authorized agent (each, a “Requesting Stockholder”), and includes (A) a statement of the specific purpose(s) of the special meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the special meeting; (B) in the case of any director nominations proposed to be presented at the special meeting, the information required by Section 10(c) of this Article II; (C) in the case of any matter (other than a director nomination) proposed to be conducted at the special meeting, the information required by Section 9(c) of this Article II; (D) a representation that each Requesting Stockholder, or one or more representatives of each such stockholder, intends to appear in person or by proxy at the special meeting to present the proposal(s) or business to be brought before the special meeting; (E) an agreement by the Requesting Stockholders to notify the Corporation promptly in the event of (1) any disposition prior to the time of the special meeting of any shares included within any Requesting Stockholder’s Net Long Beneficial Ownership as of the date on which the Special Meeting Request was delivered to the Secretary and (2) any material change prior to the time of the special meeting in any Requesting Stockholder’s Net Long Beneficial Ownership; (F) an acknowledgement that prior to the special meeting any disposition of shares of the Corporation’s common stock included within any Requesting Stockholder’s Net Long Beneficial Ownership as of the date on which the Special Meeting Request was delivered to the Secretary shall be deemed to be a revocation of such Special Meeting Request with respect to such disposed shares and that any decrease in the Requesting Stockholders’ aggregate Net Long Beneficial Ownership to less than the Requisite Percentage shall be deemed to be an absolute revocation of such Special Meeting Request; and (G) documentary evidence that the Requesting Stockholders had Net Long Beneficial Ownership of the Requisite Percentage as of the date of delivery of the Special Meeting Request to the Secretary and for a minimum of one full year prior to the date of such delivery; provided, however, that if any of the Requesting Stockholders are not the beneficial owners of the shares representing the Requisite Percentage, then to be valid, the Special Meeting Request must also include documentary evidence (or, if not simultaneously provided with the Special Meeting Request, such documentary evidence must be delivered to the Secretary within ten days after the date of delivery of the Special Meeting Request to the Secretary) that the beneficial owners on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is made had, together with any Requesting Stockholders who are beneficial owners, Net Long Beneficial Ownership of the Requisite Percentage as of the date of delivery of such Special Meeting Request to the Secretary and for a minimum of one full year prior to the date of such delivery. In addition, the Requesting Stockholders on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is being made shall (x) further update and supplement the information provided in the Special Meeting Request, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided therein shall be true and correct as of the record date for the special meeting and as of the date that is ten business days prior to the date of the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, or, if there are fewer than ten business days between the date of the special meeting and such adjourned or postponed meeting, then as of the date of the special meeting so adjourned or postponed, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for notice of and voting at the special meeting (in the case of an update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and not later than eight business days prior to the date of the special meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the special meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of an update and supplement required to be made as of ten business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof) and (y) promptly provide any other information reasonably requested by the Corporation. 4 (ii) A Special Meeting Request shall not be valid, and a special meeting requested by stockholders shall not be held, if (A) the Special Meeting Request does not comply with this Section 3(b); (B) the Special Meeting Request relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for stockholder action under applicable law; (C) the Special Meeting Request is delivered during the period commencing 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders and ending on the earlier of (x) the date of the next annual meeting or (y) 30 days after the first anniversary of the date of the previous annual meeting; (D) an identical or substantially similar item (as determined in good faith by the Board, a “Similar Item”), other than the election of directors, (1) was presented at an annual or special meeting of stockholders held not more than 12 months before delivery of the Special Meeting Request or (2) is included in the Corporation’s notice of meeting as an item of business to be brought before an annual or special meeting of stockholders that has been called but not yet held or that is called for a date within 120 days of the receipt by the Corporation of a Special Meeting Request; (E) a proposed item of business involves the election or removal of directors, changing the size of the Board of Directors, the filling of vacancies and/or newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any similar matter (as determined in good faith by the Board, an “Election Item”) and any Election Item (1) was presented at an annual or special meeting of stockholders held not more than 120 days before delivery of the Special Meeting Request or (2) is included in the Corporation’s notice of meeting as an item of business to be brought before an annual or special meeting of stockholders that has been called but not yet held or that is called for a date within 120 days of the receipt by the Corporation of a Special Meeting Request ; or (F) the Special Meeting Request was made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or other applicable law. (iii) Special meetings of stockholders called pursuant to this Section 3(b) shall be held at such place, on such date, and at such time as the Board of Directors shall fix; provided, however, that the special meeting shall not be held more than 120 days after receipt by the Corporation of a valid Special Meeting Request. (iv) The Requesting Stockholders may revoke a Special Meeting Request by written revocation delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation at any time prior to the special meeting. If, following such revocation (or any deemed revocation pursuant to clause (F) of Section 3(b)(i)), there are unrevoked requests from Requesting Stockholders holding in the aggregate less than the Requisite Percentage (or there are no unrevoked requests at all), the Board, in its discretion, may cancel the special meeting. 5 (v) If none of the Requesting Stockholders appears or sends a duly authorized agent to present the business specified in the Special Meeting Request to be presented for consideration, the Corporation need not present such business for a vote at the special meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such business may have been received by the Corporation. (vi) Business transacted at any special meeting called pursuant to this Section 3(b) shall be limited to (A) the purpose(s) stated in a valid Special Meeting Request received from the Requesting Stockholders holding in the aggregate the Requisite Percentage and (B) any additional matters that the Board determines to include in the Corporation’s notice of the special meeting. (vii) For the purposes of this Section 3(b), the following definitions shall apply: An “Affiliate” of a person shall mean another person that, directly or indirectly through one of more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such person. An “Associate” of a person shall mean (i) any corporation or organization (other than a majority-owned subsidiary of such person) of which such person is an officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of ten percent or more of any class of equity securities; (ii) any trust or other estate in which such person has a substantial beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (iii) any relative or spouse of such person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same home as such person or who is a director or officer of the Corporation or any of its parents or subsidiaries. “Net Long Beneficial Ownership” (and its correlative terms), when used to describe the nature of a person’s ownership of common stock of the Corporation, shall mean the shares of stock of the Corporation that such person or, if such person is a nominee, custodian or other agent that is holding the shares on behalf of another person (the “beneficial owner”), that such beneficial owner would then be deemed to own pursuant to Rule 200(b) under the Exchange Act (as such Rule is in effect on the date on which the By-Laws are first amended to include this Section 3(b)), excluding, at any time, any shares as to which such stockholder or beneficial owner, as the case may be, does not then have the right to vote or direct the vote and excluding, at any time, any shares as to which such person or beneficial owner (or any Affiliate or Associate of such person or beneficial owner), as the case may be, had directly or indirectly entered into (or caused to be entered into) and not yet terminated a derivative or other agreement, arrangement or understanding that hedges or transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, any of the economic consequences of ownership of such shares, and further subtracting from any person’s ownership of shares at any time such person’s (and such person’s Affiliates’ and Associates’) “short position” (as defined pursuant to Rule 14e-4(a) under the Exchange Act) (as such Rule is in effect on the date on which the By-Laws are first amended to include this Section 3(b)), all as the Board of Directors shall determine in good faith. The Board of Directors shall determine in good faith whether all requirements set forth in this Section 3(b) have been satisfied and such determination shall be binding on the Corporation and its stockholders. 6 Section 4. Notice of Meetings. (a) Except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, written notice of each meeting of stockholders, specifying the place, date and hour and purpose or purposes of the meeting, shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat, directed to such stockholder’s address as it appears upon the books of the Corporation; except that where the matter to be acted on is a merger or consolidation of the Corporation or a sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of its assets, such notice shall be given not less than 20 nor more than 60 days prior to such meeting. Such notice may be given in any form or manner permitted by the [COMPANY] Law, including Section 232 thereof relating to notice by electronic transmission. (b) If at any meeting action is proposed to be taken which, if taken, would entitle stockholders fulfilling the requirements of Section 262(d) of the [COMPANY] Law to an appraisal of the fair value of their shares, the notice of such meeting shall contain a statement to that effect and shall be accompanied by a copy of that statutory section. (c) When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken unless the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or unless after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, in which event a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. (d) Notice of the time, place and purpose of any meeting of stockholders may be waived in writing, either before or after such meeting, and to the extent permitted by law, will be waived by any stockholder by such stockholder’s attendance thereat, in person or by proxy. Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given. (e) Unless and until voted, every proxy shall be revocable at the pleasure of the person who executed it or of such person’s legal representatives or assigns, except in those cases where an irrevocable proxy permitted by statute has been given. Section 5. Quorum . At all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these By-Laws, the presence, in person or by proxy duly authorized, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Shares, the voting of which at such meeting has been enjoined, or which for any reason cannot be lawfully voted at such meeting, shall not be counted to determine a quorum at such meeting. In the absence of a quorum any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned, from time to time, by vote of the holders of a majority of the shares represented thereat, but no other business shall be transacted at such meeting. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. The stockholders present at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a quorum is present, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the affirmative vote of the majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. In the event that at any meeting at which the holders of more than one class or series of the Corporation’s capital stock are entitled to vote as a class, a quorum of any such class or series is lacking, the holders of any class or series represented by a quorum may proceed with the transaction of the business to be transacted by such class or series, and if such business is the election of directors, the directors whose successors shall not have been elected shall continue in office until their successors shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified. 7 Section 6. Voting Rights. (a) Except as otherwise provided by law, only persons in whose names shares entitled to vote stand on the stock records of the Corporation on the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting shall be entitled to vote at such meeting. Shares standing in the names of two or more persons shall be voted or represented in accordance with the determination of the majority of such persons, or, if only one of such persons is present in person or represented by proxy, such person shall have the right to vote such shares and such shares shall be deemed to be represented for the purpose of determining a quorum. (b) Every person entitled to vote or execute consents shall have the right to do so either in person or by an agent or agents authorized by a written proxy executed by such person or such person’s duly authorized agent, which proxy shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation at or before the meeting at which it is to be used. Said proxy so appointed need not be a stockholder. No proxy shall be voted on after three years from its date unless the proxy provides for a longer period. (c) Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section, the following shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant such authority: (i) A stockholder may execute a writing authorizing another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy. Execution may be accomplished by the stockholder or such stockholder’s authorized officer, director, employee or agent signing such writing or causing such stockholder’s signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means including, but not limited to, by facsimile signature. (ii) A stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of a telegram, cablegram, or other means of electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided that any such telegram, cablegram or other means of electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission was authorized by such stockholder. If it is determined that such telegrams, cablegrams or other electronic transmissions are valid, the inspectors or, if there are no inspectors, such other persons making that determination shall specify the information upon which they relied. (d) Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission. 8 Section 7. Voting Procedures and Inspectors of Elections. (a) [COMPANY] shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. [COMPANY] may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. (b) The inspectors shall (i) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, (ii) determine the shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (iii) count all votes and ballots, (iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors, and (v) certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting, and their count of all votes and ballots. The inspectors may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist the inspectors in the performance of the duties of the inspectors. (c) The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting. No ballot, proxies or votes, nor any revocations thereof or changes thereto, shall be accepted by the inspectors after the closing of the polls unless the Court of Chancery upon application by a stockholder shall determine otherwise. (d) In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots, the inspectors shall be limited to an examination of the proxies, any envelopes submitted with those proxies, any information provided in accordance with Section 212(c)(2) of the [COMPANY] Law, ballots and the regular books and records of the Corporation, except that the inspectors may consider other reliable information for the limited purpose of reconciling proxies and ballots submitted by or on behalf of banks, brokers, their nominees or similar persons which represent more votes than the holder of a proxy is authorized by the record owner to cast or more votes than the stockholder holds of record. If the inspectors consider other reliable information for the limited purpose permitted herein, the inspectors at the time they make their certification pursuant to subsection (b)(v) of this Section shall specify the precise information considered by them, including the person or persons from whom they obtained the information, when the information was obtained, the means by which the information was obtained and the basis for the inspectors’ belief that such information is accurate and reliable. (e) The provisions of this Section 7 shall not apply to any annual meeting of stockholders held prior to the annual meeting of stockholders held in 1995. Section 8. List of Stockholders . The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held and which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not specified, at the place where said meeting is to be held, and the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. 9 Section 9. Stockholder Proposals at Annual Meetings . (a) At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business (other than nominations for election to the Board of Directors, which must comply with the provisions of ARTICLE II, Section 10 or ARTICLE II, Section 11 of these By-Laws) shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (i) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder of the Corporation (A) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 9 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (B) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 9. (b) In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice to the Secretary must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 25 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure (as defined below) of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the public disclosure of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder’s notice as described above. (c) To be in proper form, a stockholder’s notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting; (ii) as to the stockholder giving notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is being made, (A) the name and address of such person, (B) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person, (C) the name of each nominee holder for, and the number of, shares owned beneficially but not of record by each such person and (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder with respect to the stock of the Corporation and whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, stock appreciation or similar rights or borrowing or lending shares of stock) has been made by or on behalf of such stockholder, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes in the stock price of the Corporation for such person or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among the stockholder giving the notice and on whose behalf the proposal is being made and any other person or persons in connection with the proposal and any material interest in such business, including any anticipated benefit to such person or persons therefrom; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting; (v) a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends, or is part of a group that intends, to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation’s outstanding shares required to approve or adopt the proposal or otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of the proposal; and (vi) any other information relating to the stockholder giving the notice and on whose behalf the proposal is being made that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies with respect to business brought at an annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 10 (d) A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 9 shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for the meeting. (e) Notwithstanding anything in the By-Laws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 9, provided, however, that nothing in this Section 9 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any business properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with said procedures. (f) The Chairman of an annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. (g) For purposes of ARTICLE II, Sections 9 and 10 of these By-Laws, “public disclosure” shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. (h) Nothing contained in this Section 9 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation’s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision of law). Section 10. Nominations of Persons for Election to the Board of Directors . (a) In addition to any other applicable requirements, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 10 or ARTICLE II, Section 11 of these By-Laws shall be eligible for election as directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation may be made at any annual meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) by any nominating committee or person appointed by the Board of Directors; (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation (A) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 10 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such annual or special meeting and (B) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 10; or (iv) by a stockholder or group of stockholders who complies with ARTICLE II, Section 11 of these By-Laws. 11 (b) Such nominations, other than those made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or pursuant to ARTICLE II, Section 11 of these By-Laws, shall be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice to the Secretary must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (i) in the case of an annual meeting not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 25 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs; and (ii) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall the public disclosure of an adjournment or postponement of a stockholder meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder’s notice as described above. (c) To be in proper form, such stockholder’s notice shall set forth (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director, (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (B) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (C) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person, (D) any other information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations for proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, (E) the name of the nominee holder for, and number of, shares owned beneficially but not of record by such person, and (F) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person with respect to the stock of the Corporation and whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, stock appreciation or similar rights or borrowing or lending shares of stock) has been made by or on behalf of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes in the stock price of the Corporation for such person or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person with respect to stock of the Corporation; (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, (A) the name and address of such person, (B) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially, or of record, by such person, (C) the name of the nominee holder for, and the number of, shares owned beneficially but not of record by such person, (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person with respect to the stock of the Corporation and whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, stock appreciation or similar rights or borrowing or lending shares of stock) has been made by or on behalf of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes in the stock price of the Corporation for such person or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among such persons pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made by the stockholder and any relationship between or among the stockholder giving notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, on the other hand; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; (v) a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends, or is part of a group that intends, to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation’s outstanding shares required to elect the nominee or otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of the nomination; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by (i) a written consent of each proposed nominee to be named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected and (ii) a resignation in the form prescribed by Section 3(c) of ARTICLE III of these [COMPANY] may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine whether such proposed nominee meets the criteria set forth in the Corporation’s Corporate Governance Guidelines to serve as a director of the Corporation , including with regard to the independence of such proposed nominee. 12 (d) A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at an annual or special meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 10 shall be true and correct as of the record date for the annual or special meeting, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date of the meeting. (e) No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 10 or ARTICLE II, Section 11 of these By-Laws. (f) These provisions shall not apply to the nomination of any persons entitled to be separately elected as directors by holders of preferred stock. (g) The Chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. 13 Section 11. Proxy Access . (a) [COMPANY] shall include in its proxy statement for an annual meeting of stockholders the name, together with the Required Information (defined below), of any person nominated for election (the “Stockholder Nominee”) to the Board of Directors by a stockholder that satisfies, or by a group of no more than 20 stockholders that satisfy, the requirements of this Section 11 (the “Eligible Stockholder”), and who expressly elects at the time of providing the notice required by this Section 11 to have its nominee included in the Corporation’s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 11. For purposes of this Section 11, the “Required Information” that the Corporation will include in its proxy statement is (i) the information concerning the Stockholder Nominee and the Eligible Stockholder that is required to be disclosed in the Corporation’s proxy statement by the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act; and (ii) if the Eligible Stockholder so elects, a Statement (defined below). To be timely, the Required Information must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary not less than sixty (60) days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. (b) Nominations pursuant to this Section 11 shall be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice to the Secretary must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. (c) The number of Stockholder Nominees (including Stockholder Nominees that were submitted by an Eligible Stockholder for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 11 but either are subsequently withdrawn or that the Board of Directors decides to nominate as Board of Director nominees) appearing in the Corporation’s proxy materials with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders shall not exceed 20% of the number of directors in office as of the last day on which notice of a nomination in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 11 may be delivered pursuant to this Section 11, or if such amount is not a whole number, the closest whole number below 20%. In the event that one or more vacancies for any reason occurs on the Board of Directors after the last day on which notice of a nomination in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 11 may be delivered pursuant to Section 11 but before the date of the annual meeting of stockholders and the Board of Directors resolves to reduce the size of the Board in connection therewith, the maximum number of Stockholder Nominees included in the Corporation’s proxy materials shall be calculated based on the number of directors in office as so reduced. Any Eligible Stockholder submitting more than one Stockholder Nominee for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 11 shall rank such Stockholder Nominees based on the order that the Eligible Stockholder desires such Stockholder Nominees to be selected for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy materials in the event that the total number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Stockholders pursuant to this Section 11 exceeds the maximum number of nominees provided for in this Section 11. In the event that the number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Stockholders pursuant to this Section 11 exceeds the maximum number of nominees provided for in this Section 11, the highest ranking Stockholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Section 11 from each Eligible Stockholder will be selected for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy materials until the maximum number is reached, going in order of the amount (largest to smallest) of shares of common stock of the Corporation each Eligible Stockholder disclosed as owned in its respective notice of a nomination submitted to the Corporation in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 11. If the maximum number is not reached after the highest ranking Stockholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Section 11 from each Eligible Stockholder has been selected, this process will continue as many times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the maximum number is reached. 14 (d) For purposes of this Section 11, an Eligible Stockholder shall be deemed to “own” only those outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation as to which the stockholder possesses both (i) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares and (ii) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss on) such shares; provided that the number of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any shares (x) sold by such stockholder or any of its affiliates in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, (y) borrowed by such stockholder or any of its affiliates for any purposes or purchased by such stockholder or any of its affiliates pursuant to an agreement to resell or (z) subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, other derivative or similar agreement entered into by such stockholder or any of its affiliates, whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of shares of outstanding common stock of the Corporation, in any such case which instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, the purpose or effect of (1) reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, such stockholder’s or affiliates’ full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares, and/or (2) hedging, offsetting or altering to any degree gain or loss arising from the full economic ownership of such shares by such stockholder or affiliate. A person’s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which (i) the person has loaned such shares, provided that the person has the power to recall such loaned shares on three (3) business days’ notice; or (ii) the person has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney or other instrument or arrangement which is revocable at any time by the person. The terms “owned,” “owning” and other variations of the word “own” shall have correlative meanings. Whether outstanding shares of the common stock of the Corporation are “owned” for these purposes shall be determined by the Board of Directors. For purposes of this Section 11, the term “affiliate” or “affiliates” shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. (e) In order to make a nomination pursuant to this Section 11, an Eligible Stockholder must have owned (as defined above) 3% or more of the Corporation’s outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years (the “Required Shares”) as of both the date the written notice of the nomination is delivered to or mailed and received by the Corporation in accordance with this Section 11 and the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting of stockholders, and must continue to hold the Required Shares through the meeting date. Within the time period specified in this Section 11 for providing notice of a nomination in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 11, an Eligible Stockholder must provide the following information in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation: (i) one or more written statements from the record holder of the shares (and from each intermediary through which the shares are or have been held during the requisite three-year holding period) verifying that, as of a date within seven calendar days prior to the date the written notice of the nomination is delivered to or mailed and received by the Corporation, the Eligible Stockholder owns, and has owned continuously for the preceding three years, the Required Shares, and the Eligible Stockholder’s agreement to provide, within five (5) business days after the record date for the annual meeting of stockholders, written statements from the record holder and intermediaries verifying the Eligible Stockholder’s continuous ownership of the Required Shares through the record date; (ii) the information that is the same as what would be required to be set forth in the stockholder’s notice of nomination pursuant to ARTICLE II, Section 10(c) of these By-Laws, together with the written consent of each Stockholder Nominee to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected and the contingent resignation of that Stockholder Nominee required by ARTICLE III, Section 3(c) of these By-Laws; and (iii) a copy of the Schedule 14N that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Rule 14a-18 under the Exchange Act, as may be amended. 15 (f) Within the time period specified in this Section 11 for providing notice of a nomination in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 11, an Eligible Stockholder must provide a representation that the Eligible Stockholder (i) acquired the Required Shares in the ordinary course of business and not with the intent to change or influence control at the Corporation, and does not presently have such intent, (ii) presently intends to maintain qualifying ownership of the Required Shares through the date of the annual meeting, (iii) has not nominated and will not nominate for election to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting of stockholders any person other than the Stockholder Nominee(s) being nominated pursuant to this Section 11, (iv) has not engaged and will not engage in, and has not and will not be a “participant” in another person’s, “solicitation” within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a director at the annual meeting of stockholders other than its Stockholder Nominee or a nominee of the Board of Directors, (v) will not distribute to any stockholder any form of proxy for the annual meeting of stockholders other than the form distributed by the Corporation, and (vi) will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the Corporation and stockholders of the Corporation that are or will be true and correct in all material respects and do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. (g) Within the time period specified in this Section 11 for providing notice of a nomination in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 11, an Eligible Stockholder must provide an undertaking that the Eligible Stockholder agrees to (i) assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the Eligible Stockholder’s communications with the stockholders of the Corporation or out of the information that the Eligible Stockholder provided to the Corporation, (ii) comply with all other laws and regulations applicable to any solicitation in connection with the annual meeting of stockholders, and (iii) indemnify and hold harmless the Corporation and each of its directors, officers and employees individually against any liability, loss or damages in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding, whether legal, administrative or investigative, against the Corporation or any of its directors, officers or employees arising out of any nomination submitted by the Eligible Stockholder pursuant to this Section 11. The inspector of elections shall not give effect to the Eligible Stockholder’s votes with respect to the election of directors if the Eligible Stockholder does not comply with the undertaking in clause (iv) above. (h) Within the time period specified in this Section 11 for providing notice of a nomination in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 11, a Stockholder Nominee must deliver to the Secretary of the Corporation a written representation and agreement that such person (i) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (ii) may not be, and may not become, a party to any compensatory, payment, indemnification or other financial agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, and (iii) will comply with all of the Corporation’s corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other Corporation policies and guidelines applicable to directors. At the request of the Corporation, the Stockholder Nominee must submit all completed and signed questionnaires required of Corporation directors. 16 [COMPANY] may request such additional information as necessary to permit the Board of Directors to determine if each Stockholder Nominee is independent under the listing standards of the principal U.S. securities exchange upon which the common stock of the Corporation is listed, any applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining and disclosing the independence of the Corporation’s directors (the “Applicable Independence Standards”). If the Board of Directors determines that a Stockholder Nominee is not independent under the listing standards of the principal U.S. securities exchange upon which the common stock of the Corporation is listed, any applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining and disclosing the independence of the Corporation’s directors, the Stockholder Nominee will be ineligible for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy materials. (i) In the event that any information or communications provided by the Eligible Stockholder or the Stockholder Nominee to the Corporation or its stockholders ceases to be true and correct in all material respects or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, each Eligible Stockholder or Stockholder Nominee, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the secretary of the Corporation of any defect in such previously provided information and of the information that is required to correct any such defect. (j) The Eligible Stockholder may provide to the Secretary of the Corporation, at the time the information required by this Section 11 is provided, a written statement for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders, not to exceed 500 words, in support of the Stockholder Nominee’s candidacy (the “Statement”). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 11, the Corporation may omit from its proxy materials any information or Statement that it, in good faith, believes would violate any applicable law or regulation. (k) [COMPANY] shall not be required to include, pursuant to this Section 11, any Stockholder Nominee in its proxy materials for any meeting of stockholders (i) for which the Secretary of Corporation receives a notice that a stockholder has nominated a person for election to the Board of Directors pursuant to the advance notice requirements for stockholder nominees for director set forth in ARTICLE II, Section 10(b) of these By-Laws, (ii) if the Stockholder Nominee is, or has been within the three years preceding the date the Corporation first mails to the stockholders its notice of meeting that includes the name of the nominee, an officer or director of a company that is a competitor, as defined in Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914, of the Corporation; (iii) who is not independent under the Applicable Independence Standards, as determined by the Board of Directors; (iv) if the Stockholder Nominee serves as a director at more than four other public companies as of the date the Corporation first mails to the stockholders its notice of meeting that includes the name of the nominee; (v) if the Stockholder Nominee or the Eligible Stockholder who has nominated such Stockholder Nominee has engaged in or is currently engaged in, or has been or is a “participant” in another person’s, “solicitation” within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a director at the meeting other than such Stockholder Nominee or a nominee of the Board of Directors, (vi) who is or becomes a party to any compensatory, payment or other financial agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person other than the Corporation that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (vii) who is named subject of a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) pending as of the date the Corporation first mails to the stockholders its notice of meeting that includes the name of the nominee and, within the ten years preceding such date, must not have been convicted in such a criminal proceeding, (viii) who upon becoming a member of the Board of Directors, would cause the Corporation to be in violation of these By-Laws, the Certificate of Incorporation, the rules and listing standards of the principal U.S. exchange upon which the common stock of the Corporation is listed, or any applicable state or federal law, rule or regulation; (ix) if such Stockholder Nominee or the applicable Eligible Stockholder shall have provided information to the Corporation in respect to such nomination that was untrue in any material respect or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading, as determined by the Board of Directors, or (x) if the Eligible Stockholder or applicable Stockholder Nominee otherwise contravenes any of the agreements, representations or undertakings made by such Eligible Stockholder or Stockholder Nominee or fails to comply with its obligations pursuant to this Section 11. For purposes of clause (ii) above, a “competitor” of the Corporation is any company engaged in any business or other activities that are competitive with any aspect of the Corporation’s business to an extent that is more than de minimis, as determined by the Board of Directors. 17 (l) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 11, the Board of Directors or the chairman of the annual meeting of stockholders shall declare a nomination by an Eligible Stockholder to be invalid, and such nomination shall be disregarded notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation, if (i) the Stockholder Nominee(s) and/or the applicable Eligible Stockholder (or any member of any group of stockholders that together is such Eligible Stockholder) shall have breached its or their obligations under this Section 11, including, but not limited to, a breach of any representations, agreements or undertakings required under this Section 11, as determined by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the annual meeting of stockholders or (ii) the Eligible Stockholder (or a qualified representative thereof) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders to present any nomination pursuant to this Section 11. (m) Any Stockholder Nominee who is included in the Corporation’s proxy materials for a particular annual meeting of stockholders but either (i) withdraws from or becomes ineligible or unavailable for election at the annual meeting of stockholders, or (ii) does not receive at least 25% of the votes cast in favor of the Stockholder Nominee’s election, will be ineligible to be a Stockholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 11 for the next two annual meetings of stockholders. 18 ARTICLE III Directors Section 1. General Powers . The property, affairs and business of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of its Board of Directors, which may exercise all of the powers of the Corporation, except such as are by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws expressly conferred upon or reserved to the stockholders. Section 2. Number and Term of Office; Removal . (a) Number. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by these By-Laws but in no event shall be less than three (3) or more than fifteen (15), with the exact number to be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. (b) Term. Each nominee elected by the stockholders at the 2007 annual meeting of the stockholders to serve as director shall hold office for a term commencing the date of the 2007 annual meeting, or such later date as determined by the Board of Directors, and ending on the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such director’s successor is elected and qualified, or until such director’s earlier resignation or removal. At each annual meeting of stockholders subsequent to the 2007 annual meeting of stockholders, each nominee elected by the stockholders to serve as director shall hold office for a term commencing on the date of the annual meeting, or such later date as shall be determined by the Board of Directors, and ending on the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such director’s successor is elected and qualified, or until such director’s earlier resignation or removal. (c) Removal. A director may be removed from office, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors and, subject to such removal, death, resignation, retirement or disqualification, shall hold office until such director’s term expires and until such director’s successor shall be elected and qualified. In no case shall a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director. The provisions of this Section 2 shall not apply to directors governed by Section 15 of this ARTICLE III. Section 3. Election of Directors . (a) Majority Voting. Except as provided in paragraph (b) below with respect to Contested Elections, each nominee shall be elected a director by a Majority Vote with respect to that nominee’s election at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. For purposes of these By-Laws, a “Majority Vote” means that the number of votes cast in favor of a nominee must exceed the number of votes cast against that nominee’s election. Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, will not count as a vote cast with respect to that nominee. (b) Contested Elections. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in any Contested Election. For purposes of these By-Laws, a “Contested Election” means an election of directors (i) for which the Secretary of the Corporation has received a notice that a stockholder has nominated a person for election to the Board of Directors in compliance with Section 10 of ARTICLE II of these By-Laws, and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn at least five days prior to the date the Corporation first mails the notice of meeting for such meeting to stockholders. 19 (c) Resignation and Replacement of Unsuccessful Incumbents. (i) In order for any person to become a nominee of the Board of Directors for service on the Board of Directors, such person must submit a resignation, contingent (A) on that person not receiving the required vote for re-election, and (B) acceptance of that resignation by the Board of Directors in accordance with policies and procedures adopted by the Board of Directors for such purposes. (ii) A resignation that becomes effective pursuant to subsection (c)(i) of this Section 3 shall provide that it is irrevocable. (iii) The Board of Directors, acting on the recommendation of the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance, shall within 90 days of receiving the certified results of the stockholder vote pertaining to such election, determine whether to accept the resignation of the unsuccessful incumbent. Absent a determination by the Board of Directors that it is in the best interests of the Corporation for an unsuccessful incumbent to remain as a director, no such person shall be elected by the Board to serve as a director, and the Board shall accept that person’s resignation. (d) Acceptance of a Director’s Resignation. If the Board of Directors accepts the resignation of a director who is an unsuccessful incumbent, or if in a non-Contested Election a nominee for director who is not an incumbent director does not receive a Majority Vote, then the Board of Directors may fill the resulting vacancy pursuant to the provisions of Section 4 of ARTICLE III of these By-Laws, or may decrease the size of the Board of Directors pursuant to the provisions of Section 2 of ARTICLE III of these By-Laws. Section 4. Vacancies . Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors for any cause other than by reason of an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by the stockholders. Any vacancy occurring by reason of an increase in the number of directors may be filled by action of a majority of the entire Board of Directors or by the stockholders. A director elected by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy shall be elected to hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected and until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall have qualified. A director elected by the stockholders to fill a vacancy shall be elected to hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected and until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall have qualified. The provisions of this Section 4 shall not apply to directors governed by Section 15 of this ARTICLE III. Section 5. Resignations . A director may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect when the resignation is delivered unless the resignation specifies (a) a later effective date or (b) an effective date determined upon the happening of an event or events (including but not limited to a failure to receive the required vote in an election pursuant to Section 3 of ARTICLE III of these By-Laws, and the Board of Directors’ acceptance of the resignation). Section 6. Annual Meetings . The Board of Directors, as constituted following the vote of stockholders at any meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors, may hold its first meeting for the purpose of organization and the transaction of business, if a quorum be present, immediately after such meeting and at the same place, and notice of such meeting need not be given. Such first meeting may be held at any other time and place specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors or in a consent and waiver of notice thereof signed by all the directors. 20 Section 7. Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such places and times as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board. Section 8. Special Meetings; Notice . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer and shall be called by the Secretary upon the written request of any three directors, and each special meeting shall be held at such place and time as shall be specified in the notice thereof. At least 24 hours’ notice of each such special meeting shall be given to each director personally or sent to him or her addressed to his or her residence or usual place of business by telephone, telegram or facsimile transmission, or at least 120 hours’ notice of each such special meeting shall be given to each director by letter sent to him or her addressed as aforesaid or on such shorter notice and by such means, including electronic transmission, as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem reasonably necessary or appropriate in light of the circumstances. Any notice by letter or telegram shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail so addressed or when duly deposited at an appropriate office for transmission by telegram, as the case may be. Such notice need not state the business to be transacted at or the purpose or purposes of such special meeting. No notice of any such special meeting of the Board of Directors need be given to any director who attends in person or who, in writing executed and filed with the records of the meeting, either before or after the holding thereof, waives such notice. No notice need be given of an adjourned meeting of the Board of Directors. Section 9. Quorum and Manner of Acting . A majority of the total number of directors, but in no event less than two directors, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting, at which a quorum is present, shall be the act of the Board of Directors. In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum be had. Section 10. Consent in Writing . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if a written consent to such action is signed or transmitted electronically by all members of the Board or of such committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or such committee. Section 11. Committees. (a) Executive Committee . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of a quorum of the Board, appoint an Executive Committee of not less than three members, each of whom shall be a director. The Executive Committee, to the extent permitted by law, shall have and may exercise when the Board of Directors is not in session all powers of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, including, without limitation, the power and authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock, except such Committee shall not have the power or authority (i) to approve, adopt, or recommend to stockholders any action or matter required by the [COMPANY] Law to be submitted for stockholder approval; or (ii) to adopt, amend, or repeal any By-Law of the Corporation. 21 (b) Other Committees . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of a quorum of the Board, from time to time appoint such other committees as may be permitted by law. Such other committees appointed by the Board of Directors shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such committee, but in no event shall any such committee have the powers denied to the Executive Committee in these By-Laws. (c) Term . The members of all committees of the Board of Directors shall serve a term coexistent with that of the Board of Directors which shall have appointed such committees. The Board, subject to the provisions of subsections (a) or (b) of this Section 11, may at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee; provided that no committee shall consist of less than one member. The membership of a committee member shall terminate on the date of his or her death or voluntary resignation, but the Board may at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member and the Board may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of the committee. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. (d) Meetings . Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular meetings of the Executive Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant to this Section 11 shall be held at such times and places as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice thereof has been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter; special meetings of any such committee may be held at the principal office of the Corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section 2 of ARTICLE I hereof; or at any place which has been designated from time to time by resolution of such committee or by written consent of all members thereof, and may be called by any director who is a member of such committee, upon written notice to the members of such committee of the time and place of such special meeting given in the manner provided for the giving of written notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and place of special meetings of the Board of Directors. Notice of any special meeting of any committee may be waived in writing at any time after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat. Fifty percent (50%) of the authorized number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee. Section 12. Telephone Meetings . The Board of Directors or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment if all members of the Board or of such committee, as the case may be, participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 22 Section 13. Compensation . The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and/or stated compensation as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings. Section 14. Interested Directors . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of the Corporation’s directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his, her or their votes are counted for such purpose if (i) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified, by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. Section 15. Directors Elected by Special Class or Series . To the extent that any holders of any class or series of stock other than Common Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the separate right, voting as a class or series, to elect directors, the directors elected by such class or series shall be deemed to constitute an additional class of directors and shall have a term of office for one year or such other period as may be designated by the provisions of such class or series providing such separate voting right to the holders of such class or series of stock, and any such class of directors shall be in addition to directors serving pursuant to Section 2 of this ARTICLE III. Any directors so elected shall be subject to removal in such manner as may be provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation of this Corporation. The provisions of Sections 2, 3 and 4 of this ARTICLE III do not apply to directors governed by this Section 15. ARTICLE IV Officers Section 1. Designation of Officers . The officers of the Corporation, who shall be chosen by the Board of Directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders, shall be a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer, a Secretary and a Controller. The Board of Directors from time to time may choose such other officers as it shall deem appropriate. Any one person may hold any number of offices of the Corporation at any one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom by law. The Chairman of the Board shall be chosen from among the directors, and the Chief Executive Officer shall be a member of the Board; the other officers need not be directors. 23 Section 2. Term of Office; Resignation; Removal . The term of office of each officer shall be until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and shall have qualified, or until his or her death, resignation or removal, whichever is sooner. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any officer may be removed at any time either with or without cause by the Board of Directors. Section 3. Vacancies . A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause, may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors. Section 4. Authority of Officers . Subject to the power of the Board of Directors in its discretion to change and redefine the duties of the officers of the Corporation by resolution in such manner as it may from time to time determine, the duties of the officers of the Corporation shall be as follows: (a) Chairman of the Board . The Chairman of the Board shall preside at meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. Subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, he or she shall generally manage the affairs of the Board and perform such other duties as are assigned by the Board. (b) Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall have the responsibility for the general management of the affairs of the Corporation, and shall execute all the powers and perform all the duties usual to such office. The Chief Executive Officer shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed or assigned to him or her from time to time by the Board of Directors. (c) President . The President shall execute all the powers and perform all the duties usual to such office. The President shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed or assigned to him or her from time to time by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. (d) Other Officers . The other officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, as well as such powers and duties as the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee or the Chief Executive Officer may prescribe. Section 5. Divisional Titles . Any one of the Chief Executive Officer, President, or Vice President Human Resources and Administration (each one an “Appointing Person”), may from time to time confer upon any employee of a division of the Corporation the title of President, Vice President, Treasurer or Secretary of such division or any other divisional title or titles deemed appropriate. Any such titles so conferred may be discontinued and withdrawn at any time by any one Appointing Person. Any employee of a division designated by such a divisional title shall have the powers and duties with respect to such division as shall be prescribed by the Appointing Person. The conferring, withdrawal or discontinuance of divisional titles shall be in writing and shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation. Section 6. Salaries . The salaries and other compensation of the principal officers of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. 24 ARTICLE V Execution of Corporate Instruments And Voting of Securities Owned By the Corporation Section 1. Execution of Instruments . The Board of Directors may in its discretion determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers or other person or persons, to execute any corporate instrument or document, or to sign the corporate name without limitation, except where otherwise provided by law, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the Corporation. All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositories on funds to the credit of the Corporation or in special accounts of the Corporation, shall be signed by such person or persons as the Treasurer or such other person designated by the Board of Directors for that purpose shall authorize so to do. Section 2. Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation . All stock and other securities of other corporations and business entities owned or held by the Corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized to do so by resolution of the Board of Directors. ARTICLE VI Shares of Stock and Other Securities Section 1. Form and Execution of Certificates . Certificates for the shares of stock of the Corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of stock in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), Chief Executive Officer, President or any Vice President and by the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. If the Corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate which the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the [COMPANY] Law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate which the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. 25 Section 2. Lost Certificates . The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost or destroyed certificate or certificates, or such owner’s legal representative, to indemnify the Corporation in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the Corporation a surety bond in such form and amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost or destroyed. Section 3. Transfers . Transfers of record of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized, and upon the surrender of a certificate or certificates for a like number of shares, properly endorsed. Section 4. Fixing Record Dates . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action. If no record date is fixed: (1) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (2) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is necessary, shall be the day on which the first written consent is expressed; (3) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. Section 5. Registered Stockholders . [COMPANY] shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. Section 6. Regulations . The Board of Directors may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock and other securities of the Corporation, and may appoint transfer agents and registrars of any class of stock or other securities of the Corporation. 26 Section 7. Other Securities of the Corporation . All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities of the Corporation, other than stock certificates, may be signed by the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), Chief Executive Officer, President or any Vice President or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors and the corporate seal impressed thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted thereon and attested by the signature of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer; provided, however, that where any such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be authenticated by the manual signature of a trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be issued, the signature of the persons signing and attesting the corporate seal on such bond, debenture or other corporate security may be the imprinted facsimile of the signatures of such persons. Interest coupons appertaining to any such bond, debenture or other corporate security, authenticated by a trustee as aforesaid, shall be signed by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation, or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or bear imprinted thereon the facsimile signature of such person. In case any officer who shall have signed or attested any bond, debenture or other corporate security or whose facsimile signature shall appear thereon shall have ceased to be such officer before the bond, debenture or other corporate security so signed or attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the Corporation and issued and delivered as though the person who signed the same or whose facsimile signature shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the Corporation. ARTICLE VII Corporate Seal The corporate seal shall consist of a die bearing the name of the Corporation and the state and date of its incorporation. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. ARTICLE VIII Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents Section 1. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings Other Than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation . Subject to Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. The right to indemnification conferred in this ARTICLE VIII shall be a contract right. 27 Section 2. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation . Subject to Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 3. Authorization of Indemnification . Any indemnification under this ARTICLE VIII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this ARTICLE VIII, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made (i) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (ii) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (iii) by the stockholders. To the extent, however, that a director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he or she shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case. Section 4. Good Faith Defined . For purposes of any determination under Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, a person shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful, if his or her action is based on the records or books of account of the Corporation or another enterprise, or on information supplied to him or her by the officers of the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Corporation or another enterprise. The term “another enterprise” as used in this Section 4 shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. The provisions of this Section 4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 1 or 2 of this ARTICLE VIII, as the case may be. 28 Section 5. Indemnification by a Court . Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any director or officer may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible under Sections 1 and 2 of this ARTICLE VIII. The basis of such indemnification by a court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standards of conduct set forth in Sections 1 or 2 of this ARTICLE VIII, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption that the director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. Notice of any application for indemnification pursuant to this Section 5 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application. If successful, in whole or in part, the director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such application. Section 6. Expenses Payable in Advance . Expenses incurred by a director or officer in defending or investigating a threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this ARTICLE VIII. Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by or granted pursuant to this ARTICLE VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any By-Law, agreement, contract, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or pursuant to the direction (howsoever embodied) of any court of competent jurisdiction or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification of the persons specified in Sections 1 and 2 of this ARTICLE VIII shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this ARTICLE VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Sections 1 or 2 of this ARTICLE VIII but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the [COMPANY] Law of the State of Delaware, or otherwise. Section 8. Insurance . [COMPANY] may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this ARTICLE VIII. 29 Section 9. Certain Definitions . For purposes of this ARTICLE VIII, references to “the Corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this ARTICLE VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he or she would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this ARTICLE VIII, references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the Corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation” as referred to in this ARTICLE VIII. Section 10. Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this ARTICLE VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. Section 11. Limitation on Indemnification . Notwithstanding anything contained in this ARTICLE VIII to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 5 hereof), the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Section 12. Indemnification of Employees and Agents . [COMPANY] may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation similar to those conferred in this ARTICLE VIII to directors and officers of the Corporation. Section 13. Effect of Amendment . Any amendment, repeal or modification of this ARTICLE VIII shall not (a) adversely affect any right or protection of any director or officer existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification, or (b) apply to the indemnification of any such person for liability, expense, or loss stemming from actions or omissions occurring prior to such amendment, repeal, or modification. Section 14. Authority to Enter into Indemnification Agreements . [COMPANY] may enter into indemnification agreements with the directors and officers of the Corporation. 30 ARTICLE IX Notices Whenever, under any provisions of these By-Laws, notice is required to be given to any stockholder, the same shall be given in writing, timely and duly deposited in the United States Mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to such stockholder’s last known post office address as shown by the stock record of the Corporation or its transfer agent. Any notice required to be given to any director may be given by any of the methods stated in Section 8 of ARTICLE III hereof, except that such notice other than one which is delivered personally, shall be sent to such address or (in the case of facsimile telecommunication) facsimile telephone number as such director shall have disclosed in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last known post office address of such director. If no address of a stockholder or director be known, such notice may be sent to the office of the Corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section 2 of ARTICLE I hereof. An affidavit of mailing, executed by a duly authorized and competent employee of the Corporation or its transfer agent appointed with respect to the class of stock affected, specifying the name and address or the names and addresses of the stockholder or stockholders, director or directors, to whom any such notice or notices was or were given, and the time and method of giving the same, shall be conclusive evidence of the statements therein contained. All notices given by mail, as above provided, shall be deemed to have been given as at the time of mailing and all notices given by telegram or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been given as at the sending time recorded by the telegraph company or other electronic transmission equipment operator transmitting the same. It shall not be necessary that the same method of giving be employed in respect of all directors, but one permissible method may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of any other or others. The period or limitation of time within which any stockholder may exercise any option or right, or enjoy any privilege or benefit, or be required to act, or within which any director may exercise any power or right, or enjoy any privilege, pursuant to any notice sent such stockholder or such director in the manner above provided, shall not be affected or extended in any manner by the failure of such a stockholder or such director to receive such notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of this statute or of the Certificate of Incorporation, or of these By-Laws, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Whenever notice is required to be given, under any provision of law or of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Corporation, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the Corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate under any provision of the [COMPANY] Law, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. ARTICLE X Amendments The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, alter and repeal the By-Laws of the Corporation in whole or in part at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors, by vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The By-Laws may also be adopted, altered or repealed in whole or in part at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon. 31 Certificate of Secretary The undersigned, Associate General Counsel and Secretary of Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that the foregoing is a full, true and correct copy of the By-Laws of said Corporation, with all amendments to date of this Certificate. WITNESS the signature of the undersigned and the seal of the Corporation this 2 nd day of August, 2018. Michele Lau Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Associate General Counsel 32