MCK_8K_Annual_Meeting_07.31.2013 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 31, 2013 Apex Health Distribution (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1-13252 87-3207296 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (620) 555-8300 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: [ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On July 31, 2013, at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “2013 Annual Meeting”) of Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”), stockholders approved the Company's 2013 Stock Plan (the “2013 Stock Plan”). The 2013 Stock Plan had been previously approved by the Company's Board of Directors (the “Board”) at its May 22, 2013 meeting, subject to stockholder approval. A summary of the material terms of the 2013 Stock Plan is set forth in the Company's definitive proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on June 21, 2013 (the “Definitive Proxy Statement”), which summary is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the 2013 Stock Plan, including the associated forms of statement of terms and conditions and grant notices, are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 and incorporated herein by reference. Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. On January 30, 2013, the Board adopted amendments to the Company's Amended and Restated By-Laws (the “By-Law Amendments”), subject to the approval of the Company's stockholders at the 2013 Annual Meeting, providing a means for stockholders to take action between annual meetings of stockholders. [COMPANY] previously announced the Board's approval of the By-Law Amendments, subject to stockholder approval, in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 30, 2013, as furnished to the SEC, and the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement. The By-Law Amendments permit record holders who have held at least a twenty-five percent (25%) net long position in the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company for at least one year to call a special meeting of stockholders. The text of the By-Law Amendments contains various timing and other mechanisms that are intended to avoid potential abuse and the cost and distraction that would result from multiple stockholder meetings being held in a short time period. In addition, the By-Law Amendments include certain non-substantive changes to the text of the Company's Amended and Restated By-Laws. The above description of the By-Law Amendments does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Company's Amended and Restated By-Laws, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference. Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. On July 31, 2013, the following ten items were voted on at the 2013 Annual Meeting, and the stockholder votes on each such matter, as certified by the Inspector of Election, are set forth below. Item 1 . The Board's nominees for directors, as listed in the Definitive Proxy Statement, were each elected to serve a one-year term. The votes were as follows: 1 Director Nominee Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes Andy D. Bryant 179,365,426 4,716,233 744,621 16,116,799 Wayne A. Budd 177,638,288 6,412,907 775,085 16,116,799 William Harrington 173,357,326 9,632,943 1,836,011 16,116,799 Alton F. Irby III 110,067,398 73,029,424 1,729,458 16,116,799 M. Christine Jacobs 123,119,646 60,117,522 1,589,112 16,116,799 Marie L. Knowles 178,667,517 5,421,706 737,057 16,116,799 David M. Lawrence, M.D. 125,395,511 57,821,893 1,608,876 16,116,799 Edward A. Mueller 129,337,291 53,820,000 1,668,989 16,116,799 Jane E. Shaw, Ph.D. 155,056,142 28,132,588 1,637,550 16,116,799 Item 2 . The appointment of Deloitte & [COMPANY] as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2014 was ratified, having received the following votes: 2 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 196,381,014 3,890,742 671,323 — Item 3 . The proposal to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company's named executive officers was not approved, having received the following votes: 2 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 40,220,617 140,611,665 3,993,998 16,116,799 Item 4 . The proposal to approve the Company's 2013 Stock Plan was approved, having received the following votes: 3 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 157,043,264 27,223,771 559,305 16,116,799 Item 5 . The proposal to amend the Company's 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan was approved, having received the following votes: 3 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 181,159,810 2,942,708 723,762 16,116,799 Item 6 . The proposal to amend the Company's By-Laws to provide for a right of stockholders to call special meetings was approved, having received the following votes: 4 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 183,097,727 1,240,723 487,830 16,116,799 Item 7 . The stockholder-submitted proposal on action by written consent of stockholders was not approved, having received the following votes: 2 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 81,280,342 102,394,409 1,151,529 16,116,799 Item 8 . The stockholder-submitted proposal on disclosure of political contributions and expenditures was not approved, having received the following votes: 2 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 65,312,692 74,390,570 45,123,018 16,116,799 Item 9 . The stockholder-submitted proposal on significant executive stock retention until reaching normal retirement age or terminating employment was not approved, having received the following votes: 2 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 49,541,787 134,122,464 1,162,029 16,116,799 Item 10 . The stockholder-submitted proposal on the Company's compensation clawback policy was approved, having received the following votes: 2 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 97,213,891 86,413,315 1,199,074 16,116,799 Each of the items considered at the 2013 Annual Meeting is described in further detail in the Definitive Proxy Statement. No item other than the ten items addressed above and described in the Definitive Proxy Statement was submitted at the 2013 Annual Meeting for stockholder action. 1 Under the Company's majority voting standard, the election of a nominee required that the nominee receive a majority of the votes cast (that is, the number of votes cast “for” each nominee had to exceed the number of votes cast “against” such nominee). Therefore, abstentions and broker non-votes were required to be disregarded and had no effect on the vote results. 2 Approval of each proposal with this footnote designation required the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present, in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote on the proposal at the meeting. Therefore, abstentions, which represented shares present and entitled to vote, had the same effect as a vote against the proposal. Broker non-votes, if any, were required to be disregarded and had no effect on the vote results. 3 Under the requirements of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), the approval of the 2013 Stock Plan and amendment to the 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan required the affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast on the proposal, provided that the total votes cast on the proposal represented at least 50% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the proposal. The NYSE counts votes “for” and “against” and abstentions as votes cast. Broker non-votes did not count as votes cast, but did count as shares outstanding and entitled to vote. Accordingly, the sum of votes “for,” plus votes “against,” plus abstentions, which sum is referred to as the “NYSE Votes Cast,” must have been greater than 50% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. Further, the number of votes “for” each proposal must have been greater than 50% of the NYSE Votes Cast. Thus, abstentions had the same effect as a vote against the proposal. 4 Approval of this proposal required the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares outstanding and entitled to vote on this proposal at the meeting. Shares represented by abstentions or broker non-votes on this proposal had the effect of a vote against the matter. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Apex Health Distribution, as amended on July 31, 2013. 10.1 Apex Health Distribution 2013 Stock Plan, as approved on July 31, 2013. 10.2 Forms of statement of terms and conditions and grant notices as applicable to awards under the Apex Health Distribution 2013 Stock Plan. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: August 2, 2013 Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Laureen E. Seeger Laureen E. Seeger Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Apex Health Distribution, as amended on July 31, 2013. 10.1 Apex Health Distribution 2013 Stock Plan, as approved on July 31, 2013. 10.2 Forms of statement of terms and conditions and grant notices as applicable to awards under the Apex Health Distribution 2013 Stock Plan.
MCK_8K_Annual_Meeting_Exhibit 3.1_07.31.2013 Exhibit 3.1 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS of Apex Health Distribution a Delaware corporation as amended July 31, 2013 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I Offices 3 Section 1. Registered Office 3 Section 2. Other Offices 3 ARTICLE II Stockholders' Meetings 3 Section 1. Place of Meetings 3 Section 2. Annual Meetings 3 Section 3. Special Meetings 4 Section 4. Notice of Meetings. 7 Section 5. Quorum 8 Section 6. Voting Rights. 8 Section 7. Voting Procedures and Inspectors of Elections. 9 Section 8. List of Stockholders 10 Section 9. Stockholder Proposals at Annual Meetings 10 Section 10. Nominations of Persons for Election to the Board of Directors 12 ARTICLE III Directors 14 Section 1. General Powers 14 Section 2. Number and Term of Office; Removal 15 Section 3. Election of Directors 15 Section 4. Vacancies 16 Section 5. Resignations 16 Section 6. Annual Meetings 17 Section 7. Regular Meetings 17 Section 8. Special Meetings; Notice 17 Section 9. Quorum and Manner of Acting 17 Section 10. Consent in Writing 17 Section 11. Committees. 18 Section 12. Telephone Meetings 19 Section 13. Compensation 19 Section 14. Interested Directors 19 Section 15. Directors Elected by Special Class or Series 19 ARTICLE IV Officers 20 Section 1. Designation of Officers 20 Section 2. Term of Office; Resignation; Removal 20 Section 3. Vacancies 20 Section 4. Authority of Officers 20 Section 5. Divisional Titles 21 Section 6. Salaries 21 ARTICLE V Execution of Corporate Instruments And Voting of Securities Owned By the Corporation 21 Section 1. Execution of Instruments 21 -1- TABLE OF CONTENTS Section 2. Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation 21 ARTICLE VI Shares of Stock and Other Securities 21 Section 1. Form and Execution of Certificates 21 Section 2. Lost Certificates 22 Section 3. Transfers 22 Section 4. Fixing Record Dates 22 Section 5. Registered Stockholders 23 Section 6. Regulations 23 Section 7. Other Securities of the Corporation 23 ARTICLE VII Corporate Seal 24 ARTICLE VIII Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents 24 Section 1. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings Other Than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation 24 Section 2. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation 24 Section 3. Authorization of Indemnification 25 Section 4. Good Faith Defined 25 Section 5. Indemnification by a Court 25 Section 6. Expenses Payable in Advance 26 Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 26 Section 8. Insurance 26 Section 9. Certain Definitions 26 Section 10. Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 27 Section 11. Limitation on Indemnification 27 Section 12. Indemnification of Employees and Agents 27 Section 13. Effect of Amendment 27 Section 14. Authority to Enter into Indemnification Agreements 27 ARTICLE IX Notices 27 ARTICLE X Amendments 28 -2- AMENDED [COMPANY] a Delaware corporation ARTICLE I OFFICES Section 1. Registered Office . The address of the registered office of Corporation within the State of Delaware is 2711 Centerville Road, City of Wilmington, 19808, County of New Castle. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such address is [COMPANY] System, Inc. Section 2. Other Offices . [COMPANY] shall also have and maintain an office or principal place of business at One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, Midland, Kansas and may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. ARTICLE II Stockholders' Meetings Section 1. Place of Meetings . Meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, or, if not so designated, then at the office of the Corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section 2 of ARTICLE I hereof. Section 2. Annual Meetings . Each annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business as may lawfully come before the stockholders at such meeting, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, or, if not so designated, then at 10:00 a.m. on the last Wednesday in July in each year if not a legal holiday, and, if a legal holiday, at the same hour and place on the next succeeding day not a holiday. -3- Section 3. Special Meetings . (a) Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called, for any purpose or purposes, by the Chairman of the Board or the President or the Board of Directors at any time. Stockholders' ability to cause a special meeting to be held is described in Section 3(b) below. (b) Subject to the provisions of this Section 3(b) and all other applicable sections of these By-Laws, a special meeting of stockholders shall be called by the Secretary of the Corporation upon written request (a “Special Meeting Request”) of one or more persons who or which Net Long Beneficially Own(s) not less than 25% of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation (the “Requisite Percentage”) as of the time of such request and has or have had continuous Net Long Beneficial Ownership of at least the Requisite Percentage for a minimum of one full year prior to the date of submission of the Special Meeting Request. (i) A Special Meeting Request must be delivered by hand or by registered U.S. mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or courier service, postage prepaid, to the attention of the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. A Special Meeting Request shall be valid only if it is signed and dated by each stockholder of record submitting the Special Meeting Request and each beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is being made, or such stockholder's or beneficial owner's duly authorized agent (each, a “Requesting Stockholder”), and includes (A) a statement of the specific purpose(s) of the special meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the special meeting; (B) in the case of any director nominations proposed to be presented at the special meeting, the information required by Section 10(c) of this Article II; (C) in the case of any matter (other than a director nomination) proposed to be conducted at the special meeting, the information required by Section 9(c) of this Article II; (D) a representation that each Requesting Stockholder, or one or more representatives of each such stockholder, intends to appear in person or by proxy at the special meeting to present the proposal(s) or business to be brought before the special meeting; (E) an agreement by the Requesting Stockholders to notify the Corporation promptly in the event of (1) any disposition prior to the time of the special meeting of any shares included within any Requesting Stockholder's Net Long Beneficial Ownership as of the date on which the Special Meeting Request was delivered to the Secretary and (2) any material change prior to the time of the special meeting in any Requesting Stockholder's Net Long Beneficial Ownership; (F) an acknowledgement that prior to the special meeting any disposition of shares of the Corporation's common stock included within any Requesting Stockholder's Net Long Beneficial Ownership as of the date on which the Special Meeting Request was delivered to the Secretary shall be deemed to be a revocation of such Special Meeting Request with respect to such disposed shares and that any decrease in the Requesting Stockholders' aggregate Net Long Beneficial Ownership to less than the Requisite Percentage shall be deemed to be an absolute revocation of such Special Meeting Request; and (G) documentary evidence that the Requesting Stockholders had Net Long Beneficial Ownership of the Requisite Percentage as of the date of delivery of the Special Meeting Request to the Secretary and for a minimum of one full year prior to the date of such delivery; provided, however, that if any of the Requesting Stockholders are not the beneficial owners of the shares representing the Requisite Percentage, then to be valid, the Special Meeting Request must also include documentary evidence (or, if not -4- simultaneously provided with the Special Meeting Request, such documentary evidence must be delivered to the Secretary within ten days after the date of delivery of the Special Meeting Request to the Secretary) that the beneficial owners on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is made had, together with any Requesting Stockholders who are beneficial owners, Net Long Beneficial Ownership of the Requisite Percentage as of the date of delivery of such Special Meeting Request to the Secretary and for a minimum of one full year prior to the date of such delivery. In addition, the Requesting Stockholders on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is being made shall (x) further update and supplement the information provided in the Special Meeting Request, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided therein shall be true and correct as of the record date for the special meeting and as of the date that is ten business days prior to the date of the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, or, if there are fewer than ten business days between the date of the special meeting and such adjourned or postponed meeting, then as of the date of the special meeting so adjourned or postponed, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for notice of and voting at the special meeting (in the case of an update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and not later than eight business days prior to the date of the special meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the special meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of an update and supplement required to be made as of ten business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof) and (y) promptly provide any other information reasonably requested by the Corporation. (ii) A Special Meeting Request shall not be valid, and a special meeting requested by stockholders shall not be held, if (A) the Special Meeting Request does not comply with this Section 3(b); (B) the Special Meeting Request relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for stockholder action under applicable law; (C) the Special Meeting Request is delivered during the period commencing 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders and ending on the earlier of (x) the date of the next annual meeting or (y) 30 days after the first anniversary of the date of the previous annual meeting; (D) an identical or substantially similar item (as determined in good faith by the Board, a “Similar Item”), other than the election of directors, (1) was presented at an annual or special meeting of stockholders held not more than 12 months before delivery of the Special Meeting Request or (2) is included in the Corporation's notice of meeting as an item of business to be brought before an annual or special meeting of stockholders that has been called but not yet held or that is called for a date within 120 days of the receipt by the Corporation of a Special Meeting Request; (E) a proposed item of business involves the election or removal of directors, changing the size of the Board of Directors, the filling of vacancies and/or newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any similar matter (as determined in good faith by the Board, an “Election Item”) and any Election Item (1) was presented at an annual or special meeting of stockholders held not more than 120 days before delivery of the Special Meeting Request or (2) is included in the Corporation's notice of meeting as an item of business to be brought before an annual or special meeting of stockholders that has been called but not yet held or that is called for a date within 120 days of the receipt by -5- the Corporation of a Special Meeting Request ; or (F) the Special Meeting Request was made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or other applicable law. (iii) Special meetings of stockholders called pursuant to this Section 3(b) shall be held at such place, on such date, and at such time as the Board of Directors shall fix; provided, however, that the special meeting shall not be held more than 120 days after receipt by the Corporation of a valid Special Meeting Request. (iv) The Requesting Stockholders may revoke a Special Meeting Request by written revocation delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation at any time prior to the special meeting. If, following such revocation (or any deemed revocation pursuant to clause (F) of Section 3(b)(i)), there are unrevoked requests from Requesting Stockholders holding in the aggregate less than the Requisite Percentage (or there are no unrevoked requests at all), the Board, in its discretion, may cancel the special meeting. (v) If none of the Requesting Stockholders appears or sends a duly authorized agent to present the business specified in the Special Meeting Request to be presented for consideration, the Corporation need not present such business for a vote at the special meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such business may have been received by the Corporation. (vi) Business transacted at any special meeting called pursuant to this Section 3(b) shall be limited to (A) the purpose(s) stated in a valid Special Meeting Request received from the Requesting Stockholders holding in the aggregate the Requisite Percentage and (B) any additional matters that the Board determines to include in the Corporation's notice of the special meeting. (vii) For the purposes of this Section 3(b), the following definitions shall apply: An “Affiliate” of a person shall mean another person that, directly or indirectly through one of more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such person. An “Associate” of a person shall mean (i) any corporation or organization (other than a majority-owned subsidiary of such person) of which such person is an officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of ten percent or more of any class of equity securities; (ii) any trust or other estate in which such person has a substantial beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (iii) any relative or spouse of such person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same home as such person or who is a director or officer of the Corporation or any of its parents or subsidiaries. “Net Long Beneficial Ownership” (and its correlative terms), when used to describe the nature of a person's ownership of common stock of the Corporation, shall mean the shares of stock of the Corporation that such person or, if such person is a nominee, custodian or other agent that is holding the shares on behalf of another person (the “beneficial owner”), that such beneficial owner would then be deemed to own pursuant to Rule 200(b) under the Exchange Act (as such -6- Rule is in effect on the date on which the By-Laws are first amended to include this Section 3(b)), excluding, at any time, any shares as to which such stockholder or beneficial owner, as the case may be, does not then have the right to vote or direct the vote and excluding, at any time, any shares as to which such person or beneficial owner (or any Affiliate or Associate of such person or beneficial owner), as the case may be, had directly or indirectly entered into (or caused to be entered into) and not yet terminated a derivative or other agreement, arrangement or understanding that hedges or transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, any of the economic consequences of ownership of such shares, and further subtracting from any person's ownership of shares at any time such person's (and such person's Affiliates' and Associates') “short position” (as defined pursuant to Rule 14e-4(a) under the Exchange Act) (as such Rule is in effect on the date on which the By-Laws are first amended to include this Section 3(b)), all as the Board of Directors shall determine in good faith. The Board of Directors shall determine in good faith whether all requirements set forth in this Section 3(b) have been satisfied and such determination shall be binding on the Corporation and its stockholders. Section 4. Notice of Meetings. (a) Except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, written notice of each meeting of stockholders, specifying the place, date and hour and purpose or purposes of the meeting, shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat, directed to such stockholder's address as it appears upon the books of the Corporation; except that where the matter to be acted on is a merger or consolidation of the Corporation or a sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of its assets, such notice shall be given not less than 20 nor more than 60 days prior to such meeting. Such notice may be given in any form or manner permitted by the [COMPANY] Law, including Section 232 thereof relating to notice by electronic transmission. (b) If at any meeting action is proposed to be taken which, if taken, would entitle stockholders fulfilling the requirements of Section 262(d) of the [COMPANY] Law to an appraisal of the fair value of their shares, the notice of such meeting shall contain a statement to that effect and shall be accompanied by a copy of that statutory section. (c) When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken unless the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or unless after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, in which event a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. (d) Notice of the time, place and purpose of any meeting of stockholders may be waived in writing, either before or after such meeting, and to the extent permitted by law, will be waived by any stockholder by such stockholder's attendance thereat, in person or by proxy. Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given. -7- (e) Unless and until voted, every proxy shall be revocable at the pleasure of the person who executed it or of such person's legal representatives or assigns, except in those cases where an irrevocable proxy permitted by statute has been given. Section 5. Quorum . At all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these By-Laws, the presence, in person or by proxy duly authorized, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Shares, the voting of which at such meeting has been enjoined, or which for any reason cannot be lawfully voted at such meeting, shall not be counted to determine a quorum at such meeting. In the absence of a quorum any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned, from time to time, by vote of the holders of a majority of the shares represented thereat, but no other business shall be transacted at such meeting. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. The stockholders present at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a quorum is present, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the affirmative vote of the majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. In the event that at any meeting at which the holders of more than one class or series of the Corporation's capital stock are entitled to vote as a class, a quorum of any such class or series is lacking, the holders of any class or series represented by a quorum may proceed with the transaction of the business to be transacted by such class or series, and if such business is the election of directors, the directors whose successors shall not have been elected shall continue in office until their successors shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified. Section 6. Voting Rights. (a) Except as otherwise provided by law, only persons in whose names shares entitled to vote stand on the stock records of the Corporation on the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting shall be entitled to vote at such meeting. Shares standing in the names of two or more persons shall be voted or represented in accordance with the determination of the majority of such persons, or, if only one of such persons is present in person or represented by proxy, such person shall have the right to vote such shares and such shares shall be deemed to be represented for the purpose of determining a quorum. (b) Every person entitled to vote or execute consents shall have the right to do so either in person or by an agent or agents authorized by a written proxy executed by such person or such person's duly authorized agent, which proxy shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation at or before the meeting at which it is to be used. Said proxy so appointed need not be a stockholder. No proxy shall be voted on after three years from its date unless the proxy provides for a longer period. -8- (c) Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section, the following shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant such authority: (i) A stockholder may execute a writing authorizing another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy. Execution may be accomplished by the stockholder or such stockholder's authorized officer, director, employee or agent signing such writing or causing such stockholder's signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means including, but not limited to, by facsimile signature. (ii) A stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of a telegram, cablegram, or other means of electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided that any such telegram, cablegram or other means of electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission was authorized by such stockholder. If it is determined that such telegrams, cablegrams or other electronic transmissions are valid, the inspectors or, if there are no inspectors, such other persons making that determination shall specify the information upon which they relied. (d) Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission. Section 7. Voting Procedures and Inspectors of Elections. (a) [COMPANY] shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. [COMPANY] may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. (b) The inspectors shall (i) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, (ii) determine the shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (iii) count all votes and ballots, (iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors, and (v) certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting, and their count of all votes and ballots. The inspectors may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist the inspectors in the performance of the duties of the inspectors. -9- (c) The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting. No ballot, proxies or votes, nor any revocations thereof or changes thereto, shall be accepted by the inspectors after the closing of the polls unless the Court of Chancery upon application by a stockholder shall determine otherwise. (d) In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots, the inspectors shall be limited to an examination of the proxies, any envelopes submitted with those proxies, any information provided in accordance with Section 212(c)(2) of the [COMPANY] Law, ballots and the regular books and records of the Corporation, except that the inspectors may consider other reliable information for the limited purpose of reconciling proxies and ballots submitted by or on behalf of banks, brokers, their nominees or similar persons which represent more votes than the holder of a proxy is authorized by the record owner to cast or more votes than the stockholder holds of record. If the inspectors consider other reliable information for the limited purpose permitted herein, the inspectors at the time they make their certification pursuant to subsection (b)(v) of this Section shall specify the precise information considered by them, including the person or persons from whom they obtained the information, when the information was obtained, the means by which the information was obtained and the basis for the inspectors' belief that such information is accurate and reliable. (e) The provisions of this Section 7 shall not apply to any annual meeting of stockholders held prior to the annual meeting of stockholders held in 1995. Section 8. List of Stockholders . The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held and which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not specified, at the place where said meeting is to be held, and the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. Section 9. Stockholder Proposals at Annual Meetings . (a) At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business (other than nominations for election to the Board of Directors, which must comply with the provisions of ARTICLE II, Section 10) shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (i) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder of the Corporation (A) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 9 and on -10- the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (B) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 9. (b) In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 25 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure (as defined below) of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the public disclosure of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. (c) To be in proper form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting; (ii) as to the stockholder giving notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is being made, (A) the name and address of such person, (B) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person, (C) the name of each nominee holder for, and the number of, shares owned beneficially but not of record by each such person and (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder with respect to the stock of the Corporation and whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, stock appreciation or similar rights or borrowing or lending shares of stock) has been made by or on behalf of such stockholder, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes in the stock price of the Corporation for such person or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among the stockholder giving the notice and on whose behalf the proposal is being made and any other person or persons in connection with the proposal and any material interest in such business, including any anticipated benefit to such person or persons therefrom; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting; (v) a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends, or is part of a group that intends, to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's outstanding shares required to approve or adopt the proposal or otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of the proposal; and (vi) any other information relating to the stockholder giving the notice and on whose behalf the proposal is being made that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the -11- solicitation of proxies with respect to business brought at an annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (d) A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 9 shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for the meeting. (e) Notwithstanding anything in the By-Laws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 9, provided, however, that nothing in this Section 9 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any business properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with said procedures. (f) The Chairman of an annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. (g) For purposes of ARTICLE II, Sections 9 and 10 of these By-Laws, “public disclosure” shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. (h) Nothing contained in this Section 9 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision of law). Section 10. Nominations of Persons for Election to the Board of Directors . (a) In addition to any other applicable requirements, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation may be made at any annual meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) by any nominating committee or person appointed by the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation (A) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 10 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such annual or special meeting and (B) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 10. -12- (b) Such nominations, other than those made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, shall be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (i) in the case of an annual meeting not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 25 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs; and (ii) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall the public disclosure of an adjournment or postponement of a stockholder meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. (c) To be in proper form, such stockholder's notice shall set forth (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director, (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (B) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (C) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person, (D) any other information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations for proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, (E) the name of the nominee holder for, and number of, shares owned beneficially but not of record by such person, and (F) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person with respect to the stock of the Corporation and whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, stock appreciation or similar rights or borrowing or lending shares of stock) has been made by or on behalf of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes in the stock price of the Corporation for such person or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person with respect to stock of the Corporation; (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, (A) the name and address of such person, (B) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially, or of record, by such person, (C) the name of the nominee holder for, and the number of, shares owned beneficially but not of record by such person, (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person with respect to the stock of the Corporation and whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, stock appreciation or similar rights or borrowing or lending shares of stock) has been made by or on behalf of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes in the stock price of the Corporation for such person or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or -13- economic interest of such person with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among such persons pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made by the stockholder and any relationship between or among the stockholder giving notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, on the other hand; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; (v) a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends, or is part of a group that intends, to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's outstanding shares required to elect the nominee or otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of the nomination; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by (i) a written consent of each proposed nominee to be named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected and (ii) a resignation in the form prescribed by Section 3(c) of ARTICLE III of these [COMPANY] may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine whether such proposed nominee meets the criteria set forth in the Corporation's Corporate Governance Guidelines to serve as a director of the Corporation , including with regard to the independence of such proposed nominee. (d) A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at an annual or special meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 10 shall be true and correct as of the record date for the annual or special meeting, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date of the meeting. (e) No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 10. (f) These provisions shall not apply to the nomination of any persons entitled to be separately elected as directors by holders of preferred stock. (g) The Chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination shall be disregarded. ARTICLE III Directors Section 1. General Powers . The property, affairs and business of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of its Board of Directors, which may exercise all of the powers of -14- the Corporation, except such as are by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws expressly conferred upon or reserved to the stockholders. Section 2. Number and Term of Office; Removal . (a) Number. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by these By-Laws but in no event shall be less than three (3) or more than fifteen (15), with the exact number to be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. (b) Term. Each nominee elected by the stockholders at the 2007 annual meeting of the stockholders to serve as director shall hold office for a term commencing the date of the 2007 annual meeting, or such later date as determined by the Board of Directors, and ending on the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such director's successor is elected and qualified, or until such director's earlier resignation or removal. At each annual meeting of stockholders subsequent to the 2007 annual meeting of stockholders, each nominee elected by the stockholders to serve as director shall hold office for a term commencing on the date of the annual meeting, or such later date as shall be determined by the Board of Directors, and ending on the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such director's successor is elected and qualified, or until such director's earlier resignation or removal. (c) Removal. A director may be removed from office, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors and, subject to such removal, death, resignation, retirement or disqualification, shall hold office until such director's term expires and until such director's successor shall be elected and qualified. In no case shall a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director. The provisions of this Section 2 shall not apply to directors governed by Section 15 of this ARTICLE III. Section 3. Election of Directors . (a) Majority Voting. Except as provided in paragraph (b) below with respect to Contested Elections, each nominee shall be elected a director by a Majority Vote with respect to that nominee's election at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. For purposes of these By-Laws, a “Majority Vote” means that the number of votes cast in favor of a nominee must exceed the number of votes cast against that nominee's election. Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, will not count as a vote cast with respect to that nominee. (b) Contested Elections. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in any Contested Election. For purposes of these By-Laws, a “Contested Election” means an election of directors (i) for which the Secretary of the Corporation has received a notice that a stockholder has nominated a person for election to the Board of Directors in compliance with Section 10 of ARTICLE II of these By-Laws, and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn at least five days prior to the date the Corporation first mails the notice of meeting for such meeting to stockholders. -15- (c) Resignation and Replacement of Unsuccessful Incumbents. (i) In order for any person to become a nominee of the Board of Directors for service on the Board of Directors, such person must submit a resignation, contingent (A) on that person not receiving the required vote for re-election, and (B) acceptance of that resignation by the Board of Directors in accordance with policies and procedures adopted by the Board of Directors for such purposes. (ii) A resignation that becomes effective pursuant to subsection (c)(i) of this Section 3 shall provide that it is irrevocable. (iii) The Board of Directors, acting on the recommendation of the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance, shall within 90 days of receiving the certified results of the stockholder vote pertaining to such election, determine whether to accept the resignation of the unsuccessful incumbent. Absent a determination by the Board of Directors that it is in the best interests of the Corporation for an unsuccessful incumbent to remain as a director, no such person shall be elected by the Board to serve as a director, and the Board shall accept that person's resignation. (d) Acceptance of a Director's Resignation. If the Board of Directors accepts the resignation of a director who is an unsuccessful incumbent, or if in a non‑Contested Election a nominee for director who is not an incumbent director does not receive a Majority Vote, then the Board of Directors may fill the resulting vacancy pursuant to the provisions of Section 4 of ARTICLE III of these By-Laws, or may decrease the size of the Board of Directors pursuant to the provisions of Section 2 of ARTICLE III of these By-Laws. Section 4. Vacancies . Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors for any cause other than by reason of an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by the stockholders. Any vacancy occurring by reason of an increase in the number of directors may be filled by action of a majority of the entire Board of Directors or by the stockholders. A director elected by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy shall be elected to hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected and until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall have qualified. A director elected by the stockholders to fill a vacancy shall be elected to hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected and until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall have qualified. The provisions of this Section 4 shall not apply to directors governed by Section 15 of this ARTICLE III. Section 5. Resignations . A director may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect when the resignation is delivered unless the resignation specifies (a) a later effective date or (b) an effective date determined upon the happening of an event or events (including but not limited to a failure to receive the required vote in an election pursuant to Section 3 of ARTICLE III of these By-Laws, and the Board of Directors' acceptance of the resignation). -16- Section 6. Annual Meetings . The Board of Directors, as constituted following the vote of stockholders at any meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors, may hold its first meeting for the purpose of organization and the transaction of business, if a quorum be present, immediately after such meeting and at the same place, and notice of such meeting need not be given. Such first meeting may be held at any other time and place specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors or in a consent and waiver of notice thereof signed by all the directors. Section 7. Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such places and times as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board. Section 8. Special Meetings; Notice . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board or the President and shall be called by the Secretary upon the written request of any three directors, and each special meeting shall be held at such place and time as shall be specified in the notice thereof. At least 24 hours' notice of each such special meeting shall be given to each director personally or sent to him or her addressed to his or her residence or usual place of business by telephone, telegram or facsimile transmission, or at least 120 hours' notice of each such special meeting shall be given to each director by letter sent to him or her addressed as aforesaid or on such shorter notice and by such means, including electronic transmission, as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem reasonably necessary or appropriate in light of the circumstances. Any notice by letter or telegram shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail so addressed or when duly deposited at an appropriate office for transmission by telegram, as the case may be. Such notice need not state the business to be transacted at or the purpose or purposes of such special meeting. No notice of any such special meeting of the Board of Directors need be given to any director who attends in person or who, in writing executed and filed with the records of the meeting, either before or after the holding thereof, waives such notice. No notice need be given of an adjourned meeting of the Board of Directors. Section 9. Quorum and Manner of Acting . A majority of the total number of directors, but in no event less than two directors, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting, at which a quorum is present, shall be the act of the Board of Directors. In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum be had. Section 10. Consent in Writing . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if a written consent to such action is signed or transmitted electronically by all members of the Board or of such committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or such committee. -17- Section 11. Committees. (a) Executive Committee . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of a quorum of the Board, appoint an Executive Committee of not less than three members, each of whom shall be a director. The Executive Committee, to the extent permitted by law, shall have and may exercise when the Board of Directors is not in session all powers of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, including, without limitation, the power and authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock, except such Committee shall not have the power or authority (i) to approve, adopt, or recommend to stockholders any action or matter required by the [COMPANY] Law to be submitted for stockholder approval; or (ii) to adopt, amend, or repeal any By-Law of the Corporation. (b) Other Committees . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of a quorum of the Board, from time to time appoint such other committees as may be permitted by law. Such other committees appointed by the Board of Directors shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such committee, but in no event shall any such committee have the powers denied to the Executive Committee in these By-Laws. (c) Term . The members of all committees of the Board of Directors shall serve a term coexistent with that of the Board of Directors which shall have appointed such committees. The Board, subject to the provisions of subsections (a) or (b) of this Section 11, may at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee; provided that no committee shall consist of less than one member. The membership of a committee member shall terminate on the date of his or her death or voluntary resignation, but the Board may at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member and the Board may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of the committee. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. (d) Meetings . Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular meetings of the Executive Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant to this Section 11 shall be held at such times and places as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice thereof has been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter; special meetings of any such committee may be held at the principal office of the Corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section 2 of ARTICLE I hereof; or at any place which has been designated from time to time by resolution of such committee or by written consent of all members thereof, and may be called by any director who is a member of such committee, upon written notice to the members of such committee of -18- the time and place of such special meeting given in the manner provided for the giving of written notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and place of special meetings of the Board of Directors. Notice of any special meeting of any committee may be waived in writing at any time after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat. Fifty percent (50%) of the authorized number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee. Section 12. Telephone Meetings . The Board of Directors or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment if all members of the Board or of such committee, as the case may be, participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. Section 13. Compensation . The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and/or stated compensation as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings. Section 14. Interested Directors . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of the Corporation's directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his, her or their votes are counted for such purpose if (i) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified, by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. Section 15. Directors Elected by Special Class or Series . To the extent that any holders of any class or series of stock other than Common Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the separate right, voting as a class or series, to elect directors, the directors elected by such class or series shall be deemed to constitute an additional class of directors and shall have a term of office for one year or such other period as may be designated by the provisions of such class or series -19- providing such separate voting right to the holders of such class or series of stock, and any such class of directors shall be in addition to directors serving pursuant to Section 2 of this ARTICLE III. Any directors so elected shall be subject to removal in such manner as may be provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation of this Corporation. The provisions of Sections 2, 3 and 4 of this ARTICLE III do not apply to directors governed by this Section 15. ARTICLE IV Officers Section 1. Designation of Officers . The officers of the Corporation, who shall be chosen by the Board of Directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders, shall be a Chairman of the Board, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer, a Secretary and a Controller. The Board of Directors from time to time may choose such other officers as it shall deem appropriate. Any one person may hold any number of offices of the Corporation at any one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom by law. The Chairman of the Board and the President shall be chosen from among the directors; the other officers need not be directors. Section 2. Term of Office; Resignation; Removal . The term of office of each officer shall be until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and shall have qualified, or until his or her death, resignation or removal, whichever is sooner. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any officer may be removed at any time either with or without cause by the Board of Directors. Section 3. Vacancies . A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause, may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors. Section 4. Authority of Officers . Subject to the power of the Board of Directors in its discretion to change and redefine the duties of the officers of the Corporation by resolution in such manner as it may from time to time determine, the duties of the officers of the Corporation shall be as follows: (a) Chairman of the Board . The Chairman of the Board shall preside at meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. Subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, he or she shall generally manage the affairs of the Board and perform such other duties as are assigned by the Board. (b) President . The President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, and shall execute all the powers and perform all the duties usual to such office. Subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, he or she shall have the responsibility for the general management of the affairs of the Corporation. The President shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed or assigned to him or her from time to time by the Board of Directors. -20- (c) Other Officers . The other officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, as well as such powers and duties as the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee or the Chief Executive Officer may prescribe. Section 5. Divisional Titles . Any one of the Chief Executive Officer, President, or Vice President Human Resources and Administration (each one an “Appointing Person”), may from time to time confer upon any employee of a division of the Corporation the title of President, Vice President, Treasurer or Secretary of such division or any other divisional title or titles deemed appropriate. Any such titles so conferred may be discontinued and withdrawn at any time by any one Appointing Person. Any employee of a division designated by such a divisional title shall have the powers and duties with respect to such division as shall be prescribed by the Appointing Person. The conferring, withdrawal or discontinuance of divisional titles shall be in writing and shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation. Section 6. Salaries . The salaries and other compensation of the principal officers of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. ARTICLE V Execution of Corporate Instruments And Voting of Securities Owned By the Corporation Section 1. Execution of Instruments . The Board of Directors may in its discretion determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers or other person or persons, to execute any corporate instrument or document, or to sign the corporate name without limitation, except where otherwise provided by law, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the Corporation. All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositories on funds to the credit of the Corporation or in special accounts of the Corporation, shall be signed by such person or persons as the Treasurer or such other person designated by the Board of Directors for that purpose shall authorize so to do. Section 2. Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation . All stock and other securities of other corporations and business entities owned or held by the Corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized to do so by resolution of the Board of Directors. ARTICLE VI Shares of Stock and Other Securities Section 1. Form and Execution of Certificates . Certificates for the shares of stock of the Corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of stock in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), or by the President or any Vice President and by the Treasurer or Assistant -21- Treasurer or the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. If the Corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate which the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the [COMPANY] Law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate which the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Section 2. Lost Certificates . The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost or destroyed certificate or certificates, or such owner's legal representative, to indemnify the Corporation in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the Corporation a surety bond in such form and amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost or destroyed. Section 3. Transfers . Transfers of record of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized, and upon the surrender of a certificate or certificates for a like number of shares, properly endorsed. Section 4. Fixing Record Dates . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action. If no record date is fixed: (1) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (2) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in -22- writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is necessary, shall be the day on which the first written consent is expressed; (3) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. Section 5. Registered Stockholders . [COMPANY] shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. Section 6. Regulations . The Board of Directors may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock and other securities of the Corporation, and may appoint transfer agents and registrars of any class of stock or other securities of the Corporation. Section 7. Other Securities of the Corporation . All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities of the Corporation, other than stock certificates, may be signed by the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), or the President or any Vice President or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors and the corporate seal impressed thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted thereon and attested by the signature of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer; provided, however, that where any such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be authenticated by the manual signature of a trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be issued, the signature of the persons signing and attesting the corporate seal on such bond, debenture or other corporate security may be the imprinted facsimile of the signatures of such persons. Interest coupons appertaining to any such bond, debenture or other corporate security, authenticated by a trustee as aforesaid, shall be signed by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation, or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or bear imprinted thereon the facsimile signature of such person. In case any officer who shall have signed or attested any bond, debenture or other corporate security or whose facsimile signature shall appear thereon shall have ceased to be such officer before the bond, debenture or other corporate security so signed or attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the Corporation and issued and delivered as though the person who signed the same or whose facsimile signature shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the Corporation. -23- ARTICLE VII Corporate Seal The corporate seal shall consist of a die bearing the name of the Corporation and the state and date of its incorporation. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. ARTICLE VIII Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents Section 1. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings Other Than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation . Subject to Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. The right to indemnification conferred in this ARTICLE VIII shall be a contract right. Section 2. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation . Subject to Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the -24- adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 3. Authorization of Indemnification . Any indemnification under this ARTICLE VIII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this ARTICLE VIII, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made (i) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (ii) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (iii) by the stockholders. To the extent, however, that a director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he or she shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case. Section 4. Good Faith Defined . For purposes of any determination under Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, a person shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful, if his or her action is based on the records or books of account of the Corporation or another enterprise, or on information supplied to him or her by the officers of the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Corporation or another enterprise. The term “another enterprise” as used in this Section 4 shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. The provisions of this Section 4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 1 or 2 of this ARTICLE VIII, as the case may be. Section 5. Indemnification by a Court . Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII, and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any director or officer may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible under Sections 1 and 2 of this ARTICLE VIII. The basis of such indemnification by a court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standards of conduct set forth in Sections 1 or 2 of this ARTICLE VIII, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption that the director or officer seeking -25- indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. Notice of any application for indemnification pursuant to this Section 5 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application. If successful, in whole or in part, the director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such application. Section 6. Expenses Payable in Advance . Expenses incurred by a director or officer in defending or investigating a threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this ARTICLE VIII. Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by or granted pursuant to this ARTICLE VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any By-Law, agreement, contract, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or pursuant to the direction (howsoever embodied) of any court of competent jurisdiction or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification of the persons specified in Sections 1 and 2 of this ARTICLE VIII shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this ARTICLE VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Sections 1 or 2 of this ARTICLE VIII but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the [COMPANY] Law of the State of Delaware, or otherwise. Section 8. Insurance . [COMPANY] may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this ARTICLE VIII. Section 9. Certain Definitions . For purposes of this ARTICLE VIII, references to “the Corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this ARTICLE VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he or she would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this ARTICLE VIII, references to “fines” shall include -26- any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the Corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation” as referred to in this ARTICLE VIII. Section 10. Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this ARTICLE VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. Section 11. Limitation on Indemnification . Notwithstanding anything contained in this ARTICLE VIII to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 5 hereof), the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Section 12. Indemnification of Employees and Agents . [COMPANY] may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation similar to those conferred in this ARTICLE VIII to directors and officers of the Corporation. Section 13. Effect of Amendment . Any amendment, repeal or modification of this ARTICLE VIII shall not (a) adversely affect any right or protection of any director or officer existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification, or (b) apply to the indemnification of any such person for liability, expense, or loss stemming from actions or omissions occurring prior to such amendment, repeal, or modification. Section 14. Authority to Enter into Indemnification Agreements . [COMPANY] may enter into indemnification agreements with the directors and officers of the Corporation. ARTICLE IX Notices Whenever, under any provisions of these By-Laws, notice is required to be given to any stockholder, the same shall be given in writing, timely and duly deposited in the United States Mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to such stockholder's last known post office address as shown by the stock record of the Corporation or its transfer agent. Any notice required to be given to any director may be given by any of the methods stated in Section 8 of ARTICLE III hereof, except that such notice other than one which is delivered personally, shall be sent to such -27- address or (in the case of facsimile telecommunication) facsimile telephone number as such director shall have disclosed in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last known post office address of such director. If no address of a stockholder or director be known, such notice may be sent to the office of the Corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Section 2 of ARTICLE I hereof. An affidavit of mailing, executed by a duly authorized and competent employee of the Corporation or its transfer agent appointed with respect to the class of stock affected, specifying the name and address or the names and addresses of the stockholder or stockholders, director or directors, to whom any such notice or notices was or were given, and the time and method of giving the same, shall be conclusive evidence of the statements therein contained. All notices given by mail, as above provided, shall be deemed to have been given as at the time of mailing and all notices given by telegram or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been given as at the sending time recorded by the telegraph company or other electronic transmission equipment operator transmitting the same. It shall not be necessary that the same method of giving be employed in respect of all directors, but one permissible method may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of any other or others. The period or limitation of time within which any stockholder may exercise any option or right, or enjoy any privilege or benefit, or be required to act, or within which any director may exercise any power or right, or enjoy any privilege, pursuant to any notice sent such stockholder or such director in the manner above provided, shall not be affected or extended in any manner by the failure of such a stockholder or such director to receive such notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of this statute or of the Certificate of Incorporation, or of these By-Laws, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Whenever notice is required to be given, under any provision of law or of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Corporation, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the Corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate under any provision of the [COMPANY] Law, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. ARTICLE X Amendments The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, alter and repeal the By-Laws of the Corporation in whole or in part at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors, by vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The By-Laws may also be adopted, altered or repealed in whole or in part at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon. -28- Certificate of Secretary The undersigned, Associate General Counsel and Secretary of Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that the foregoing is a full, true and correct copy of the By-Laws of said Corporation, with all amendments to date of this Certificate. WITNESS the signature of the undersigned and the seal of the Corporation this 31 st day of July, 2013. /s/ Willie C. Bogan Willie C. Bogan Associate General Counsel and Secretary -29-
MCK_8K_Annual_Meeting_Exhibit 10.1_07.31.2013 Exhibit 10.1 MCKESSON CORPORATION 2013 STOCK PLAN TABLE OF CONTENTS Page 1. PURPOSE 1 2. ADMINISTRATION 1 3. ELIGIBILITY 3 4. STOCK 3 5. OPTIONS 4 6. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 6 7. RESTRICTED STOCK 8 8. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 9 9. OUTSIDE DIRECTOR AWARDS 11 10. PERFORMANCE SHARES 11 11. OTHER SHARE-BASED AWARDS 12 12. PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES 13 13. CHANGE IN CONTROL 14 14. AWARDS NOT TRANSFERABLE 16 15. RECAPITALIZATION 16 16. TERM OF PLAN 17 17. SECURITIES LAW REQUIREMENTS AND LIMITATION OF RIGHTS 17 18. AWARDS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES 18 19. BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION 18 20. AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN 18 21. RECOUPMENT 18 22. USE OF PROCEEDS FROM STOCK 18 23. APPROVAL OF STOCKHOLDERS 19 24. PAPERLESS ADMINISTRATION 19 25. GOVERNING LAW 19 26. INTERPRETATION 19 27. WITHHOLDING TAXES 20 28. DEFINITIONS 20 29. EFFECTIVE DATE; EXECUTION 24 1. [COMPANY] 2013 Stock Plan is intended to provide Employees and Directors the opportunity to receive equity-based, long-term incentives so that the Corporation may effectively attract and retain the best available personnel, promote the success of the Corporation by motivating Employees and Directors to superior performance, and align Employee and Director interests with those of the Corporation's stockholders. The Plan was adopted and approved by the Board on May 22, 2013, subject to the approval of the stockholders of the Corporation. 2. ADMINISTRATION. (a) Administration with respect to Outside Directors . With respect to Awards to Outside Directors, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Governance Committee of the Board; provided that such committee consists solely of Directors who qualify as “non-employee directors” for purposes of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or (B) the Board, in its discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all Awards made to members of the Governance Committee shall be approved by the Board. (b) Administration with respect to Employees . With respect to Awards to Employees, the Plan shall be administered by (i) the Compensation Committee of the Board; provided that such committee consists solely of Directors who qualify as “outside directors” for purposes of Code section 162(m) and “non-employee directors” for purposes of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, (ii) the Board in its discretion or (iii) in limited situations, by an officer or officers of the Corporation pursuant to Section 2(c). (c) Delegation of Authority . (i) The Compensation Committee or the Board in its discretion may delegate to a Director the authority to administer the Plan with respect to Awards made to Employees who are not subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. (ii) The Compensation Committee or the Board in its discretion may delegate to an officer or officers of the Corporation the authority to administer the Plan with respect to Awards granted to Employees who are not subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall an officer of the Corporation be delegated the authority to grant Awards to, or amend Awards held by, the following individuals: (A) individuals who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, (B) Covered Employees with respect to Awards intended to constitute qualified performance-based compensation, within the meaning 1 of Code section 162(m) or (C) officers of the Corporation (or Directors) to whom authority to grant or amend Awards has been delegated hereunder; provided however , that any delegation of administrative authority shall only be permitted to the extent it is permissible under Code section 162(m) and applicable securities laws or the rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are listed, quoted or traded. (iv) Any delegation hereunder shall be subject to the restrictions and limits that the Compensation Committee or the Board specifies, and such Administrator may at any time rescind the authority so delegated or appoint a new delegatee. At all times, the delegatee appointed under this Section 2(c) shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of such Administrator. (d) Powers of the Administrator . The Administrator shall have the authority, in its sole discretion, subject to and not inconsistent with the express terms and provisions of the Plan, to administer the Plan and to exercise all the powers and authorities either specifically granted to it under the Plan or necessary or advisable in the administration of the Plan. The Administrator shall have the authority in its sole discretion to determine the following, without limitation: (i) the Employees and Directors who shall be granted Awards; (ii) the number of Shares to be subject to each Award; (iii)the vesting or acceleration of Awards; (iv) whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances an Award may be settled, or the exercise price of an Award may be paid, in cash, Shares, other Awards, or other property; (v) whether and to what extent an Award may be canceled, forfeited, or surrendered; (vi) the form of each Award Agreement, which need not be identical for each Participant; (vii) the designation of Options as Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options; and (viii) all other conditions of Awards to Employees and Directors. The Administrator shall have the power to interpret the Plan and all Award Agreements, and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are not inconsistent with the Plan, and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. The Administrator shall have the full power and authority, in its sole discretion, to supervise the administration of the Plan, to make factual determinations relevant to Plan entitlements, to adopt subplans applicable to specified Affiliates or locations and to take all actions in connection with the administration of the Plan as it deems necessary or advisable. The Administrator shall have, subject to the terms and conditions and within the limitations of the Plan, the authority to modify, extend or renew outstanding Awards granted to Employees and Directors under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) in no event shall the term of any Option or Stock Appreciation Right be modified, extended or renewed to have a duration that goes beyond the original expiration date of such Award and (ii) no modification of an Award shall, without the consent of the Participant, impair the Participant's rights under any Award previously granted under the Plan. 2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator shall have no authority to cash out or otherwise cancel in exchange for consideration any outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with an exercise price that is in excess of the then Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares. In addition, without the consent of the stockholders of the Corporation, except as provided in Section 15, the Administrator shall have no authority to take any action that would constitute the repricing of any outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights under the Plan, whether by (i) a reduction in the exercise price, (ii) the cancellation of any outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights and the grant in substitution therefor of Options or Stock Appreciation Rights covering the same or different numbers of Shares, (iii) the exchange of any outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights for other Awards or (iv) any other method. The interpretation and construction by the Administrator of any provisions of the Plan or of any Award shall be final and binding on all persons. No member of a Committee shall be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Award. 3. ELIGIBILITY. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, Awards may be granted to Employees and Directors (“Eligible Persons”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, only employees of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries may be granted Incentive Stock Options. 4. STOCK. (a) Share Reserve . Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15, the aggregate number of Shares reserved for issuance under the Plan shall be the sum of (i) thirty million (30,000,000) Shares, (ii) the number of Shares reserved but unissued as of the Effective Date under the Corporation's 2005 Stock Plan, as amended and restated effective July 28, 2010 (the “Prior Plan”), and (iii) the number of Shares which become available for reuse following the Effective Date under the Prior Plan; provided that, as of the Effective Date, no further awards shall be made pursuant to the Prior Plan. Such Shares shall be shares of the Corporation's authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock bought on the market or otherwise. (b) Plan Limitation; Incentive Stock Option Limitation . Notwithstanding any other provision of Section 4, for any one Share issued in connection with a Full Value Award, three and one-half (3.5) Shares shall no longer be available for issuance in connection with future Awards. The maximum number of Shares that may be subject to Incentive Stock Options shall be equal to one million (1,000,000). 3 (c) Individual Limitations . A Participant may receive more than one Award, including Awards of the same type, but only on the terms and subject to the restrictions set forth in the Plan. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15, (i) the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be subject to Full Value Awards granted to a Participant in any fiscal year of the Corporation is five hundred thousand (500,000) and (ii) the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be subject to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights granted to a Participant in any fiscal year of the Corporation is one million (1,000,000). Determinations made in respect of the limitation set forth in the preceding sentence shall be made in a manner consistent with Code section 162(m). (d) Reuse of Shares . If any Shares subject to an Award are forfeited, cancelled, exchanged or surrendered or if an Award otherwise terminates or expires without a distribution of Shares to the Participant, the Shares with respect to such Award shall, to the extent of any such forfeiture, cancellation, exchange, surrender, termination or expiration, again be available for Awards under the Plan at the same rate that such Shares were issued in accordance with Section 4(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) Shares that are exchanged by a Participant or withheld by the Company or any Subsidiary as full or partial payment in connection with the exercise or settlement of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right under the Plan, including the satisfaction of the tax withholding obligations related to such exercise or settlement of any Option or Stock Appreciation Right, shall not be available for subsequent Awards under the Plan, (ii) notwithstanding that a Stock Appreciation Right is settled by the delivery of a net number of Shares, the full number of Shares underlying such Stock Appreciation Right shall not be available for subsequent Awards under the Plan, and (iii) Shares repurchased on the open market with the proceeds of an Exercise Price shall not again be made available for issuance under the Plan. In addition, (x) Shares withheld by the Company or any Subsidiary to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to the vesting or settlement of any Full Value Award shall again be available for grants of Awards pursuant to the Plan, (y) to the extent an Award is paid or settled in cash, the number of Shares with respect to which such payment or settlement is made shall again be available for grants of Awards pursuant to the Plan and (z) Shares underlying Awards that can only be settled in cash shall not be counted against the aggregate number of Shares available for Awards under the Plan. 5. OPTIONS. (a) Grants . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator shall have sole and complete authority to determine the Eligible Persons to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Options will be made, the number of Options to be awarded, and all other terms and conditions of the Options. Options granted to Employees and Directors pursuant to the Plan shall be evidenced by Option Agreements in such form as the Administrator shall determine. Options shall be designated as 4 Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options and shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: (b) Number of Shares . Each Option shall state the number of Shares to which it pertains, which shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 15. (c) Exercise Price . Each Option shall state the Exercise Price, which shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant, and which shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 15. (d) Method of Payment . An Option may be exercised, in whole or in part, by giving notice of exercise in the manner prescribed by the Corporation specifying the number of Shares to be purchased. Such notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the Exercise Price in cash or, if acceptable to the Administrator in its sole discretion (i) in Shares already owned by the Participant (including, without limitation, by attestation to the ownership of such Shares), (ii) by the withholding and surrender of Shares subject to the Option, or (iii) by delivery (in a manner prescribed by the Administrator) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker approved by the Administrator to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Corporation in payment of all or part of the purchase price and any withholding taxes. Payment may also be made in any other form approved by the Administrator, consistent with applicable law, regulations and rules. (e) Term and Exercise of Options . Each Option shall state the time or times when it may become exercisable. No Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of seven years from the date it is granted. In addition, no Option shall provide for a reload of such Option upon its exercise. (f) Termination of Employment . Each Option Agreement shall set forth the extent to which the Participant shall have the right to exercise the Option following termination of the Participant's employment or service with the Corporation and its Affiliates. Such provisions shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator, need not be uniform among all Options issued pursuant to the Plan, and may reflect distinctions based on the reasons for termination of employment. Unless otherwise provided in Section 2(d) and the Option Agreement, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, extend the post-termination exercise period with respect to an Option (but not beyond the original term of such Option). 5 (g) Rights as a Stockholder . A Participant or a permitted transferee of a Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares covered by his or her Option until the date of issuance of such Shares. Except as provided in Section 15, no adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Shares are issued. (h) Limitations for Incentive Stock Option Awards . If and to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date the Option is granted) of the Shares with respect to which any Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by a Participant during any calendar year under this Plan and all other plans maintained by the Corporation, its parent or its Subsidiaries exceeds $100,000, the Options covering Shares in excess of such amount (taking into account the order in which the Options were granted) shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. An Employee who owns more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Corporation, its parent or any of its Subsidiaries is not eligible to receive an Incentive Stock Option pursuant to this Plan unless the Exercise Price of the Incentive Stock Option is at least 110% of the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares on the date of grant and the term of the option does not exceed five years. For purposes of this Section 5(h) the stock ownership of an Employee shall be determined pursuant to Code section 424(d). (i) Other Terms and Conditions . The Option Agreement may contain such other terms and conditions, including restrictions or conditions on the vesting of the Option or the conditions under which the Option may be forfeited, as may be determined by the Administrator that are not inconsistent with the Plan. In no event shall any Option under the Plan be granted with a related right to receive dividend equivalents. 6. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. (a) Grants . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator shall have sole and complete authority to determine the Eligible Persons to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Stock Appreciation Rights will be made, the number of Stock Appreciation Rights to be awarded, and all other terms and conditions of the Stock Appreciation Rights. Stock Appreciation Rights granted to Employees pursuant to the Plan may be granted alone, in addition to, or in conjunction with, Options. Stock Appreciation Rights shall be evidenced by Stock Appreciation Right Agreements in such form as the Administrator shall determine and shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 6 (b) Number of Shares . Each Stock Appreciation Right shall state the number of Shares to which it pertains, which shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 15. (c) Calculation of Appreciation: Exercise Price . The amount payable on the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right will be equal to the excess of (i) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right) of a number of Shares equal to the number of Shares with respect to which the Participant exercised such Stock Appreciation Right on such date, over (ii) the aggregate Exercise Price, which shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to such right on the date of grant and which shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 15. (d) Term and Exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights . Each Stock Appreciation Right shall state the time or times when it may become exercisable. No Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable after the expiration of seven years from the date it is granted. In addition, no Stock Appreciation Right shall provide for a reload of such Stock Appreciation Right upon its exercise. (e) Payment . The amount to be paid in respect of a Stock Appreciation Right may be paid in Common Stock or in cash, or any combination of the two, or in any other form of consideration as determined by the Administrator and contained in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. (f) Termination of Employment . Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement shall set forth the extent to which the Participant shall have the right to exercise the Stock Appreciation Right following termination of the Participant's employment or service with the Corporation and its Affiliates. Such provisions shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator, need not be uniform among all Stock Appreciation Right Agreements entered into pursuant to the Plan, and may reflect distinctions based on the reasons for termination of employment. (g) Rights as a Stockholder . A Participant or a transferee of a Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares covered by his or her Stock Appreciation Right until the date of issuance of such Shares. Except as provided in Section 15, no adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Shares are issued. 7 (h) Other Terms and Conditions . The Stock Appreciation Right Agreement may contain such other terms and conditions, including restrictions or conditions on the vesting of the Stock Appreciation Right or the conditions under which the Stock Appreciation Right may be forfeited, as may be determined by the Administrator that are not inconsistent with the Plan. In no event shall any Stock Appreciation Right under the Plan be granted with a related right to receive dividend equivalents. 7. RESTRICTED STOCK. (a) Grants . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator shall have sole and complete authority to determine the Eligible Persons to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Restricted Stock will be made, the number of shares of Restricted Stock to be awarded, the price (if any) to be paid by the recipient of Restricted Stock, the time or times within which such Awards may be subject to forfeiture, and all other terms and conditions of the Awards. The Administrator may condition the grant of Restricted Stock upon the attainment of specified performance objectives established by the Administrator pursuant to Section 12 or such other factors as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion. The terms of each Restricted Stock Award shall be set forth in a Restricted Stock Agreement between the Corporation and the Participant, which Agreement shall contain such provisions as the Administrator determines to be necessary or appropriate to carry out the intent of the Plan. A book entry shall be made in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent for each Participant receiving a Restricted Stock Award. Alternatively, such Participant shall be issued a stock certificate in respect of such shares of Restricted Stock. If a certificate is issued, it shall be registered in the name of such Participant, and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Award. The Administrator shall require that stock certificates evidencing such shares be held by the Corporation until the restrictions lapse and that, as a condition of any Restricted Stock Award, the Participant shall deliver to the Corporation a “stock assignment separate from certificate” relating to the stock covered by such Award. (b) Restrictions and Conditions . The shares of each Restricted Stock Award shall be subject to the following restrictions and conditions: (i) During a period set by the Administrator commencing with the date of such Award (the “Restriction Period”), the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or encumber shares of Restricted Stock, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. Within these limits, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may provide for the lapse of 8 such restrictions in installments and may accelerate or waive such restrictions in whole or in part, based on service, performance, a Change in Control or such other factors or criteria as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion. (ii) Except as provided in this paragraph (ii) and paragraph (i) above, the Participant shall have, with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock, all of the rights of a stockholder of the Corporation, including the right to vote the shares and the right to receive any cash dividends. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, as determined at the time of Award, may provide that the payment of cash dividends shall or may be deferred and, if the Administrator so determines, invested in additional shares of Restricted Stock to the extent available under Section 4, or otherwise invested. Stock dividends issued with respect to Restricted Stock shall be treated as additional shares of Restricted Stock that are subject to the same restrictions and other terms and conditions that apply to the shares with respect to which such dividends are issued. (iii) The Administrator shall specify the conditions under which shares of Restricted Stock may be forfeited and such conditions shall be set forth in the Restricted Stock Agreement. (iv) If and when the Restriction Period applicable to shares of Restricted Stock expires without a prior forfeiture of the Restricted Stock, an appropriate book entry recording the Participant's interest in unrestricted Shares shall be entered on the records of the Corporation's transfer agent or, if appropriate, certificates for an appropriate number of unrestricted Shares shall be delivered promptly to the Participant, and the certificates for the shares of Restricted Stock shall be canceled. 8. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. (a) Grants . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator shall have sole and complete authority to determine the Eligible Persons to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Restricted Stock Units will be made, the number of Restricted Stock Units to be awarded, the price (if any) to be paid by the recipient of the Restricted Stock Units, the time or times within which such Restricted Stock Units may be subject to forfeiture, and all other terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Unit Awards. The Administrator may condition the grant of Restricted Stock Unit Awards upon the attainment of specified performance objectives established by the Administrator pursuant to Section 12 or such other factors as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion. 9 The terms of each Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be set forth in a Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement between the Corporation and the Participant, which Agreement shall contain such provisions as the Administrator determines to be necessary or appropriate to carry out the intent of the Plan. No book entry shall be made in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent for a Participant receiving a Restricted Stock Unit Award, nor shall such Participant be issued a stock certificate in respect of such Restricted Stock Units, and the Participant shall have no right to or interest in shares of Common Stock of the Corporation as a result of the grant of Restricted Stock Units. (b) Restrictions and Conditions . Each Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be subject to the following restrictions and conditions: (i) At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Administrator may impose such restrictions or conditions on the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, as the Administrator deems appropriate. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may provide for the lapse of such restrictions in installments and may accelerate or waive such restrictions in whole or in part, based on service, performance, a Change in Control or such other factors or criteria as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion. (ii) Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of Restricted Stock Units, as the Administrator deems appropriate. In the discretion of the Administrator, such dividend equivalents may be credited on behalf of the Participant to a book account denominated in cash (in a manner prescribed by the Administrator and in compliance with Code section 409A) or converted into additional Restricted Stock Units by dividing (A) the aggregate amount or value of the dividends paid with respect to that number of Shares equal to the number of Restricted Stock Units credited as of the record date for such dividend by (B) the Fair Market Value per Share on the payment date for such dividend. In the discretion of the Administrator, any dividend equivalents denominated in cash may be credited with interest at a rate determined by the Administrator in its discretion. Any additional Restricted Stock Units credited by reason of such dividend equivalents shall be subject to the same terms and conditions that apply to the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award to which they relate. (iii) The Administrator shall specify the conditions under which Restricted Stock Units may be forfeited and such conditions shall be set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 10 9. OUTSIDE DIRECTOR AWARDS. Each Outside Director may be granted a Restricted Stock Unit Award on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders for up to 5,000 Shares, as determined by the Board. Such limitation is subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be fully vested on the date of grant and shall be settled in Shares on the grant date; provided , however , that if the Corporation determines that the Outside Director will not satisfy the stock ownership guidelines then in effect for Outside Directors on the last day of the deferral election period applicable to such Award under Code section 409A, the delivery of the underlying Shares shall be automatically deferred until such time as the Director incurs a Separation from Service, and subject to any other terms and conditions prescribed by the Administrator and in compliance with Code section 409A (the “Automatic Deferral Requirement”). Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the Automatic Deferral Requirement, as the Administrator deems appropriate. Such dividend equivalents may be credited on behalf of the Participant to a book account denominated in cash (in a manner prescribed by the Administrator and in compliance with Code section 409A) or converted into additional Restricted Stock Units by dividing (a) the aggregate amount or value of the dividends paid with respect to that number of Shares equal to the number of Restricted Stock Units credited as of the record date for such dividend by (b) the Fair Market Value per Share on the payment date for such dividend. The additional Restricted Stock Units credited by reason of such dividend equivalents shall be subject to the same terms and conditions that apply to the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award to which they relate. Other terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Unit Awards granted to Outside Directors shall be determined by the Administrator subject to the provisions of Section 9 and the Plan. 10. PERFORMANCE SHARES. (a) Grants . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator shall have sole and complete authority to determine the Employees to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Performance Shares will be made, the number of Performance Shares to be awarded, the price (if any) to be paid by the recipient of the Performance Shares, the time or times within which such Performance Shares may be subject to forfeiture, and all other terms and conditions of the Performance Shares. The terms of Performance Shares shall be set forth in a Performance Share Agreement between the Corporation and the Participant, which Agreement shall contain such provisions as the Administrator determines to be necessary or appropriate to carry out the intent of the Plan. No book entry shall be made in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent for a Participant receiving a Performance Share Award nor shall certificate for shares of Common Stock be issued at the time the grant is made, and the Participant shall have no right to or interest in shares of Common Stock of the Corporation as a result of the grant of Performance Shares. 11 (b) Restrictions and Conditions . Each Performance Share Award shall be subject to the following restrictions and conditions: The Administrator may condition the grant of Performance Shares upon the attainment of specified performance objectives established by the Administrator pursuant to Section 12 or such other factors as the Administrator may determine, in its sole discretion or the Administrator may, at the time of grant of a Performance Share Award, set performance objectives in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, shall determine the number of Performance Shares that shall be paid out to the Participant. In either case, the time period during which the performance objectives must be met is called the “Performance Period.” After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the recipient of the Performance Shares shall be entitled to receive the number of Performance Shares earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which the corresponding performance objectives have been achieved, and which shares may be subject to additional vesting. To the extent that any dividend equivalents are credited to a Participant in respect of Performance Shares (either in the discretion of the Administrator to a book account denominated in cash (in a manner prescribed by the Administrator and in compliance with Code section 409A) or converted into additional Performance Shares by dividing (i) the aggregate amount or value of the dividends paid with respect to that number of Shares equal to the number of Performance Shares credited as of the record date for such dividend by (ii) the Fair Market Value per Share on the payment date for such dividend), any additional Performance Shares or cash-denominated dividend equivalents credited shall be subject to the same terms and conditions that apply to the underlying Performance Share Award to which they relate. In the discretion of the Administrator, any dividend equivalents denominated in cash may be credited with interest at a rate determined by the Administrator in its discretion. Except as required under Code section 162(m), after the grant of Performance Shares the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objective for such Performance Shares. 11. OTHER SHARE-BASED AWARDS. (a) Grants . Other Awards of Shares and other Awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based on, Shares (“Other Share-Based Awards”), may be granted either alone or in addition to or in conjunction with other Awards under this Plan. Other Share-Based Awards may include (without limitation) the grant of Shares conditioned upon some specified event, the payment of cash based upon the performance of the Common Stock or the grant of securities convertible into Common Stock. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator shall have sole and complete authority to determine the Eligible Persons to whom and the time or times at which Other Share-Based Awards shall be made, the number of Shares or other securities, if any, to be granted pursuant to Other Share-Based Awards, and all other conditions of the Other Share-Based Awards. The Administrator may condition the grant of an Other Share-Based Award upon the attainment of specified performance goals or such other factors as the Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion. 12 In granting an Other Share-Based Award, the Administrator may determine that the recipient of an Other Share-Based Award shall be entitled to receive, currently or on a deferred basis, interest or dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to the Shares or other securities covered by the Award, and the Administrator may provide that such amounts (if any) shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or otherwise reinvested; provided , that no dividends or dividend equivalents may be paid or accrued during a performance period. The terms of any Other Share-Based Award shall be set forth in an Other Share-Based Award Agreement between the Corporation and the Participant, which Agreement shall contain such provisions as the Administrator determines to be necessary or appropriate to carry out the intent of the Plan. (b) Termination of Employment . The Other Share-Based Award Agreement shall contain provisions dealing with the disposition of such Award in the event of termination of the Employee's employment or the Director's service prior to the exercise, realization or payment of such Award, and the Administrator in its sole discretion may provide for payment of the Award in the event of the Participant's termination of employment or service with the Corporation or a Change in Control, with such provisions to take account of the specific nature and purpose of the Award. 12. PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES. The Administrator shall determine the terms and conditions of Awards at the date of grant or thereafter; provided that performance objectives, if any, for each Award granted to a Covered Employee shall be established by the Administrator not later than the latest date permissible under Code section 162(m). To the extent that such Awards are granted to Covered Employees, the performance criteria to be used shall be any of the following, either alone or in any combination, which may be expressed with respect to the Corporation or one or more operating units or groups, as the Compensation Committee may determine: cash flow; cash flow from operations; total earnings; earnings per share, diluted or basic; earnings per share from continuing operations, diluted or basic; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization; earnings from operations; net asset turnover; inventory turnover; capital expenditures; net earnings; operating earnings; gross or operating margin; debt; working capital; return on equity; return on net assets; return on total assets; return on investment; return on capital; return on committed capital; return on invested capital; return on sales; net or gross sales; market share; economic value added; cost of capital; change in assets; expense reduction levels; debt reduction; productivity; stock price; customer satisfaction; employee satisfaction; total shareholder return; average invested capital; credit rating; gross margin; improvement in workforce diversity; operating expenses; operating expenses as a percentage of revenue; and succession plan development and implementation. In addition, such performance goals may be based upon the attainment of specified levels of the Corporation's performance under one or more of the measures described above relative to the performance of other corporations, may be (but need not be) different from year-to-year, and different performance objectives may be applicable to different Participants. 13 Performance objectives may be determined on an absolute basis or relative to internal goals or relative to levels attained in prior years or related to other companies or indices or as ratios expressing relationships between two or more performance objectives. The Administrator shall specify the manner of adjustment of any performance objective to the extent necessary to prevent dilution or enlargement of any Award as a result of extraordinary events or circumstances, as determined by the Administrator, or to exclude the effects of extraordinary, unusual, or non-recurring items; changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles; currency fluctuations; discontinued operations; non-cash items, such as amortization, depreciation, or reserves; asset impairment; or any recapitalization, restructuring, reorganization, merger, acquisition, divestiture, consolidation, spin-off, split-up, combination, liquidation, dissolution, sale of assets, or other similar corporate transaction. 13. CHANGE IN CONTROL. (a) The occurrence of a Change in Control shall not alone result in the accelerated vesting and exercisability of an Award unless otherwise provided in an Award agreement; provided , that an Award agreement may provide for full vesting and exercisability in the event of a qualifying termination of service with the Corporation (or a successor thereto) that occurs in connection with a Change in Control. (b) A “Change in Control” of the Corporation shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the events set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall occur: (i) Any “person” (as such term is used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), excluding the Corporation or any of its affiliates, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Corporation or any of its affiliates, an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or a Corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Corporation in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Corporation, is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Corporation's then outstanding securities, excluding any person who becomes a beneficial owner in connection with a transaction described in clauses (A) or (B) of subparagraph (iii) below, and excluding from the securities beneficially owned by such person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates; or (ii) The following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of Directors then serving: individuals who, on the date hereof, constitute the Board and any new Director (other than a Director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election 14 contest, including but not limited to a consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors of the Corporation) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Corporation's stockholders was approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors on the date the Plan was originally adopted by the Board or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended; or (iii) There is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Corporation with any other corporation, other than (A) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Corporation, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Corporation or such surviving entity or parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Corporation (or similar transaction) in which no person acquires more than 30% of the combined voting power of the Corporation's then outstanding securities; or (iv) The stockholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Corporation or there is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporation's assets, other than a sale or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporation's assets immediately following which the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to represent at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the entity to which such assets are sold or disposed or any parent thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the holders of the Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. 15 14. AWARDS NOT TRANSFERABLE. An Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall, during a Participant's lifetime, be exercisable only by the Participant, and no Award shall be transferable by Participant by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution and in no event shall an Award be transferrable by the Participant for consideration. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing: (i) unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, a Participant may designate a beneficiary to succeed, after the Participant's death, to all of the Participant's Awards outstanding on the date of death; (ii) an Award (other than an Incentive Stock Option) may be transferable pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act; and (iii) any Participant who is a senior executive officer recommended by the Chief Executive Officer and approved by the Administrator may voluntarily transfer any Award (other than an Incentive Stock Option) to a Family Member as a gift or through a transfer to an entity in which more than 50% of the voting interests are owned by Family Members (or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity and no other consideration. No transfer of an Award shall be effective to bind the Corporation unless the Committee shall have been furnished with written notice thereof and with a copy of the will and/or such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer and an agreement by the transferee to comply with all the terms and conditions of the Award that are or would have been applicable to the Participant and to be bound by the acknowledgments made by the Participant in connection with the grant of the Award. In the event of any attempt by a Participant to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of an Award or of any right thereunder, except as provided herein, or in the event of the levy of any attachment, execution, or similar process upon the rights or interest hereby conferred, the Corporation at its election may terminate the affected Award by notice to the Participant and the Award shall thereupon become null and void. 15. RECAPITALIZATION. In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, stock, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or share exchange, or other similar corporate transaction or event, affects the Common Stock, the Administrator shall make such equitable changes or adjustments as it deems necessary or appropriate to any or all of (i) the number and kind of shares which may thereafter be issued in connection with respect to Awards pursuant to the Plan, (ii) the number and kind of shares or other property, including cash, issued or issuable in respect of outstanding Awards, (iii) the exercise price, grant price or purchase price relating to any Award, and (iv) the limitations set forth in Sections 3, 4 and 9; provided that with respect to Incentive Stock Options such adjustment shall be made in accordance with Code section 424, and provided further that no such adjustment shall cause any Award hereunder which is or becomes subject to Code section 409A to fail to comply with the requirements of such section. 16 16. TERM OF PLAN. Awards may be granted pursuant to the Plan until May 22, 2023, unless the Plan is earlier terminated by the Board. 17. SECURITIES LAW REQUIREMENTS AND LIMITATION OF RIGHTS. (a) Securities Law . No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the Plan unless and until the Corporation has determined that: (i) it and the Participant have taken all actions required to register the Shares under the Securities Act of 1933 or perfected an exemption from registration; (ii) any applicable listing requirement of any stock exchange on which the Common Stock is listed has been satisfied; and (iii) any other applicable provision of federal, state, local or foreign securities or other law, rule or regulation has been satisfied. Without limiting the foregoing, the Corporation shall have no obligation to issue or deliver Shares or other benefits subject to Awards granted under the Plan prior to (x) obtaining any approvals from government agencies that the Corporation determines are necessary or advisable, and (y) completion of any registration or other qualification with respect to the Shares under applicable law in the United States or in a jurisdiction outside of the United States or ruling of any governmental body that the Corporation determines is necessary or advisable or at a time when any such registration or qualification is not current, has been suspended or otherwise has ceased to be effective. The inability or impracticability of the Corporation to obtain or maintain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Corporation's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Corporation of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained, and shall constitute circumstances in which the Corporation may determine to amend or cancel Awards pertaining to such Shares, with or without consideration to the affected Participants. (b) No Employment Rights . Neither the Plan nor any Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give any individual a right to remain employed by the Corporation or an Affiliate or to remain in service as a [COMPANY] and its Affiliates reserve the right to terminate the employment of any Employee at any time, with or without cause or for no cause, subject only to a written employment contract (if any), and the Board reserves the right to terminate a Director's membership on the Board for cause in accordance with the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation. (c) Stockholders' Rights . Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, a Participant shall have no dividend rights, voting rights or other rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares covered by his or her Award prior to an appropriate book entry recording the Participant's interest in Shares being entered on the records of the Corporation's transfer agent or, if appropriate, the issuance of a stock certificate for such 17 Shares. No adjustment shall be made for cash dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date when such book entry is made or such certificate is issued. 18. AWARDS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. The Administrator shall have the authority to adopt such modifications, rules, procedures and subplans as may be necessary or desirable to facilitate compliance with the provisions of the laws and procedures of foreign countries in which the Corporation or its Affiliates may operate, for the purposes of taking advantage of tax favorable treatment and to assure the viability of the benefits of Awards made to Participants employed in such countries and to meet the intent of the Plan. 19. BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION. Participants and their Beneficiaries may designate on the prescribed form one or more Beneficiaries to whom distribution shall be made of any Award outstanding at the time of the Participant's or Beneficiary's death. A Participant or Beneficiary may change such designation at any time by filing the prescribed form with the Administrator. If a Beneficiary has not been designated or if no designated Beneficiary survives the Participant, distribution shall be made to the Participant's spouse, or if none, the Participant's children in equal shares, or if none, to the residuary beneficiary under the terms of the Participant's or Beneficiary's last will and testament or, in the absence of a last will and testament, to the Participant's or Beneficiary's estate as Beneficiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may prescribe specific methods, restrictions on or eliminate beneficiary designations made by Participants or Beneficiaries located outside of the United States. 20. AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN. The Board may, at any time, suspend or terminate the Plan and the Board or Compensation Committee may revise or amend it in any respect whatsoever; provided , however , that stockholder approval shall be required for any such amendment if and to the extent such approval is required in order to comply with applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Nothing herein shall restrict the Committee's ability to exercise its discretionary authority granted pursuant to the Plan, which discretion may be exercised without amendment to the Plan. No amendment hereunder may, without the consent of a Participant, reduce the Participant's rights under any outstanding Award. 21. RECOUPMENT. Awards are subject to the Corporation's Compensation Recoupment Policy, as amended from time to time, which is hereby incorporated by reference into this Plan. 22. USE OF PROCEEDS FROM STOCK. Proceeds from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to Awards shall constitute general funds of the Corporation. 18 23. APPROVAL OF STOCKHOLDERS. This Plan and any amendments requiring stockholder approval shall be subject to approval by the affirmative vote of the stockholders. Such vote shall be taken at the first annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation following the adoption of the Plan or of any such amendments, or any adjournment of such meeting. 24. PAPERLESS ADMINISTRATION. In the event that the Corporation establishes, for itself or using the services of a third party, an automated system for the documentation, granting or exercise of Awards, such as a system using an internet website or interactive voice response, then the paperless documentation, granting or exercise of Awards by a Participant may be permitted through the use of such an automated system. 25. GOVERNING LAW. The law of the State of Delaware shall govern all question concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of the Plan, without regard to the state's conflict of laws rules. 26. INTERPRETATION. The Plan is designed and intended to comply with Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, Code section 162(m) and Code section 409A, to the extent subject thereto, as well as the guidance promulgated under such provisions, and all provisions hereof shall be construed in a manner to so comply. Any payments described in the Plan that are due within the “short-term deferral period” as defined in Code section 409A shall not be treated as deferred compensation unless applicable law requires otherwise. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Code section 409A, the Participant shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Corporation for purposes of the Plan and no payment shall be due to the Participant under the Plan or any Award until the Participant would be considered to have incurred a Separation from Service within the meaning of Code section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Code section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to the Plan during the six-month period immediately following the Participant's termination of employment shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six months following the Participant's Separation from Service (or upon the Participant's death, if earlier). In addition, for purposes of the Plan, each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided to the Participant pursuant to the Plan which constitutes deferred compensation subject to Code section 409A shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Code section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for each Award that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Code section 409A, if required to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties, a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred for purposes of the payment or settlement of such Award under the Plan only if a “change in the ownership of the corporation,” a “change in effective control of the corporation” or 19 a “change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the corporation,” within the meaning of Code section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) shall also be deemed to have occurred under Code section 409A. 27. WITHHOLDING TAXES. (a) General . To the extent required by applicable law, the recipient of any payment or distribution under the Plan shall make arrangements acceptable to the Corporation for the satisfaction of any required income tax, social insurance, payroll tax or other tax related to withholding obligations that arise by reason of such payment or distribution. [COMPANY] shall not be required to make such payment or distribution until such obligations are satisfied. (b) Withholding of Shares . The Administrator may permit a Participant who exercises an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, who vests in another Award or who receives Shares in settlement of another Award to satisfy all or part of his or her withholding tax obligations by having the Corporation withhold from the Shares that otherwise would be issued to him or her under such Awards shares of Common Stock having a value equal to or less than the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld. Such shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date on which the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. No fractional Shares shall be withheld but the number of Shares withheld shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share. The payment of withholding taxes by surrendering Shares to the Corporation, if permitted by the Administrator, shall be subject to such additional restrictions as the Administrator may impose. 28. DEFINITIONS. (a) “ Administrator ” means either of the Committees appointed to administer the Plan, the Board in its discretion or, if applicable, an officer of the Corporation appointed to administer the Plan in accordance with Section 2(c). (b) “ Affiliate ” means any entity, whether a corporation, partnership, joint venture or other organization that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Corporation. (c) “ Award ” means any award of an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares or an Other Share-Based Award under the Plan. (d) “ Beneficiary ” means a person designated as such by a Participant or a Beneficiary for purposes of the Plan or determined with reference to Section 19. 20 (e) “ Board ” means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. (f) “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (g) “ Committee ” means the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “Compensation Committee”) or the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance of the Board (the “Governance Committee”), or both, as applicable. (h) “ Common Stock ” means the $0.01 par value common stock of the Corporation. (i) “ Corporation ” means Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation. (j) “ Covered Employee ” shall have the meaning provided under Code section 162(m). (k) “ Director ” means a member of the Board. (l) “ Effective Date ” means the date on which the Plan was approved by the Corporation's stockholders, which is July 31, 2013. (m) “ Employee ” means an individual employed by the Corporation or an Affiliate (within the meaning of Code section 3401 and the regulations thereunder). (n) “ Exchange Act ” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. (o) “ Exercise Price ” means the price per Share at which an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised. (p) “ Fair Market Value ” of a Share as of a specified date means (i) if the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange, the closing price on such date as reported by such stock exchange (for example, on its official web site, such as www.nyse.com), or if there is no trading of Common Stock on such date, such closing price on the next preceding date on which there was trading in such shares, or 21 (ii) if the Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange, the mean between the lowest reported bid price and highest reported asked price of the Common Stock on such date in the over-the-counter market, as reported by such over-the-counter market (for example, on its official web site, such as www.otcbb.com), or if no official report exists, as reported by any publication of general circulation selected by the Corporation which regularly reports the market price of the Shares in such market, or (iii) if the Common Stock is neither listed on an established securities exchange, national market system or automated quotation system nor regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer, its Fair Market Value shall be established by the Committee with respect to such date. (q) “ Family Member ” means any person identified as an “immediate family” member in Rule 16(a)-1(e) of the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may designate any other person(s) or entity(ies) as a “Family Member.” (r) “ Full Value Award ” means an Award other than an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right. (s) “ Incentive Stock Option ” means an Option described in Code section 422(b). (t) “ Nonstatutory Stock Option ” means an Option not described in Code section 422(b). (u) “ Option ” means an option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to Section 5. “Option Agreement” means the agreement between the Corporation and the Participant which contains the terms and conditions pertaining to the Option. (v) “ Other Share-Based Award ” means an Award granted pursuant to Section 11. “Other Share-Based Award Agreement” means the agreement between the Corporation and the recipient of an Other Share-Based Award which contains the terms and conditions pertaining to the Other Share-Based Award. (w) “ Outside Director ” means a Director who is not an Employee. (x) “ Participant ” means an Employee or Director who has received an Award. 22 (y) “ Performance Shares ” means an Award granted pursuant to Section 10. “Performance Share Agreement” means the agreement between the Corporation and the recipient of the Performance Shares which contains the terms and conditions pertaining to the Performance Shares. (z) “ Plan ” means this Apex Health Distribution 2013 Stock Plan. (aa) “ Restricted Stock ” means a share of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to Section 7. “Restricted Stock Agreement” means the agreement between the Corporation and the recipient of the Restricted Stock which contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to the Restricted Stock. (ab) “ Restricted Stock Unit ” means an Award granted pursuant to Section 8. “Restricted Stock Unit Agreement” means the agreement between the Corporation and the recipient of the Restricted Stock Unit Award which contains the terms and conditions pertaining to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. (ac) “ Separation from Service ” means termination of services with the Corporation. For purposes of this definition, “the Corporation” shall be “the employer,” within the meaning of Code section 409A. A Participant shall be deemed to have had a Separation from Service if the Participant's service with the Corporation is reduced to an annual rate that is equal to or less than twenty percent of the services rendered, on average, during the immediately preceding three years of service with the Corporation (or if providing service to the Corporation for less than three years, such lesser period). (ad) “ Share ” means one share of Common Stock, adjusted in accordance with Section 15 (if applicable). (ae) “ Stock Appreciation Right ” means a right granted pursuant to Section 6. “Stock Appreciation Right Agreement” means the agreement between the Corporation and the recipient of the Stock Appreciation Right which contains the terms and conditions pertaining to the Stock Appreciation Right. (af) “ Subsidiary ” means any corporation in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Corporation if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 23 29. EXECUTION. The Plan was adopted and approved by the Board on May 22, 2013, subject to the approval of the stockholders of the [COMPANY] By: /s/ Jorge Figueredo Name: Jorge Figueredo Title: Executive Vice President, Human Resources 24
MCK_8K_Annual_Meeting_Exhibit 10.2_07.31.2013 Exhibit 10.2 [COMPANY] STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS GRANTED TO OUTSIDE DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO THE 2013 STOCK PLAN I. INTRODUCTION The following terms and conditions shall apply to Restricted Stock Unit Awards granted under the Plan and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. This Statement of Terms and Conditions is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and any regulations and rules promulgated thereunder. In the event of any inconsistency between this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Statement of Terms and Conditions shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. II. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 1. Award Agreement . A Restricted Stock Unit Award granted to an Outside Director under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to be executed by the Outside Director and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Unit Award. Each Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and together both documents shall constitute the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. The Restricted Stock Units are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Terms and Conditions . The Administrator administering the Plan has authority to determine the Outside Directors to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Restricted Stock Units will be made, the number of Units to be awarded, and all other terms and conditions of such awards. With respect to annual Restricted Stock Unit Awards granted to Outside Directors under the Plan, such awards shall be subject to the following terms, conditions and restrictions. (A) Grant Date . Each Outside Director may be granted a Restricted Stock Unit Award on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders. An Outside Director that is elected to the Board between annual meetings of stockholders may also be granted a Restricted Stock Unit Award on the date that the Board determines in its sole discretion. (B) Number of Units . Unless otherwise determined by the Board or the Committee, the number of Units granted for the annual meeting grant will be determined by dividing the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant into $150,000 (with any fractional Unit rounded up to the nearest whole Unit). In addition, unless otherwise determined by the Board or the Committee, the Lead Independent Director shall be granted an annual meeting grant determined by dividing the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant into $25,000 (with any fractional 2013 Stock Plan STC (Outside Director) Unit rounded up to the nearest whole Unit). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the aggregate number of Units granted to a director pursuant to such annual meeting grant or grants exceed 5,000. A newly elected Outside Director may receive a prorated annual meeting grant effective upon the date of the Outside Director's election to the Board. (C) No Restrictions . Each Restricted Stock Unit Award granted to an Outside Director will be fully vested on the date of grant. 3. Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents in respect of Restricted Stock Units may be credited on behalf of an Outside Director to a deferred cash account or converted into additional Restricted Stock Units, which will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award. Currently, dividend equivalents in respect of Restricted Stock Units granted to Outside Directors are credited to a deferred cash account and accrue interest at a rate determined by the Committee until such time as the underlying Shares are issued. 4. Assignability . An Outside Director shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or encumber Restricted Stock Units, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act. 5. No Stockholder Rights . Neither an Outside Director nor any person entitled to exercise an Outside Director's rights in the event of the Outside Director's death shall have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to a Restricted Stock Unit Award except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent with respect to the underlying Shares paid upon the settlement of any Restricted Stock Unit Award as described in Section II.6 below. 6. Time of Payment of Restricted Stock Units . Except as noted in Section II.7 below, Restricted Stock Units granted to Outside Directors shall not be paid until after the Outside Director's separation of service with the Corporation (“ Automatic Deferral Requirement ”). “Separation of service” shall have the meaning provided under the Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan III (“ DCAP III ”). Payment shall be made in Shares in the form of an appropriate book entry entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Outside Director's unrestricted interest in the number of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. 7. Satisfaction of Director Stock Ownership Guidelines . For those Outside Directors who have met the Director Stock Ownership Guidelines in effect at the time, Restricted Stock Unit grants shall not be subject to the Automatic Deferral Requirement and such grants will be immediately converted into Shares and distributed to the Outside Director; provided, however, that the Outside Director may elect to defer receipt of the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units. 8. Deferrals of Restricted Stock Units . Deferrals of Restricted Stock Units, whether elective or pursuant to the Automatic Deferral Requirement, shall be subject to the terms and conditions of DCAP III. 2 III. MISCELLANEOUS 1. No Effect on Terms of Service with the Corporation . Nothing contained in this Statement of Terms and Conditions, the Plan or a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall affect the Corporation's right to terminate the service of any Outside Director. 2. Grants to Outside Directors in Foreign Countries . If an Outside Director is not a United States citizen, the Board has the full discretion to deviate from this Statement of Terms and Conditions in order to adjust a Restricted Stock Unit Award to prevailing local conditions, including custom and legal and tax requirements. Furthermore, the Corporation reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Outside Director's participation in the Plan, on the Award and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require the Outside Director to sign any additional agreements or undertaking that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 3. Information Notification . Any information required to be given under the terms of a Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be addressed to the Corporation in care of its Corporate Secretary at Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, and any notice to be given to an Outside Director shall be addressed to the Outside Director at the address indicated beneath the Outside Director's name on the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified and deposited (postage or registration or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office. 4. Administrator Decisions Conclusive . All decisions of the Administrator administering the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan, under this Statement of Terms and Conditions, or under a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. 5. No Effect on Other Benefit Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect an Outside Director's right, if any, to participate in and receive benefits from and in accordance with the then current provisions of any benefit plan or program offered by the Corporation. 6. Withholding . Each Outside Director shall agree to make appropriate arrangements with the Corporation for satisfaction of any applicable federal, state or local income tax withholding requirements or payroll tax requirements, if any is required. 7. Successors . This Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreements shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Corporation. “ Outside Director” as used herein shall include the Outside Director's Beneficiary. 8. Delaware Law . The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of this Statement of Terms and Conditions and all Restricted Stock Unit Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. 3 [COMPANY] STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO OPTIONS, RESTRICTED STOCK, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES GRANTED TO CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO THE 2013 STOCK PLAN I. INTRODUCTION The following terms and conditions shall apply to an Award granted under the Plan and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. This Statement of Terms and Conditions is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and any rules promulgated thereunder. In the event of any inconsistency between this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Statement of Terms and Conditions shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. II. OPTIONS 1. Option Agreement . An Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Option Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of the Option, including whether the Option is an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option and the number of Shares subject to the Option. Each Stock Option Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and together both documents shall constitute the Option Agreement. The Option is also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Exercise Price . The Exercise Price of an Option, as specified in the Option Agreement, shall be equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying the Option on the Grant Date. 3. Option Period . An Option shall be exercisable only during the applicable Option Period, and during such Option Period the exercisability of the Option shall be subject to the vesting provisions of Section II.4 as modified by the rules set forth in Sections II.5 and V. The Option Period shall be not more than seven years from the Grant Date. 4. Vesting of Right to Exercise Options . (A) Except as provided in Sections II.5 and V, an Option shall be exercisable during the Option Period in accordance with the following vesting schedule: (i) 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date; (ii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date; (iii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date; and (iv) the remaining 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. Notwithstanding 2013 Stock Plan STC (CEO) the foregoing, the Administrator may specify a different vesting schedule at the time the Option is granted, which will be specified in the Option Grant Notice. (B) Any vested portion of an Option not exercised hereunder shall accumulate and be exercisable at any time on or before the Expiration Date, subject to the rules set forth in Sections II.5 and V. No Option may be exercised for less than 5% of the total number of Shares then available for exercise under such Option. In no event shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional Shares. 5. Limits on Option Period and Acceleration of Vesting . The Option Period may end before the Expiration Date, and in certain circumstances the vesting schedule of an Option may be accelerated (subject to the provisions of Section V), as follows: (A) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its Affiliates during the Option Period for reasons other than for Cause, Long‑Term Disability, Normal Retirement, Early Retirement or death, the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) 90 days after the date of the Participant's termination of employment and (y) the Expiration Date, and in all cases the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such termination of employment. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) If the Participant's employment is terminated for Cause during the Option Period, the Option Period shall end on the date of such termination of employment and the Option shall thereupon not be exercisable to any extent whatsoever. (C) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its Affiliates due to Long‑Term Disability during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant's Option shall be accelerated, the Option shall become fully exercisable and the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of the Participant's termination of employment and (y) the Expiration Date. (D) If the Participant's employment is terminated: (i) By reason of Normal Retirement, the vesting schedule of the Participant's Option shall be accelerated and the Option shall become fully exercisable as of the date of Normal Retirement; or (ii) By reason of Early Retirement, the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such Early Retirement. 2 (iii) With respect to an Option held by a Participant at Normal Retirement or Early Retirement, the Option Period for that portion of the Option designated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of such retirement and (y) the Expiration Date. (E) If a Participant should die (i) while in the employ of the Corporation or an Affiliate and (ii) during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant's Option shall be accelerated and the Option shall become fully exercisable, the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of death and (y) the Expiration Date, and the Participant's Beneficiary may exercise the entire unexercised portion of the then exercisable Shares covered by such Option (or any lesser amount) remaining on the date of death. (F) If a Participant who ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate is subsequently rehired prior to the expiration of the Participant's Option, then the Option shall continue to remain outstanding until the earlier of (x) such time as the Participant subsequently terminates employment and (y) the Expiration Date. Upon the Participant's subsequent termination of employment, the post‑termination exercise period calculated pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Section II.5 shall be reduced by the number of days between the date of the Participant's initial termination of employment and the Participant's re‑hire date; provided, however, that if the rehired Participant continues to be employed by the Corporation or an Affiliate for at least one year from the Participant's rehire date, then the post termination exercise period for the Option shall be determined in accordance with Sections II.5(A) through (E) and shall not be adjusted as described in this Section II.5(F). 6. Method of Exercise . A Participant may exercise an Option with respect to all or any part of the exercisable Shares as follows: (A) By giving the Corporation, or its authorized representative designated for this purpose, written notice of such exercise specifying the number of Shares as to which the Option is so exercised. Such notice shall be accompanied by an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Shares exercised, in the form of any one or combination of the following: cash or a certified check, bank draft, postal or express money order payable to the order of the Corporation in lawful money of the United States. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, the Participant may pay the Exercise Price, in whole or in part, by tendering to the Corporation or its authorized representative Shares, which have been owned by the Participant for at least six months prior to said tender, and having a fair market value, as determined by the Corporation, equal to the Exercise Price, or in lieu of the delivery of actual Shares in such tender, the Corporation may accept an attestation by the Participant, in a form prescribed by the Corporation or its authorized representative, that the Participant owns sufficient Shares of record or in an account in street name to satisfy the Exercise Price, and such attestation will be deemed a tender of Shares for purposes of this method of exercise. [COMPANY] or its authorized representative may accept payment of the amount due upon the exercise of the Option in the form of a Participant's personal check. Payment may also be made by delivery (including by FAX transmission) to the Corporation or its authorized representative of an executed irrevocable Option exercise form together with irrevocable instructions to an approved registered investment broker to sell Shares in an amount 3 sufficient to pay the Exercise Price plus any applicable Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section VII.6) and to transfer the proceeds of such sale to the Corporation. (B) If required by the Corporation, by giving satisfactory assurance in writing, signed by the Participant, the Participant shall give the Participant's assurance that the Shares subject to the Option are being purchased for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof; provided that such assurance shall be deemed inapplicable to (1) any sale of the Shares by such Participant made in accordance with the terms of a registration statement covering such sale, which has heretofore been (or may hereafter be) filed and become effective under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and with respect to which no stop order suspending the effectiveness thereof has been issued, and (2) any other sale of the Shares with respect to which, in the opinion of counsel for the Corporation, such assurance is not required to be given in order to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act. (C) As soon as practicable after receipt of the notice and the assurance described in Sections II.6(A) and (B), the Corporation shall, without transfer or issue tax (except for withholding tax arrangements contemplated in Section VII.6) and without other incidental expense to the Participant, credit the purchased Shares to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then the Corporation shall cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's unrestricted interest in the purchased Shares; provided, however, that the time of such delivery may be postponed by the Corporation for such period as may be required for it with reasonable diligence to comply with applicable registration requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any applicable listing requirements of any national securities exchange and requirements under any other law or regulation applicable to the issuance or transfer of the Shares. 7. Limitations on Transfer . An Option shall, during a Participant's lifetime, be exercisable only by the Participant. No Option or any right granted thereunder shall be transferable by the Participant by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) a Participant may designate a beneficiary to succeed, after the Participant's death, to all of the Participant's Options outstanding on the date of death; (ii) a Nonstatutory Stock Option may be transferable pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act; and (iii) any Participant, who is a senior executive officer recommended by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and approved by the Administrator may voluntarily transfer any Nonstatutory Stock Option to a Family Member as a gift or through a transfer to an entity in which more than 50% of the voting interests are owned by Family Members (or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. In the event of any attempt by a Participant to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of an Option or of any right thereunder, except as provided herein, or in the event of the levy of any attachment, execution, or similar process upon the rights or interest hereby conferred, the Corporation at its election may terminate the affected Option by notice to the Participant and the Option shall thereupon become null and void. 8. No Stockholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant's rights in the event of the Participant's death shall have any of the rights of a stockholder 4 with respect to the Shares subject to an Option except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent with respect to such Shares upon the exercise of an Option. III. RESTRICTED STOCK 1. Restricted Stock Agreement . A Restricted Stock Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award. Each Restricted Stock Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and together both documents shall constitute the Restricted Stock Agreement. The Restricted Stock Award is also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Rights with Respect to Shares of Restricted Stock . Upon written acceptance of a Restricted Stock Award by a Participant, including the restrictions and other terms and conditions described in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Agreement, the Corporation shall cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's interest in the Restricted Stock. From and after the Grant Date, the Participant shall have the rights of Common Stock ownership, including the right to vote and to receive dividends on Shares of Restricted Stock, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Agreement. 3. Special Restrictions . Each Restricted Stock Award made under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that no Restricted Stock grant shall be subject to additional terms, conditions and restrictions which are more favorable to a Participant than the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement. (A) Restrictions . Until the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock grant shall lapse (the “Restriction Period”), Shares of Restricted Stock granted to a Participant (i) shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act and (ii) shall, if the Participant's continuous employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates shall terminate for any reason (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section III.3(B)) be returned to the Corporation forthwith, and all the rights of the Participant to such Shares shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long‑Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Award ceases to 5 be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate as a result of death, Long‑Term Disability or Normal Retirement, then the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Award shall lapse as to all Shares granted to such Participant pursuant to such Restricted Stock Award on the date of such termination. (C) Restriction on Sale . The Compensation Committee reserves the right to impose a restriction on the sale of Shares that the Participant receives upon the vesting and settlement of a Restricted Stock Award, unless the Participant has satisfied the ownership targets applicable to the Participant as provided in the Stock Ownership Policy. 4. Dividends . Cash dividends paid with respect to Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be credited on behalf of the Participant to a deferred cash account (in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A) and the restrictions on such cash dividends shall lapse at the same time that the restrictions lapse on the associated Restricted Stock Award. Stock dividends paid with respect to Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be treated as Restricted Stock which shall be subject to the same restrictions as the original award for the duration of the Restricted Period. 5. Election to Recognize Gross Income in the Year of Grant . If any Participant validly elects within 30 days of the Grant Date, to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes an amount equal to the fair market value of the Shares of Restricted Stock granted on the Grant Date, such Participant shall (at the same time or prior to the date that the Participant files the Participant's election with the Internal Revenue Service) (A) pay to the Corporation, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator to pay to the Corporation in the year of such grant, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to such Shares in accordance with Section VII.6 and (B) provide the Administrator with a copy of the election filed with the Internal Revenue Service. 6. Restrictive Legend . Each book entry in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent evidencing Shares granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock grant may bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan and/or the Restricted Stock Agreement. 7. Expiration of Restricted Period . If and when the Restriction Period applicable to the Restricted Stock expires without a prior forfeiture, Shares shall be credited to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then an appropriate book entry recording the Participant's interest in the unrestricted Shares shall be entered on the records of the Corporation's transfer agent. IV. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES 1. Award Agreement . (A) Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units. Each Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice 6 shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and together both documents shall constitute the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. The Restricted Stock Units are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (B) Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Performance Share Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Performance Shares. Each Performance Share Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and together both documents shall constitute the Performance Share Agreement. Performance Shares are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Special Restrictions . Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator, consistent with the terms of the Plan. (A) Restrictions . If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or any Affiliate (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section IV.2(B)) prior to the lapse of the restrictions imposed on the Award, the unvested Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares shall be canceled, and all the rights of the Participant to such Awards shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long‑Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates since the Grant Date shall, while in such employment, be terminated as a result of Death, Long‑Term Disability or Normal Retirement, then the restrictions imposed on any Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares shall lapse on the date of such termination. (C) Restriction on Sale . The Compensation Committee reserves the right to impose a restriction on the sale of Shares that the Participant receives upon the settlement of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, unless the Participant has satisfied the ownership targets applicable to the Participant as provided in the Stock Ownership Policy. 3. Dividend Equivalents . Subject to discretion of the Compensation Committee, dividend equivalents shall be credited in respect of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares. Cash dividends shall be credited on behalf of the Participant to a deferred cash account (in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A) and the restrictions on such cash dividends shall lapse at the same time that the restrictions lapse on the associated Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares (as applicable), and cash dividends, along with accrued interest (if any) on such cash dividends, shall be paid in a lump sum at the same time that the Shares underlying the 7 Restricted Stock Unit or Performance Share Award, and to which the cash dividends relate, are distributed. Stock dividends shall be converted into additional Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, which will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, including the same vesting restrictions as the underlying Award. 4. Assignability . A Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or encumber Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act. 5. No Stockholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant's rights in the event of the Participant's death shall have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to an Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent with respect to the Shares paid upon the settlement of any vested Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares. 6. Time of Payment of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares . Upon the lapse of the restriction imposed on Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, all Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares that were not forfeited pursuant to Section IV.2(A) or V shall be paid to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after the restrictions lapse. Payment shall be made in Shares to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then in the form of an appropriate book entry entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's unrestricted interest in the number of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant becomes eligible for Normal Retirement prior to the date of the lapse of restriction imposed on the Restricted Stock Units is scheduled to occur and the vesting provisions of Section IV(2)(B) apply, then such Restricted Stock Units shall be paid to the Participant in full at the earlier of (x) the date on which the Participant has a Separation from Service, subject to the delay of payment (if applicable) provided in Section VII.15, and (y) the fixed date on which the lapse of restrictions was originally scheduled to occur. The procedures set forth in Section VII.6 will be applied for any taxes due upon the lapse of restriction imposed on the Restricted Stock Units due to a Participant's Normal Retirement eligibility. V. SPECIAL FORFEITURE AND REPAYMENT RULES Any other provision of this Statement of Terms and Conditions to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Administrator determines that a Participant has engaged in any of the actions described in 3 below, the consequences set forth in 1 and 2 below shall result: 1. Any outstanding Option shall immediately and automatically terminate, be forfeited and shall cease to be exercisable, without limitation. In addition, any Award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares as to which the restrictions have not lapsed shall immediately and automatically be forfeited and such Shares of Restricted Stock shall be returned 8 to the Corporation and all of the rights of the Participant to such Awards and the underlying Shares shall immediately terminate. 2. If the Participant exercised an Option within 12 months prior to the date upon which the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any actions described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained by the exercise of such Option measured at the date of exercise. In addition, if the restrictions imposed on any Award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares (including any unpaid dividends or Dividend Equivalents) lapsed within 12 months prior to the date the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any action described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained with respect to such Award, measured at the date such Award vested. 3. The consequences described in 1 and 2 above shall apply if the Participant, either before or after termination of employment with the Corporation or its Affiliates: (A) Discloses to others, or takes or uses for the Participant's own purpose or the purpose of others, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge, data or know‑how or any other proprietary information or intellectual property belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of the Participant's employment, whether or not they are the Participant's work product. Examples of such confidential information or trade secrets include, without limitation, customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost data, computer programs, delivery routes, advertising plans, wage and salary data, financial information, research and development plans, processes, equipment, product information and all other types and categories of information as to which the Participant knows or has reason to know that the Corporation or its Affiliates intends or expects secrecy to be maintained; (B) Fails to promptly return all documents and other tangible items belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates in the Participant's possession or control, including all complete or partial copies, recordings, abstracts, notes or reproductions of any kind made from or about such documents or information contained therein, upon termination of employment, whether pursuant to retirement or otherwise; (C) Fails to provide the Corporation with at least 30 days' written notice prior to directly or indirectly engaging in, becoming employed by, or rendering services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Corporation or its Affiliates. As used herein, “business in competition” means any person, organization or enterprise which is engaged in or is about to become engaged in any line of business engaged in by the Corporation or its Affiliates at the time of the termination of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or its Affiliates; (D) Fails to inform any new employer, before accepting employment, of the terms of this paragraph and of the Participant's continuing obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the trade secrets and other confidential information belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates; 9 (E) Induces or attempts to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the customers of the Corporation or its Affiliates, employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue or cease working with or for the Corporation or its Affiliates, or to breach any contract with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, the Participant or any third party; (F) Engages in conduct which is not in good faith and which disrupts, damages, impairs or interferes with the business, reputation or employees of the Corporation or its Affiliates; or (G) Fails to meet the Participant's continuing obligations with respect to non-disclosure, non-competition and/or non-solicitation under the Participant's agreement with the Corporation or any Affiliate. The Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Participant has engaged in any of the acts set forth in (A) through (G) above, and its determination shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. Any provision of this Section V which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable should be construed or limited in a manner that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the business objectives intended by such invalid or unenforceable provision, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Section V. VI. CHANGE IN CONTROL If as a result of a Change in Control, the Common Stock ceases to be listed for trading on a national securities exchange (an “Exchange”), any Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Performance Share Award that is unvested on the effective date of the Change in Control shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award, provided that such Award is replaced with an award for voting securities of the resulting corporation or the acquiring corporation, as the case may be, (including without limitation, the voting securities of any corporation which as a result of the Change in Control owns the Corporation or all or substantially all of the Corporation's assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) (the “[COMPANY]”) which are traded on an Exchange (a “Replacement Award”), which Replacement Award, (i) in the case of an Option, shall consist of an option with the number of underlying shares and exercise price determined in a manner consistent with Code Section 424(a) with vesting and any other terms continuing in the same manner as the replaced Option; (ii) in the case of a Performance Share Award, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the [COMPANY]'s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Performance Share Award (determined using the Corporation's stock price and assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Share Award was to be measured prior to the granting of the Replacement Award; and (iii) in the case of a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the [COMPANY]'s stock price as of 10 the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award (determined using the Corporation's stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the same time and manner as the replaced Award; provided, however, that in the event of the Participant's involuntary Separation from Service by the Corporation without Cause or Separation from Service by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of any Replacement Award, the Replacement Award shall immediately vest and be paid as soon as practicable following such Separation from Service (subject to Section VII.15), based on the fair market value of the underlying shares on the vesting date, or in the case of options, based on the excess of the fair market value of the underlying shares over the option exercise price on the vesting date. If any Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Performance Share Award that is unvested at the effective time of the Change in Control is not replaced with a Replacement Award, such Award shall immediately vest and, in the case of a Performance Share Award, shall vest based upon deemed attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater. If as a result of a Change in Control, the Common Stock continues to be listed for trading on an Exchange, any unvested Option, Restricted Stock Award, or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award and any Performance Share Award shall be replaced with a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award where the number of shares subject to such Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be equal to the number of Performance Shares assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control with any restrictions on such Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Share Award was to be measured prior to the granting of the replacement Award; provided however, that, in the event of the Participant's involuntary Separation from Service by the Corporation without Cause or Separation from Service by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of an Award, such Award shall immediately vest and be paid as soon as practicable following such Separation from Service (subject to Section VII.15). VII. MISCELLANEOUS 1. No Effect on Terms of Employment . Participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment with the Participant's employer (the “Employer”) and shall not interfere with the ability of the Employer to terminate, with or without cause, or change the terms of employment of a Participant at any time. 2. Grants to Participants in Foreign Countries . In making grants to Participants in foreign countries, the Administrator has the full discretion to deviate from this Statement of Terms and Conditions in order to adjust grants under the Plan to prevailing local conditions, including custom and legal and tax requirements. Furthermore, the Corporation reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant's participation in the Plan on the Award and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require the 11 Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertaking that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 3. Information Notification . Any information required to be given under the terms of an Award shall be addressed to the Corporation in care of its Corporate Secretary at Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, and any notice to be given to a Participant shall be addressed to such Participant at the address indicated beneath the Participant's name on the Award Agreement or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified and deposited (postage or registration or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office. 4. Administrator Decisions Conclusive . All decisions of the Administrator administering the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan or under an Award Agreement, shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. 5. No Effect on Other Benefit Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect a Participant's right to participate in and receive benefits from and in accordance with the then current provisions of any pensions, insurance or other employment welfare plan or program offered by the Corporation. 6. Withholding . Regardless of any action the Corporation or the Employer takes with respect to any federal, state or local income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant's participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant (“Tax-Related Items”), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant's responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Corporation or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Corporation and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant, vesting or exercise of the Award, as applicable, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Plan and the receipt of any dividends and/or dividend equivalents; and (2) do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant's liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, the Participant acknowledges that the Corporation and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Corporation and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (1) withholding from the Participant's wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Corporation and/or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Corporation (on the Participant's behalf pursuant to this authorization and any other authorization the Corporation and/or the broker designated by the 12 Corporation may require the Participant to sign in connection with the sale of Shares); or (3) withholding Shares to be issued upon grant, vesting/settlement or exercise, as applicable. Calculation of the number of Shares to be withheld shall be made based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. In no event, however, shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional Shares. With respect to an Award other than an Option, if adequate arrangements to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items are not made by the Participant with the Corporation and/or the Employer prior to the relevant taxable event, the Corporation will satisfy such obligations as provided above in (3) of this paragraph. To avoid negative accounting treatment, the Corporation may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, the Participant will be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Award, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of the Participant's participation in the Plan. Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Corporation or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Corporation or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant's participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. [COMPANY] may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant's obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. The Administrator shall be authorized to establish such rules, forms and procedures as it deems necessary to implement the foregoing. 7. Successors . The Award Agreements shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Corporation. “Participant” as used herein shall include the Participant's Beneficiary. 8. Delaware Law . The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of all Award Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. 9. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, the Participant acknowledges that: (A) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Corporation, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Corporation at any time; (B) the grant of the Award is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Award grants, or benefits in lieu of Awards, even if Awards have been granted repeatedly in the past; (C) all decisions with respect to future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Corporation; 13 (D) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; (E) the Award is not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments; (F) the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Corporation; and furthermore, the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with any subsidiary or Affiliate of the Corporation; (G) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; (H) if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Options will have no value; (I) in consideration of the grant of the Award, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award which results from termination of the Participant's employment with the Employer or the Corporation or one of its Affiliates (for any reason whatsoever) and the Participant irrevocably releases the Corporation or its Affiliates from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by accepting the Award, the Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived the Participant's entitlement to pursue such claim; (J) for purposes of an Award, the Participant's employment relationship will be considered terminated as of the date the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant's employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement or determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion, the Participant's right to receive Awards and vest in Awards under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law; similarly, any right to exercise Options under the Plan after termination of employment will be measured as of the date the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law; the Administrator shall have the sole discretion to determine when the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee; (K) the Corporation is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Corporation making any recommendations regarding participation in the Plan or the Participant's acquisition or sale of Shares; and (L) Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant's own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant's participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 14 10. Data Privacy . By accepting the Award, the Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant's personal data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, the Employer and the Corporation and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Corporation and the Employer hold certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited, the Participant's name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Corporation, details of all Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Other Share-Based Awards, or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant's favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (“Data”). The Participant understands that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant's country. The Participant understands that if the Participant resides outside of the United States, the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the local human resources representative. The Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant's participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that if the Participant resides outside of the United States, the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, without cost, by contacting in writing the local human resources representative. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke the Participant's consent, the Participant's employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant's consent is that the Corporation would not be able to grant the Participant Awards or administer or maintain such Awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing consent may affect the Participant's ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that the Participant may contact the local human resources representative. 11. Severability . The provisions in this Statement of Terms and Conditions are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 12. Language . If the Participant has received this Statement of Terms and Conditions or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the 15 meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 13. Electronic Delivery . [COMPANY] may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Corporation or a third party designated by the Corporation. 14. Employment Agreement . Notwithstanding any provision contained in these Statement of Terms and Conditions, the Plan or the Grant Notice to the contrary, if there is a conflict between Statement of Terms and Conditions, the Plan or the Grant Notice and the employment agreement by and between the Participant and the Corporation, as amended from time to time (the “Employment Agreement”), then the Employment Agreement shall govern. 15. Section 409A . If (i) the Participant is a Specified Employee at the time of the Participant's Separation from Service, and (ii) some or any portion of the amounts payable to the Participant, if any, when considered together with any other payments or benefits which may be considered deferred compensation under section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Section 409A”) and subject to the plan aggregation rules under Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(c)(3)(viii) (together, the “Deferred Compensation Benefits”) would result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to the Participant on or within the six month period following the Separation from Service, then to the extent such portion of the Deferred Compensation Benefits resulting in the imposition of additional tax would otherwise have been payable on or within the first six months following the Separation from Service, it will instead become payable on the first payroll date that occurs in the seventh month following the Separation from Service (or such longer period as is required to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A). All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. VIII. DEFINITIONS When capitalized in this Statement of Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: 1. “ Award Agreement ” means an agreement between the Participant and the Corporation evidencing the grant of an Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Award, Performance Shares or Other Share-Based Award, as applicable. 2. “ Cause ” means termination of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate upon the Participant's negligent or willful engagement in misconduct which, in the sole determination of the Board (or its designee), is injurious to the Corporation, its employees, or its customers. 3. “ Early Retirement ” means a termination of employment which occurs prior to Normal Retirement but on or after the date on which the Participant's age (expressed in terms of 16 years and completed months) plus service with the Corporation or an Affiliate equals 65. For purposes of determining eligibility for Early Retirement, the term “service” shall include years and completed whole months of service. 4. “ Family Member ” means any person identified as an “immediate family” member in Rule 16(a)‑1(e) of the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may designate any other person(s) or entity(ies) as a “family member.” 5. “ Good Reason ” means any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of the Participant, which shall not be affected by the Participant's incapacity due to physical or mental illness: (A) Any material change by the Corporation in the Participant's functions, duties or responsibilities as President and Chief Executive Officer, which change would cause the Participant's position with the Corporation to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope as compared to the position and attributes that applied to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control, or an adverse change in the Participant's title, position or the Participant's obligation and right to report directly to the Board, provided, however that Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist if the Participant ceases to serve as Chairman; (B) Any reduction in the Participant's base annual salary, MIP target or Long Term Incentive compensation (LTI) targets, which LTI targets include cash awards with performance periods greater than one year and equity based grants, except for reductions that are equivalent to reductions applicable to executive officers of the Corporation; (C) Any material failure by the Corporation to comply with any of the provisions of an award (or of any employment agreement between the parties) subsequent to a Change in Control; (D) [COMPANY]'s requiring the Participant to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which the Participant is based on the date immediately preceding the Change in Control, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of the Participant's responsibilities; (E) Cancellation of the automatic renewal mechanism set forth in the Participant's employment agreement; (F) If the Board removes the Participant as Chairman at or after a Change in Control (or prior to a Change in Control if at the request of any third party participating in or causing the Change in Control), unless such removal is required by then‑applicable law; or (G) A change in the majority of the members of the Board as it was construed immediately prior to the Change in Control; 17 Provided that the Participant gives notice to the Corporation of the existence of the Good Reason condition within 30 days of the initial existence of the Good Reason condition and the Corporation is provided 30 days after receipt of the Participant's notice to remedy the Good Reason condition; provided further that the Participant's Separation from Service must occur within six months from the initial existence of the Good Reason condition if the Corporation does not remedy such condition for such separation to be considered to be for Good Reason. 6. “ Expiration Date ” means the date that an Option expires as set forth in the Option Grant Notice as the “Expiration Date.” 7. “ Grant Date ” means the date the Administrator grants the Award. 8. “ Grant Notice ” means the notice of an Award granted to the Participant, which sets forth certain terms of such Award. 9. “ Long‑Term Disability ” means a physical or mental condition in respect of which the administrator of the Corporation's long-term disability plan has determined that the Participant is eligible to receive income replacement benefits; or, if the Participant is not then a participant in the Corporation's long-term disability plan, a physical or mental condition that the administrator of the Corporation's long-term disability plan determines would have rendered the Participant eligible to receive income replacement benefits, had the Participant been enrolled in such plan. 10. “ Normal Retirement ” means retirement at age 65 (62, in the case of a participant in the Apex Health Distribution 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan) with at least 10 years of service with the Corporation or an Affiliate. For purposes of determining eligibility for Normal Retirement, “service” shall mean completed whole years of service (12 consecutive months). 11. “ Option Period ” means the period commencing on the Grant Date of an Option and, except at otherwise provided in Section II.5, ending on the Expiration Date. 12. “ Separation from Service ” means termination of employment with the Corporation or an affiliate. A Participant shall be deemed to have had a Separation from Service if the Participant's service with the Corporation or an affiliate is reduced to an annual rate that is equal to or less than 20% of the services rendered, on average, during the immediately preceding three years of service with the Corporation or an affiliate (or, if providing service to the Corporation or an affiliate for less than three years, such lesser period). 13. “ Short‑Term Disability ” means short‑term disability as defined in the Corporation's short‑term disability plan. 14. “ Specified Employee ” means those employees identified by the Corporation as "Specified Employees" for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 15. “ Stock Ownership Policy ” means the Corporation's Stock Ownership Policy, as amended from time to time, which can be found on McKNet. A Participant or a Participant's 18 beneficiary may also request a copy of the Stock Ownership Policy by writing to the Corporate Secretary at Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460. 19 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS [COMPANY] STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO OPTIONS, RESTRICTED STOCK, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES GRANTED TO OFFICERS PURSUANT TO THE 2013 STOCK PLAN I. INTRODUCTION The following terms and conditions shall apply to an Award granted under the Plan and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. This Statement of Terms and Conditions is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and any rules promulgated thereunder. In the event of any inconsistency between this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Statement of Terms and Conditions shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. II. OPTIONS 1. Option Agreement . An Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Option Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of the Option, including whether the Option is an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option and the number of Shares subject to the Option. Each Stock Option Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Option Agreement. The Option is also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Exercise Price . The Exercise Price of an Option, as specified in the Option Agreement, shall be equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying the Option on the Grant Date. 3. Option Period . An Option shall be exercisable only during the applicable Option Period, and during such Option Period the exercisability of the Option shall be subject to the vesting provisions of Section II.4 as modified by the rules set forth in Sections II.5 and V. The Option Period shall be not more than seven years from the Grant Date. 4. Vesting of Right to Exercise Options . (A) Except as provided in Sections II.5 and V, an Option shall be exercisable during the Option Period in accordance with the following vesting schedule: (i) 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date; (ii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date; (iii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date; and (iv) the remaining 25% of the 2013 Stock Plan STC (EO) Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may specify a different vesting schedule at the time the Option is granted, which will be specified in the Option Grant Notice. (B) Any vested portion of an Option not exercised hereunder shall accumulate and be exercisable at any time on or before the Expiration Date, subject to the rules set forth in Sections II.5 and V. No Option may be exercised for less than 5% of the total number of Shares then available for exercise under such Option. In no event shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional Shares. 5. Limits on Option Period and Acceleration of Vesting . The Option Period may end before the Expiration Date, and in certain circumstances the vesting schedule of an Option may be accelerated (subject to the provisions of Section V), as follows: (A) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its Affiliates during the Option Period for reasons other than for Cause, Long‑Term Disability, Normal Retirement, Early Retirement or death, the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) 90 days after the date of the Participant's termination of employment and (y) the Expiration Date, and in all cases the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such termination of employment. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) If the Participant's employment is terminated for Cause during the Option Period, the Option Period shall end on the date of such termination of employment and the Option shall thereupon not be exercisable to any extent whatsoever. (C) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its Affiliates due to Long‑Term Disability during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant's Option shall be accelerated, the Option shall become fully exercisable and the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of the Participant's termination of employment and (y) the Expiration Date. (D) If the Participant's employment is terminated: (i) By reason of Normal Retirement or Early Retirement, the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such retirement. (ii) With respect to an Option held by a Participant at Normal Retirement or Early Retirement, the Option Period for that portion of the Option designated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of such retirement and (y) the Expiration Date. 2 (E) If a Participant should die (i) while in the employ of the Corporation or an Affiliate and (ii) during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant's Option shall be accelerated and the Option shall become fully exercisable, the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of death and (y) the Expiration Date, and the Participant's Beneficiary may exercise the entire unexercised portion of the then exercisable Shares covered by such Option (or any lesser amount) remaining on the date of death. (F) If a Participant who ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate is subsequently rehired prior to the expiration of the Participant's Option, then the Option shall continue to remain outstanding until the earlier of (x) such time as the Participant subsequently terminates employment and (y) the Expiration Date. Upon the Participant's subsequent termination of employment, the post‑termination exercise period calculated pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Section II.5 shall be reduced by the number of days between the date of the Participant's initial termination of employment and the Participant's re‑hire date; provided, however, that if the rehired Participant continues to be employed by the Corporation or an Affiliate for at least one year from the Participant's rehire date, then the post termination exercise period for the Option shall be determined in accordance with Sections II.5(A) through (E) and shall not be adjusted as described in this Section II.5(F). 6. Method of Exercise . A Participant may exercise an Option with respect to all or any part of the exercisable Shares as follows: (A) By giving the Corporation, or its authorized representative designated for this purpose, written notice of such exercise specifying the number of Shares as to which the Option is so exercised. Such notice shall be accompanied by an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Shares exercised, in the form of any one or combination of the following: cash or a certified check, bank draft, postal or express money order payable to the order of the Corporation in lawful money of the United States. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, the Participant may pay the Exercise Price, in whole or in part, by tendering to the Corporation or its authorized representative Shares, which have been owned by the Participant for at least six months prior to said tender, and having a fair market value, as determined by the Corporation, equal to the Exercise Price, or in lieu of the delivery of actual Shares in such tender, the Corporation may accept an attestation by the Participant, in a form prescribed by the Corporation or its authorized representative, that the Participant owns sufficient Shares of record or in an account in street name to satisfy the Exercise Price, and such attestation will be deemed a tender of Shares for purposes of this method of exercise. [COMPANY] or its authorized representative may accept payment of the amount due upon the exercise of the Option in the form of a Participant's personal check. Payment may also be made by delivery (including by FAX transmission) to the Corporation or its authorized representative of an executed irrevocable Option exercise form together with irrevocable instructions to an approved registered investment broker to sell Shares in an amount sufficient to pay the Exercise Price plus any applicable Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section VII.6) and to transfer the proceeds of such sale to the Corporation. (B) If required by the Corporation, by giving satisfactory assurance in writing, signed by the Participant, the Participant shall give the Participant's assurance that the Shares subject 3 to the Option are being purchased for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof; provided that such assurance shall be deemed inapplicable to (1) any sale of the Shares by such Participant made in accordance with the terms of a registration statement covering such sale, which has heretofore been (or may hereafter be) filed and become effective under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and with respect to which no stop order suspending the effectiveness thereof has been issued, and (2) any other sale of the Shares with respect to which, in the opinion of counsel for the Corporation, such assurance is not required to be given in order to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act. (C) As soon as practicable after receipt of the notice and the assurance described in Sections II.6(A) and (B), the Corporation shall, without transfer or issue tax (except for withholding tax arrangements contemplated in Section VII.6) and without other incidental expense to the Participant, credit the purchased Shares to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then the Corporation shall cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's unrestricted interest in the purchased Shares; provided, however, that the time of such delivery may be postponed by the Corporation for such period as may be required for it with reasonable diligence to comply with applicable registration requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any applicable listing requirements of any national securities exchange and requirements under any other law or regulation applicable to the issuance or transfer of the Shares. 7. Limitations on Transfer . An Option shall, during a Participant's lifetime, be exercisable only by the Participant. No Option or any right granted thereunder shall be transferable by the Participant by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) a Participant may designate a beneficiary to succeed, after the Participant's death, to all of the Participant's Options outstanding on the date of death; (ii) a Nonstatutory Stock Option may be transferable pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act; and (iii) any Participant, who is a senior executive officer recommended by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and approved by the Administrator may voluntarily transfer any Nonstatutory Stock Option to a Family Member as a gift or through a transfer to an entity in which more than 50% of the voting interests are owned by Family Members (or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. In the event of any attempt by a Participant to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of an Option or of any right thereunder, except as provided herein, or in the event of the levy of any attachment, execution, or similar process upon the rights or interest hereby conferred, the Corporation at its election may terminate the affected Option by notice to the Participant and the Option shall thereupon become null and void. 8. No Stockholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant's rights in the event of the Participant's death shall have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Shares subject to an Option except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent with respect to such Shares upon the exercise of an Option. 4 III. RESTRICTED STOCK 1. Restricted Stock Agreement . A Restricted Stock Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award. Each Restricted Stock Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Restricted Stock Agreement. The Restricted Stock Award is also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Rights with Respect to Shares of Restricted Stock . Upon written acceptance of a Restricted Stock Award by a Participant, including the restrictions and other terms and conditions described in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Agreement, the Corporation shall cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's interest in the Restricted Stock. From and after the Grant Date, the Participant shall have the rights of Common Stock ownership, including the right to vote and to receive dividends on Shares of Restricted Stock, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Agreement. 3. Special Restrictions . Each Restricted Stock Award made under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that no Restricted Stock grant shall be subject to additional terms, conditions and restrictions which are more favorable to a Participant than the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement. (A) Restrictions . Until the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock grant shall lapse (the “Restriction Period”), Shares of Restricted Stock granted to a Participant (i) shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act and (ii) shall, if the Participant's continuous employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates shall terminate for any reason (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section III.3(B)) be returned to the Corporation forthwith, and all the rights of the Participant to such Shares shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long‑Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate as a result of: 5 (i) Death or Long‑Term Disability, then the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Award shall lapse as to all Shares granted to such Participant pursuant to such Restricted Stock Award on the date of such termination; or (ii) Normal Retirement, then, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, with respect to any time-based Restricted Stock Award then held by such Participant as to which restrictions have not lapsed, the restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock Award shall lapse on the effective date of such Normal Retirement as to that whole number of Shares, rounded down to the nearest whole Share, equal to (a) the total number of Shares subject to such Restricted Stock Award, multiplied by (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole calendar months, rounded down to the nearest whole month, during which the Participant provided Service to the Corporation during the entire vesting period applicable to such Award, and the denominator of which is the number of calendar months in such entire vesting period, minus (c) the number of Shares originally subject to such Restricted Stock Award with respect to which restrictions shall have lapsed as of the effective date of such Normal Retirement; provided, that for purposes of clause (b) above, “whole calendar months” shall be calculated commencing on the applicable Grant Date; and provided further, that notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Statement of Terms and Conditions, this Section III.3(B)(ii) shall not apply to any Restricted Stock Award the vesting of which is based, in whole or in part, on attainment of performance objectives. (C) Restriction on Sale . The Compensation Committee reserves the right to impose a restriction on the sale of Shares that the Participant receives upon the vesting and settlement of a Restricted Stock Award, unless the Participant has satisfied the ownership targets applicable to the Participant as provided in the Stock Ownership Policy. 4. Dividends . Cash dividends paid with respect to Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be credited on behalf of the Participant to a deferred cash account (in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A) and the restrictions on such cash dividends shall lapse at the same time that the restrictions lapse on the associated Restricted Stock Award. Stock dividends paid with respect to Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be treated as Restricted Stock which shall be subject to the same restrictions as the original award for the duration of the Restricted Period. 5. Election to Recognize Gross Income in the Year of Grant . If any Participant validly elects within 30 days of the Grant Date, to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes an amount equal to the fair market value of the Shares of Restricted Stock granted on the Grant Date, such Participant shall (at the same time or prior to the date that the Participant files the Participant's election with the Internal Revenue Service) (A) pay to the Corporation, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator to pay to the Corporation in the year of such grant, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to such Shares in accordance with Section VII.6 and (B) provide the Administrator with a copy of the election filed with the Internal Revenue Service. 6 6. Restrictive Legend . Each book entry in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent evidencing Shares granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock grant may bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan and/or the Restricted Stock Agreement. 7. Expiration of Restricted Period . If and when the Restriction Period applicable to the Restricted Stock expires without a prior forfeiture, Shares shall be credited to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then an appropriate book entry recording the Participant's interest in the unrestricted Shares shall be entered on the records of the Corporation's transfer agent. IV. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES 1. Award Agreement . (A) Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units. Each Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. The Restricted Stock Units are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (B) Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Performance Share Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Performance Shares. Each Performance Share Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Performance Share Agreement. Performance Shares are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Special Restrictions . Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator, consistent with the terms of the Plan. (A) Restrictions . If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or any Affiliate (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section IV.2(B)) prior to the lapse of the restrictions imposed on the Award, the unvested Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares shall be canceled, and all the rights of the Participant to such Awards shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by 7 virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long‑Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates since the Grant Date of such Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate as a result of: (i) Death or Long‑Term Disability, then the restrictions imposed on any Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares shall lapse on the date of such termination; or (ii) Normal Retirement, then, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, with respect to any time-based Restricted Stock Units then held by such Participant as to which restrictions have not lapsed, the restrictions applicable to such Award of Restricted Stock Units shall lapse on the effective date of such Normal Retirement as to that whole number of Shares, rounded down to the nearest whole Share, equal to (a) the total number of Restricted Stock Units subject to such Award, multiplied by (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole calendar months, rounded down to the nearest whole month, during which the Participant provided Service to the Corporation during the entire vesting period applicable to such Award, and the denominator of which is the number of calendar months in such entire vesting period, minus (c) the number of Restricted Stock Units originally subject to such Award with respect to which restrictions shall have lapsed as of the effective date of such Normal Retirement; provided, that for purposes of clause (b) above, “whole calendar months” shall be calculated commencing on the applicable Grant Date; and provided further, that notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Statement of Terms and Conditions, this Section IV.2(B)(ii) shall not apply to any Performance Shares or to any Restricted Stock Units the vesting of which is based, in whole or in part, on attainment of performance objectives. (C) Restriction on Sale . The Compensation Committee reserves the right to impose a restriction on the sale of Shares that the Participant receives upon the settlement of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, unless the Participant has satisfied the ownership targets applicable to the Participant as provided in the Stock Ownership Policy. 3. Dividend Equivalents . Subject to discretion of the Compensation Committee, dividend equivalents shall be credited in respect of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares. Cash dividends shall be credited on behalf of the Participant to a deferred cash account (in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A) and the restrictions on such cash dividends shall lapse at the same time that the restrictions lapse on the associated Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares (as applicable), and cash dividends, along with accrued interest (if any) on such cash dividends, shall be paid in a lump sum at the same time that the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Unit or Performance Share Award, and to which the cash dividends relate, are distributed. Stock dividends shall be converted into additional Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, which will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the underlying 8 Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, including the same vesting restrictions as the underlying Award. 4. Assignability . A Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or encumber Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act. 5. No Stockholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant's rights in the event of the Participant's death shall have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to an Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent with respect to the Shares paid upon the settlement of any vested Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares. 6. Time of Payment of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares . Upon the lapse of the restriction imposed on Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, all Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares that were not forfeited pursuant to Section IV.2(A) or V shall be paid to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after the restrictions lapse. Payment shall be made in Shares to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then in the form of an appropriate book entry entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's unrestricted interest in the number of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant becomes eligible for Normal Retirement prior to the date of the lapse of restriction imposed on the Restricted Stock Units is scheduled to occur and the vesting provisions of Section IV(2)(B)(ii) apply, then such Restricted Stock Units shall be paid to the Participant in full at the earlier of (x) the date in which the Participant has a Separation from Service, subject to the delay of payment (if applicable) provided in Section VII.14, and (y) the fixed date on which the lapse of restrictions was originally scheduled to occur. The procedures set forth in Section VII.6 will be applied for any taxes due upon the lapse of restriction imposed on the Restricted Stock Units due to a Participant's Normal Retirement eligibility. V. SPECIAL FORFEITURE AND REPAYMENT RULES Any other provision of this Statement of Terms and Conditions to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Administrator determines that a Participant has engaged in any of the actions described in 3 below, the consequences set forth in 1 and 2 below shall result: 1. Any outstanding Option shall immediately and automatically terminate, be forfeited and shall cease to be exercisable, without limitation. In addition, any Award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares as to which the restrictions have not lapsed shall immediately and automatically be forfeited and such Shares of Restricted Stock shall be returned to the Corporation and all of the rights of the Participant to such Awards and the underlying Shares shall immediately terminate. 9 2. If the Participant exercised an Option within 12 months prior to the date upon which the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any actions described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained by the exercise of such Option measured at the date of exercise. In addition, if the restrictions imposed on any Award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares (including any unpaid dividends or Dividend Equivalents) lapsed within 12 months prior to the date the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any action described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained with respect to such Award, measured at the date such Award vested. 3. The consequences described in 1 and 2 above shall apply if the Participant, either before or after termination of employment with the Corporation or its Affiliates: (A) Discloses to others, or takes or uses for the Participant's own purpose or the purpose of others, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge, data or know‑how or any other proprietary information or intellectual property belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of the Participant's employment, whether or not they are the Participant's work product. Examples of such confidential information or trade secrets include, without limitation, customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost data, computer programs, delivery routes, advertising plans, wage and salary data, financial information, research and development plans, processes, equipment, product information and all other types and categories of information as to which the Participant knows or has reason to know that the Corporation or its Affiliates intends or expects secrecy to be maintained; (B) Fails to promptly return all documents and other tangible items belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates in the Participant's possession or control, including all complete or partial copies, recordings, abstracts, notes or reproductions of any kind made from or about such documents or information contained therein, upon termination of employment, whether pursuant to retirement or otherwise; (C) Fails to provide the Corporation with at least 30 days' written notice prior to directly or indirectly engaging in, becoming employed by, or rendering services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Corporation or its Affiliates. As used herein, “business in competition” means any person, organization or enterprise which is engaged in or is about to become engaged in any line of business engaged in by the Corporation or its Affiliates at the time of the termination of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or its Affiliates; (D) Fails to inform any new employer, before accepting employment, of the terms of this paragraph and of the Participant's continuing obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the trade secrets and other confidential information belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates; (E) Induces or attempts to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the customers of the Corporation or its Affiliates, employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue 10 or cease working with or for the Corporation or its Affiliates, or to breach any contract with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, the Participant or any third party; (F) Engages in conduct which is not in good faith and which disrupts, damages, impairs or interferes with the business, reputation or employees of the Corporation or its Affiliates; or (G) Fails to meet the Participant's continuing obligations with respect to non-disclosure, non-competition and/or non-solicitation under the Participant's agreement with the Corporation or any Affiliate. The Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Participant has engaged in any of the acts set forth in (A) through (G) above, and its determination shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. Any provision of this Section V which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable should be construed or limited in a manner that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the business objectives intended by such invalid or unenforceable provision, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Section V. VI. CHANGE IN CONTROL If as a result of a Change in Control, the Common Stock ceases to be listed for trading on a national securities exchange (an “Exchange”), any Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Performance Share Award that is unvested on the effective date of the Change in Control shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award, provided that such Award is replaced with an award for voting securities of the resulting corporation or the acquiring corporation, as the case may be, (including without limitation, the voting securities of any corporation which as a result of the Change in Control owns the Corporation or all or substantially all of the Corporation's assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) (the “[COMPANY]”) which are traded on an Exchange (a “Replacement Award”), which Replacement Award, (i) in the case of an Option, shall consist of an option with the number of underlying shares and exercise price determined in a manner consistent with Code Section 424(a) with vesting and any other terms continuing in the same manner as the replaced Option; (ii) in the case of a Performance Share Award, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the [COMPANY]'s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Performance Share Award (determined using the Corporation's stock price and assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Share Award was to be measured prior to the granting of the Replacement Award; and (iii) in the case of a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the [COMPANY]'s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award (determined using the Corporation's stock price as of the effective date 11 of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the same time and manner as the replaced Award; provided, however, that in the event of the Participant's involuntary Separation from Service by the Corporation without Cause or Separation from Service by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of any Replacement Award, the Replacement Award shall immediately vest and be paid as soon as practicable following such Separation from Service (subject to Section VII.14), based on the fair market value of the underlying shares on the vesting date, or in the case of options, based on the excess of the fair market value of the underlying shares over the option exercise price on the vesting date. If any Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Performance Share Award that is unvested at the effective time of the Change in Control is not replaced with a Replacement Award, such Award shall immediately vest and, in the case of a Performance Share Award, shall vest based upon deemed attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater. If as a result of a Change in Control, the Common Stock continues to be listed for trading on an Exchange, any unvested Option, Restricted Stock Award, or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award and any Performance Share Award shall be replaced with a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award where the number of shares subject to such Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be equal to the number of Performance Shares assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control with any restrictions on such Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Share Award was to be measured prior to the granting of the replacement Award; provided however, that, in the event of the Participant's involuntary Separation from Service by the Corporation without Cause or Separation from Service by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of an Award, such Award shall immediately vest and be paid as soon as practicable following such Separation from Service (subject to Section VII.14). VII. MISCELLANEOUS 1. No Effect on Terms of Employment . Participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment with the Participant's employer (the “Employer”) and shall not interfere with the ability of the Employer to terminate, with or without cause, or change the terms of employment of a Participant at any time. 2. Grants to Participants in Foreign Countries . In making grants to Participants in foreign countries, the Administrator has the full discretion to deviate from this Statement of Terms and Conditions in order to adjust grants under the Plan to prevailing local conditions, including custom and legal and tax requirements. Furthermore, the Corporation reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant's participation in the Plan on the Award and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertaking that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 12 3. Information Notification . Any information required to be given under the terms of an Award shall be addressed to the Corporation in care of its Corporate Secretary at Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, and any notice to be given to a Participant shall be addressed to such Participant at the address indicated beneath the Participant's name on the Award Agreement or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified and deposited (postage or registration or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office. 4. Administrator Decisions Conclusive . All decisions of the Administrator administering the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan or under an Award Agreement, shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. 5. No Effect on Other Benefit Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect a Participant's right to participate in and receive benefits from and in accordance with the then current provisions of any pensions, insurance or other employment welfare plan or program offered by the Corporation. 6. Withholding . Regardless of any action the Corporation or the Employer takes with respect to any federal, state or local income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant's participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant (“Tax-Related Items”), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant's responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Corporation or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Corporation and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant, vesting or exercise of the Award, as applicable, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Plan and the receipt of any dividends and/or dividend equivalents; and (2) do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant's liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, the Participant acknowledges that the Corporation and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Corporation and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (1) withholding from the Participant's wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Corporation and/or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Corporation (on the Participant's behalf pursuant to this authorization and any other authorization the Corporation and/or the broker designated by the Corporation may require the Participant to sign in connection with the sale of Shares); or (3) withholding Shares to be issued upon grant, vesting/settlement or exercise, as applicable. Calculation 13 of the number of Shares to be withheld shall be made based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. In no event, however, shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional Shares. With respect to an Award other than an Option, if adequate arrangements to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items are not made by the Participant with the Corporation and/or the Employer prior to the relevant taxable event, the Corporation will satisfy such obligations as provided above in (3) of this paragraph. To avoid negative accounting treatment, the Corporation may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, the Participant will be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Award, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of the Participant's participation in the Plan. Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Corporation or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Corporation or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant's participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. [COMPANY] may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant's obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. The Administrator shall be authorized to establish such rules, forms and procedures as it deems necessary to implement the foregoing. 7. Successors . The Award Agreements shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Corporation. “Participant” as used herein shall include the Participant's Beneficiary. 8. Delaware Law . The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of all Award Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. 9. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, the Participant acknowledges that: (A) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Corporation, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Corporation at any time; (B) the grant of the Award is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Award grants, or benefits in lieu of Awards, even if Awards have been granted repeatedly in the past; (C) all decisions with respect to future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Corporation; (D) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 14 (E) the Award is not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments; (F) the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Corporation; and furthermore, the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with any subsidiary or Affiliate of the Corporation; (G) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; (H) if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Options will have no value; (I) in consideration of the grant of the Award, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award which results from termination of the Participant's employment with the Employer or the Corporation or one of its Affiliates (for any reason whatsoever) and the Participant irrevocably releases the Corporation or its Affiliates from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by accepting the Award, the Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived the Participant's entitlement to pursue such claim; (J) for purposes of an Award, the Participant's employment relationship will be considered terminated as of the date the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant's employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement or determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion, the Participant's right to receive Awards and vest in Awards under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law; similarly, any right to exercise Options under the Plan after termination of employment will be measured as of the date the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law; the Administrator shall have the sole discretion to determine when the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee; (K) the Corporation is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Corporation making any recommendations regarding participation in the Plan or the Participant's acquisition or sale of Shares; and (L) Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant's own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant's participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 15 10. Data Privacy . By accepting the Award, the Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant's personal data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, the Employer and the Corporation and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Corporation and the Employer hold certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited, the Participant's name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Corporation, details of all Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Other Share-Based Awards, or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant's favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (“Data”). The Participant understands that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant's country. The Participant understands that if the Participant resides outside of the United States, the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the local human resources representative. The Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant's participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that if the Participant resides outside of the United States, the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, without cost, by contacting in writing the local human resources representative. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke the Participant's consent, the Participant's employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant's consent is that the Corporation would not be able to grant the Participant Awards or administer or maintain such Awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing consent may affect the Participant's ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that the Participant may contact the local human resources representative. 11. Severability . The provisions in this Statement of Terms and Conditions are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 12. Language . If the Participant has received this Statement of Terms and Conditions or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the 16 meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 13. Electronic Delivery . [COMPANY] may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Corporation or a third party designated by the Corporation. 14. Section 409A . If (i) the Participant is a Specified Employee at the time of the Participant's Separation from Service, and (ii) some or any portion of the amounts payable to the Participant, if any, when considered together with any other payments or benefits which may be considered deferred compensation under section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Section 409A”) and subject to the plan aggregation rules under Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(c)(3)(viii) (together, the “Deferred Compensation Benefits”) would result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to the Participant on or within the six month period following the Separation from Service, then to the extent such portion of the Deferred Compensation Benefits resulting in the imposition of additional tax would otherwise have been payable on or within the first six months following the Separation from Service, it will instead become payable on the first payroll date that occurs in the seventh month following the Separation from Service (or such longer period as is required to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A). All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. VIII. DEFINITIONS When capitalized in this Statement of Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: 1. “ Award Agreement ” means an agreement between the Participant and the Corporation evidencing the grant of an Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Award, Performance Shares or Other Share-Based Award, as applicable. 2. “ Cause ” means termination of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate upon the Participant's negligent or willful engagement in misconduct which, in the sole determination of the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation (or the Chief Executive Officer's designee), is injurious to the Corporation, its employees, or its customers. 3. “ Early Retirement ” means a termination of employment which occurs prior to Normal Retirement but on or after the date on which the Participant's age (expressed in terms of years and completed months) plus service with the Corporation or an Affiliate equals 65. For purposes of determining eligibility for Early Retirement, the term “service” shall include years and completed whole months of service. 4. “ Family Member ” means any person identified as an “immediate family” member in Rule 16(a)‑1(e) of the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. 17 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may designate any other person(s) or entity(ies) as a “family member.” 5. “ Good Reason ” means any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of the Participant: (A) Any material change by the Corporation in the Participant's functions, duties, or responsibilities, which change would cause the Participant's position with the Corporation to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope from the position and attributes that applied to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control; (B) Any significant reduction in the Participant's aggregate base annual salary and target incentive opportunity, as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; (C) Any material failure by the Corporation to comply with any of the provisions of an Award subsequent to a Change in Control; (D) [COMPANY]'s requiring the Participant to be based at any location which would increase the Participant's regular one-way commute by more than 25 miles from that in effect immediately preceding the Change in Control, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of the Participant's responsibilities; or (E) Any change in the person to whom the Participant reports, as this relationship existed immediately prior to a Change in Control; Provided that the Participant gives notice to the Corporation of the existence of the Good Reason condition within 30 days of the initial existence of the Good Reason condition and the Corporation is provided 30 days after receipt of the Participant's notice to remedy the Good Reason condition; provided further that the Participant's Separation from Service must occur within six months from the initial existence of the Good Reason condition if the Corporation does not remedy such condition for such separation to be considered to be for Good Reason. 6. “ Expiration Date ” means the date that an Option expires as set forth in the Option Grant Notice as the “Expiration Date.” 7. “ Grant Date ” means the date the Administrator grants the Award. 8. “ Grant Notice ” means the notice of an Award granted to the Participant, which sets forth certain terms of such Award. 9. “ Long‑Term Disability ” means a physical or mental condition in respect of which the administrator of the Corporation's long-term disability plan has determined that the Participant is eligible to receive income replacement benefits; or, if the Participant is not then a participant in the Corporation's long-term disability plan, a physical or mental condition that the administrator of the Corporation's long-term disability plan determines would have rendered the Participant eligible to receive income replacement benefits, had the Participant been enrolled in such plan. 18 10. “ Normal Retirement ” means retirement at age 65 (62, in the case of a participant in the Apex Health Distribution 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan) with at least 10 years of service with the Corporation or an Affiliate. For purposes of determining eligibility for Normal Retirement, “service” shall mean completed whole years of service (12 consecutive months). 11. “ Option Period ” means the period commencing on the Grant Date of an Option and, except at otherwise provided in Section II.5, ending on the Expiration Date. 12. “ Separation from Service ” means termination of employment with the Corporation or an affiliate. A Participant shall be deemed to have had a Separation from Service if the Participant's service with the Corporation or an affiliate is reduced to an annual rate that is equal to or less than 20% of the services rendered, on average, during the immediately preceding three years of service with the Corporation or an affiliate (or, if providing service to the Corporation or an affiliate for less than three years, such lesser period). 13. “ Short‑Term Disability ” means short‑term disability as defined in the Corporation's short‑term disability plan. 14. “ Specified Employee ” means those employees identified by the Corporation as "Specified Employees" for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 15. “ Stock Ownership Policy ” means the Corporation's Stock Ownership Policy, as amended from time to time, which can be found on McKNet. A Participant or a Participant's beneficiary may also request a copy of the Stock Ownership Policy by writing to the Corporate Secretary at Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460. 19 EMPLOYEES SUBJECT [COMPANY] STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO OPTIONS, RESTRICTED STOCK, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES GRANTED TO EMPLOYEES SUBJECT TO STOCK OWNERSHIP POLICY PURSUANT TO THE 2013 STOCK PLAN I. INTRODUCTION The following terms and conditions shall apply to an Award granted under the Plan and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. This Statement of Terms and Conditions is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and any rules promulgated thereunder. In the event of any inconsistency between this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Statement of Terms and Conditions shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. II. OPTIONS 1. Option Agreement . An Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Option Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of the Option, including whether the Option is an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option and the number of Shares subject to the Option. Each Stock Option Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Option Agreement. The Option is also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Exercise Price . The Exercise Price of an Option, as specified in the Option Agreement, shall be equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying the Option on the Grant Date. 3. Option Period . An Option shall be exercisable only during the applicable Option Period, and during such Option Period the exercisability of the Option shall be subject to the vesting provisions of Section II.4 as modified by the rules set forth in Sections II.5 and V. The Option Period shall be not more than seven years from the Grant Date. 4. Vesting of Right to Exercise Options . (A) Except as provided in Sections II.5 and V, an Option shall be exercisable during the Option Period in accordance with the following vesting schedule: (i) 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date; (ii) an additional 25% of 2013 Stock Plan STC (ECOT) the Shares shall vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date; (iii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date; and (iv) the remaining 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may specify a different vesting schedule at the time the Option is granted, which will be specified in the Option Grant Notice. (B) Any vested portion of an Option not exercised hereunder shall accumulate and be exercisable at any time on or before the Expiration Date, subject to the rules set forth in Sections II.5 and V. No Option may be exercised for less than 5% of the total number of Shares then available for exercise under such Option. In no event shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional Shares. 5. Limits on Option Period and Acceleration of Vesting . The Option Period may end before the Expiration Date, and in certain circumstances, the vesting schedule of an Option may be accelerated (subject to the provisions of Section V), as follows: (A) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its Affiliates during the Option Period for reasons other than for Cause, Long‑Term Disability, Normal Retirement, Early Retirement or death, the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) 90 days after the date of the Participant's termination of employment and (y) the Expiration Date, and in all cases the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such termination of employment. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) If the Participant's employment is terminated for Cause during the Option Period, the Option Period shall end on the date of such termination of employment and the Option shall thereupon not be exercisable to any extent whatsoever. (C) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its Affiliates due to Long‑Term Disability during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant's Option shall be accelerated, the Option shall become fully exercisable and the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of the Participant's termination of employment and (y) the Expiration Date. (D) If the Participant's employment is terminated: (i) By reason of Normal Retirement or Early Retirement, the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such retirement. (ii) With respect to an Option held by a Participant at Normal Retirement or Early Retirement, the Option Period for that portion of the Option designated as a Nonstatutory 2 Stock Option shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of such retirement and (y) the Expiration Date. (E) If a Participant should die (i) while in the employ of the Corporation or an Affiliate and (ii) during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant's Option shall be accelerated and the Option shall become fully exercisable, the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of death and (y) the Expiration Date, and the Participant's Beneficiary may exercise the entire unexercised portion of the then exercisable Shares covered by such Option (or any lesser amount) remaining on the date of death. (F) If a Participant who ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate is subsequently rehired prior to the expiration of the Participant's Option, then the Option shall continue to remain outstanding until the earlier of (x) such time as the Participant subsequently terminates employment and (y) the Expiration Date. Upon the Participant's subsequent termination of employment, the post‑termination exercise period calculated pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Section II.5 shall be reduced by the number of days between the date of the Participant's initial termination of employment and the Participant's re‑hire date; provided, however, that if the rehired Participant continues to be employed by the Corporation or an Affiliate for at least one year from the Participant's rehire date, then the post termination exercise period for the Option shall be determined in accordance with Sections II.5(A) through (E) and shall not be adjusted as described in this Section II.5(F). 6. Method of Exercise . A Participant may exercise an Option with respect to all or any part of the exercisable Shares as follows: (A) By giving the Corporation, or its authorized representative designated for this purpose, written notice of such exercise specifying the number of Shares as to which the Option is so exercised. Such notice shall be accompanied by an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Shares exercised, in the form of any one or combination of the following: cash or a certified check, bank draft, postal or express money order payable to the order of the Corporation in lawful money of the United States. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, the Participant may pay the Exercise Price, in whole or in part, by tendering to the Corporation or its authorized representative Shares, which have been owned by the Participant for at least six months prior to said tender, and having a fair market value, as determined by the Corporation, equal to the Exercise Price, or in lieu of the delivery of actual Shares in such tender, the Corporation may accept an attestation by the Participant, in a form prescribed by the Corporation or its authorized representative, that the Participant owns sufficient Shares of record or in an account in street name to satisfy the Exercise Price, and such attestation will be deemed a tender of Shares for purposes of this method of exercise. [COMPANY] or its authorized representative may accept payment of the amount due upon the exercise of the Option in the form of a Participant's personal check. Payment may also be made by delivery (including by FAX transmission) to the Corporation or its authorized representative of an executed irrevocable Option exercise form together with irrevocable instructions to an approved registered investment broker to sell Shares in an amount sufficient to pay the Exercise Price plus any applicable Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section VII.6) and to transfer the proceeds of such sale to the Corporation. 3 (B) If required by the Corporation, by giving satisfactory assurance in writing, signed by the Participant, the Participant shall give the Participant's assurance that the Shares subject to the Option are being purchased for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof; provided that such assurance shall be deemed inapplicable to (1) any sale of the Shares by such Participant made in accordance with the terms of a registration statement covering such sale, which has heretofore been (or may hereafter be) filed and become effective under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and with respect to which no stop order suspending the effectiveness thereof has been issued, and (2) any other sale of the Shares with respect to which, in the opinion of counsel for the Corporation, such assurance is not required to be given in order to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act. (C) As soon as practicable after receipt of the notice and the assurance described in Sections II.6(A) and (B), the Corporation shall, without transfer or issue tax (except for withholding tax arrangements contemplated in Section VII.6) and without other incidental expense to the Participant, credit the purchased Shares to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then the Corporation shall cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's unrestricted interest in the purchased Shares; provided, however, that the time of such delivery may be postponed by the Corporation for such period as may be required for it with reasonable diligence to comply with applicable registration requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any applicable listing requirements of any national securities exchange and requirements under any other law or regulation applicable to the issuance or transfer of the Shares. 7. Limitations on Transfer . An Option shall, during a Participant's lifetime, be exercisable only by the Participant. No Option or any right granted thereunder shall be transferable by the Participant by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) a Participant may designate a beneficiary to succeed, after the Participant's death, to all of the Participant's Options outstanding on the date of death; (ii) a Nonstatutory Stock Option may be transferable pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act; and (iii) any Participant, who is a senior executive officer recommended by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and approved by the Administrator may voluntarily transfer any Nonstatutory Stock Option to a Family Member as a gift or through a transfer to an entity in which more than 50% of the voting interests are owned by Family Members (or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. In the event of any attempt by a Participant to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of an Option or of any right thereunder, except as provided herein, or in the event of the levy of any attachment, execution, or similar process upon the rights or interest hereby conferred, the Corporation at its election may terminate the affected Option by notice to the Participant and the Option shall thereupon become null and void. 8. No Stockholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant's rights in the event of the Participant's death shall have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Shares subject to an Option except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent with respect to such Shares upon the exercise of an Option. 4 III. RESTRICTED STOCK 1. Restricted Stock Agreement . A Restricted Stock Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award. Each Restricted Stock Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Restricted Stock Agreement. The Restricted Stock Award is also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Rights with Respect to Shares of Restricted Stock . Upon written acceptance of a Restricted Stock Award by a Participant, including the restrictions and other terms and conditions described in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Agreement, the Corporation shall cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's interest in the Restricted Stock. From and after the Grant Date, the Participant shall have the rights of Common Stock ownership, including the right to vote and to receive dividends on Shares of Restricted Stock, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Agreement. 3. Special Restrictions . Each Restricted Stock Award made under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that no Restricted Stock grant shall be subject to additional terms, conditions and restrictions which are more favorable to a Participant than the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement. (A) Restrictions . Until the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock grant shall lapse (the “Restriction Period”), Shares of Restricted Stock granted to a Participant (i) shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act and (ii) shall, if the Participant's continuous employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates shall terminate for any reason (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section III.3(B)) be returned to the Corporation forthwith, and all the rights of the Participant to such Shares shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long‑Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate as a result of: 5 (i) Death or Long‑Term Disability, then the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Award shall lapse as to all Shares granted to such Participant pursuant to such Restricted Stock Award on the date of such termination; or (ii) Normal Retirement, then, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, with respect to any time-based Restricted Stock Award then held by such Participant as to which restrictions have not lapsed, the restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock Award shall lapse on the effective date of such Normal Retirement as to that whole number of Shares, rounded down to the nearest whole Share, equal to (a) the total number of Shares subject to such Restricted Stock Award, multiplied by (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole calendar months, rounded down to the nearest whole month, during which the Participant provided Service to the Corporation during the entire vesting period applicable to such Award, and the denominator of which is the number of calendar months in such entire vesting period, minus (c) the number of Shares originally subject to such Restricted Stock Award with respect to which restrictions shall have lapsed as of the effective date of such Normal Retirement; provided, that for purposes of clause (b) above, “whole calendar months” shall be calculated commencing on the applicable Grant Date; and provided further, that notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Statement of Terms and Conditions, this Section III.3(B)(ii) shall not apply to any Restricted Stock Award the vesting of which is based, in whole or in part, on attainment of performance objectives. (C) Restriction on Sale . The Compensation Committee reserves the right to impose a restriction on the sale of Shares that the Participant receives upon the vesting and settlement of a Restricted Stock Award, unless the Participant has satisfied the ownership targets applicable to the Participant as provided in the Stock Ownership Policy. 4. Dividends . Cash dividends paid with respect to Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be credited on behalf of the Participant to a deferred cash account (in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A) and the restrictions on such cash dividends shall lapse at the same time that the restrictions lapse on the associated Restricted Stock Award. Stock dividends paid with respect to Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be treated as Restricted Stock which shall be subject to the same restrictions as the original award for the duration of the Restricted Period. 5. Election to Recognize Gross Income in the Year of Grant . If any Participant validly elects within 30 days of the Grant Date, to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes an amount equal to the fair market value of the Shares of Restricted Stock granted on the Grant Date, such Participant shall (at the same time or prior to the date that the Participant files the Participant's election with the Internal Revenue Service) (A) pay to the Corporation, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator to pay to the Corporation in the year of such grant, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to such Shares in accordance with Section VII.6 and (B) provide the Administrator with a copy of the election filed with the Internal Revenue Service. 6 6. Restrictive Legend . Each book entry in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent evidencing Shares granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock grant may bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan and/or the Restricted Stock Agreement. 7. Expiration of Restricted Period . If and when the Restriction Period applicable to the Restricted Stock expires without a prior forfeiture, Shares shall be credited to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then an appropriate book entry recording the Participant's interest in the unrestricted Shares shall be entered on the records of the Corporation's transfer agent. IV. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES 1. Award Agreement . (A) Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units. Each Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. The Restricted Stock Units are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (B) Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Performance Share Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Performance Shares. Each Performance Share Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Performance Share Agreement. Performance Shares are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Special Restrictions . Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator, consistent with the terms of the Plan. (A) Restrictions . If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or any Affiliate (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section IV.2(B)) prior to the lapse of the restrictions imposed on the Award, the unvested Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares shall be canceled, and all the rights of the Participant to such Awards shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by 7 virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long‑Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates since the Grant Date of such Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate as a result of: (i) Death or Long‑Term Disability, then the restrictions imposed on any Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares shall lapse on the date of such termination; or (ii) Normal Retirement, then, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, with respect to any time-based Restricted Stock Units then held by such Participant as to which restrictions have not lapsed, the restrictions applicable to such Award of Restricted Stock Units shall lapse on the effective date of such Normal Retirement as to that whole number of Shares, rounded down to the nearest whole Share, equal to (a) the total number of Restricted Stock Units subject to such Award, multiplied by (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole calendar months, rounded down to the nearest whole month, during which the Participant provided Service to the Corporation during the entire vesting period applicable to such Award, and the denominator of which is the number of calendar months in such entire vesting period, minus (c) the number of Restricted Stock Units originally subject to such Award with respect to which restrictions shall have lapsed as of the effective date of such Normal Retirement; provided, that for purposes of clause (b) above, “whole calendar months” shall be calculated commencing on the applicable Grant Date; and provided further, that notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Statement of Terms and Conditions, this Section IV.2(B)(ii) shall not apply to any Performance Shares or to any Restricted Stock Units the vesting of which is based, in whole or in part, on attainment of performance objectives. (C) Restriction on Sale . The Compensation Committee reserves the right to impose a restriction on the sale of Shares that the Participant receives upon the settlement of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, unless the Participant has satisfied the ownership targets applicable to the Participant as provided in the Stock Ownership Policy. 3. Dividend Equivalents . Subject to discretion of the Compensation Committee, dividend equivalents shall be credited in respect of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares. Cash dividends shall be credited on behalf of the Participant to a deferred cash account (in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A) and the restrictions on such cash dividends shall lapse at the same time that the restrictions lapse on the associated Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares (as applicable), and cash dividends, along with accrued interest (if any) on such cash dividends, shall be paid in a lump sum at the same time that the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Unit or Performance Share Award, and to which the cash dividends relate, are distributed. Stock dividends shall be converted into additional Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, which will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the underlying 8 Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, including the same vesting restrictions as the underlying Award. 4. Assignability . A Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or encumber Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act. 5. No Stockholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant's rights in the event of the Participant's death shall have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to an Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent with respect to the Shares paid upon the settlement of any vested Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares. 6. Time of Payment of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares . Upon the lapse of the restriction imposed on Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, all Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares that were not forfeited pursuant to Section IV.2(A) or V shall be paid to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after the restrictions lapse. Payment shall be made in Shares to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then in the form of an appropriate book entry entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's unrestricted interest in the number of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant becomes eligible for Normal Retirement prior to the date of the lapse of restriction imposed on the Restricted Stock Units is scheduled to occur and the vesting provisions of Section IV(2)(B)(ii) apply, then such Restricted Stock Units shall be paid to the Participant in full at the earlier of (x) the date on which the Participant has a Separation from Service, subject to the delay of payment (if applicable) provided in Section VII.14, and (y) the fixed date on which the lapse of restrictions was originally scheduled to occur. The procedures set forth in Section VII.6 will be applied for any taxes due upon the lapse of restriction imposed on the Restricted Stock Units due to a Participant's Normal Retirement eligibility. V. SPECIAL FORFEITURE AND REPAYMENT RULES Any other provision of this Statement of Terms and Conditions to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Administrator determines that a Participant has engaged in any of the actions described in 3 below, the consequences set forth in 1 and 2 below shall result: 1. Any outstanding Option shall immediately and automatically terminate, be forfeited and shall cease to be exercisable, without limitation. In addition, any Award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares as to which the restrictions have not lapsed shall immediately and automatically be forfeited and such Shares of Restricted Stock shall be returned to the Corporation and all of the rights of the Participant to such Awards and the underlying Shares shall immediately terminate. 9 2. If the Participant exercised an Option within 12 months prior to the date upon which the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any actions described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained by the exercise of such Option measured at the date of exercise. In addition, if the restrictions imposed on any Award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares (including any unpaid dividends or Dividend Equivalents) lapsed within 12 months prior to the date the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any action described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained with respect to such Award, measured at the date such Award vested. 3. The consequences described in 1 and 2 above shall apply if the Participant, either before or after termination of employment with the Corporation or its Affiliates: (A) Discloses to others, or takes or uses for the Participant's own purpose or the purpose of others, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge, data or know‑how or any other proprietary information or intellectual property belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of the Participant's employment, whether or not they are the Participant's work product. Examples of such confidential information or trade secrets include, without limitation, customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost data, computer programs, delivery routes, advertising plans, wage and salary data, financial information, research and development plans, processes, equipment, product information and all other types and categories of information as to which the Participant knows or has reason to know that the Corporation or its Affiliates intends or expects secrecy to be maintained; (B) Fails to promptly return all documents and other tangible items belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates in the Participant's possession or control, including all complete or partial copies, recordings, abstracts, notes or reproductions of any kind made from or about such documents or information contained therein, upon termination of employment, whether pursuant to retirement or otherwise; (C) Fails to provide the Corporation with at least 30 days' written notice prior to directly or indirectly engaging in, becoming employed by, or rendering services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Corporation or its Affiliates. As used herein, “business in competition” means any person, organization or enterprise which is engaged in or is about to become engaged in any line of business engaged in by the Corporation or its Affiliates at the time of the termination of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or its Affiliates; (D) Fails to inform any new employer, before accepting employment, of the terms of this paragraph and of the Participant's continuing obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the trade secrets and other confidential information belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates; (E) Induces or attempts to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the customers of the Corporation or its Affiliates, employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue 10 or cease working with or for the Corporation or its Affiliates, or to breach any contract with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, the Participant or any third party; (F) Engages in conduct which is not in good faith and which disrupts, damages, impairs or interferes with the business, reputation or employees of the Corporation or its Affiliates; or (G) Fails to meet the Participant's continuing obligations with respect to non-disclosure, non-competition and/or non-solicitation under the Participant's agreement with the Corporation or any Affiliate. The Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Participant has engaged in any of the acts set forth in (A) through (G) above, and its determination shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. Any provision of this Section V which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable should be construed or limited in a manner that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the business objectives intended by such invalid or unenforceable provision, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Section V. VI. CHANGE IN CONTROL If as a result of a Change in Control, the Common Stock ceases to be listed for trading on a national securities exchange (an “Exchange”), any Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Performance Share Award that is unvested on the effective date of the Change in Control shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award, provided that such Award is replaced with an award for voting securities of the resulting corporation or the acquiring corporation, as the case may be, (including without limitation, the voting securities of any corporation which as a result of the Change in Control owns the Corporation or all or substantially all of the Corporation's assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) (the “[COMPANY]”) which are traded on an Exchange (a “Replacement Award”), which Replacement Award, (i) in the case of an Option, shall consist of an option with the number of underlying shares and exercise price determined in a manner consistent with Code Section 424(a) with vesting and any other terms continuing in the same manner as the replaced Option; (ii) in the case of a Performance Share Award, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the [COMPANY]'s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Performance Share Award (determined using the Corporation's stock price and assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Share Award was to be measured prior to the granting of the Replacement Award; and (iii) in the case of a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the [COMPANY]'s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award (determined using the Corporation's stock price as of the effective date 11 of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the same time and manner as the replaced Award; provided, however, that in the event of the Participant's involuntary Separation from Service by the Corporation without Cause or Separation from Service by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of any Replacement Award, the Replacement Award shall immediately vest and be paid as soon as practicable following such Separation from Service (subject to Section VII.14), based on the fair market value of the underlying shares on the vesting date, or in the case of options, based on the excess of the fair market value of the underlying shares over the option exercise price on the vesting date. If any Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Performance Share Award that is unvested at the effective time of the Change in Control is not replaced with a Replacement Award, such Award shall immediately vest and, in the case of a Performance Share Award, shall vest based upon deemed attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater. If as a result of a Change in Control, the Common Stock continues to be listed for trading on an Exchange, any unvested Option, Restricted Stock Award, or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award and any Performance Share Award shall be replaced with a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award where the number of shares subject to such Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be equal to the number of Performance Shares assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control with any restrictions on such Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Share Award was to be measured prior to the granting of the replacement Award; provided however, that, in the event of the Participant's involuntary Separation from Service by the Corporation without Cause or Separation from Service by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of an Award, such Award shall immediately vest and be paid as soon as practicable following such Separation from Service (subject to Section VII.14). VII. MISCELLANEOUS 1. No Effect on Terms of Employment . Participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment with the Participant's employer (the “Employer”) and shall not interfere with the ability of the Employer to terminate, with or without cause, or change the terms of employment of a Participant at any time. 2. Grants to Participants in Foreign Countries . In making grants to Participants in foreign countries, the Administrator has the full discretion to deviate from this Statement of Terms and Conditions in order to adjust grants under the Plan to prevailing local conditions, including custom and legal and tax requirements. Furthermore, the Corporation reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant's participation in the Plan on the Award and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertaking that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 12 3. Information Notification . Any information required to be given under the terms of an Award shall be addressed to the Corporation in care of its Corporate Secretary at Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, and any notice to be given to a Participant shall be addressed to such Participant at the address indicated beneath the Participant's name on the Award Agreement or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified and deposited (postage or registration or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office. 4. Administrator Decisions Conclusive . All decisions of the Administrator administering the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan or under an Award Agreement, shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. 5. No Effect on Other Benefit Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect a Participant's right to participate in and receive benefits from and in accordance with the then current provisions of any pensions, insurance or other employment welfare plan or program offered by the Corporation. 6. Withholding . Regardless of any action the Corporation or the Employer takes with respect to any federal, state or local income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant's participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant (“Tax-Related Items”), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant's responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Corporation or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Corporation and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant, vesting or exercise of the Award, as applicable, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Plan and the receipt of any dividends and/or dividend equivalents; and (2) do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant's liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, the Participant acknowledges that the Corporation and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Corporation and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (1) withholding from the Participant's wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Corporation and/or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Corporation (on the Participant's behalf pursuant to this authorization and any other authorization the Corporation and/or the broker designated by the Corporation may require the Participant to sign in connection with the sale of Shares); or (3) withholding Shares to be issued upon grant, vesting/settlement or exercise, as applicable. Calculation 13 of the number of Shares to be withheld shall be made based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. In no event, however, shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional Shares. With respect to an Award other than an Option, if adequate arrangements to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items are not made by the Participant with the Corporation and/or the Employer prior to the relevant taxable event, the Corporation will satisfy such obligations as provided above in (3) of this paragraph. To avoid negative accounting treatment, the Corporation may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, the Participant will be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Award, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of the Participant's participation in the Plan. Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Corporation or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Corporation or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant's participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. [COMPANY] may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant's obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. The Administrator shall be authorized to establish such rules, forms and procedures as it deems necessary to implement the foregoing. 7. Successors . The Award Agreements shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Corporation. “Participant” as used herein shall include the Participant's Beneficiary. 8. Delaware Law . The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of all Award Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. 9. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, the Participant acknowledges that: (A) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Corporation, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Corporation at any time; (B) the grant of the Award is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Award grants, or benefits in lieu of Awards, even if Awards have been granted repeatedly in the past; (C) all decisions with respect to future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Corporation; (D) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 14 (E) the Award is not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments; (F) the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Corporation; and furthermore, the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with any subsidiary or Affiliate of the Corporation; (G) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; (H) if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Options will have no value; (I) in consideration of the grant of the Award, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award which results from termination of the Participant's employment with the Employer or the Corporation or one of its Affiliates (for any reason whatsoever) and the Participant irrevocably releases the Corporation or its Affiliates from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by accepting the Award, the Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived the Participant's entitlement to pursue such claim; (J) for purposes of an Award, the Participant's employment relationship will be considered terminated as of the date the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant's employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement or determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion, the Participant's right to receive Awards and vest in Awards under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law; similarly, any right to exercise Options under the Plan after termination of employment will be measured as of the date the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law; the Administrator shall have the sole discretion to determine when the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee; (K) the Corporation is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Corporation making any recommendations regarding participation in the Plan or the Participant's acquisition or sale of Shares; and (L) Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant's own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant's participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 15 10. Data Privacy . By accepting the Award, the Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant's personal data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, the Employer and the Corporation and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Corporation and the Employer hold certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited, the Participant's name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Corporation, details of all Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Other Share-Based Awards, or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant's favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (“Data”). The Participant understands that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant's country. The Participant understands that if the Participant resides outside of the United States, the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the local human resources representative. The Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant's participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that if the Participant resides outside of the United States, the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, without cost, by contacting in writing the local human resources representative. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke the Participant's consent, the Participant's employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant's consent is that the Corporation would not be able to grant the Participant Awards or administer or maintain such Awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing consent may affect the Participant's ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that the Participant may contact the local human resources representative. 11. Severability . The provisions in this Statement of Terms and Conditions are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 12. Language . If the Participant has received this Statement of Terms and Conditions or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the 16 meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 13. Electronic Delivery . [COMPANY] may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Corporation or a third party designated by the Corporation. 14. Section 409A . If (i) the Participant is a Specified Employee at the time of the Participant's Separation from Service, and (ii) some or any portion of the amounts payable to the Participant, if any, when considered together with any other payments or benefits which may be considered deferred compensation under section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Section 409A”) and subject to the plan aggregation rules under Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(c)(3)(viii) (together, the “Deferred Compensation Benefits”) would result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to the Participant on or within the six month period following the Separation from Service, then to the extent such portion of the Deferred Compensation Benefits resulting in the imposition of additional tax would otherwise have been payable on or within the first six months following the Separation from Service, it will instead become payable on the first payroll date that occurs in the seventh month following the Separation from Service (or such longer period as is required to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A). All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. VIII. DEFINITIONS When capitalized in this Statement of Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: 1. “ Award Agreement ” means an agreement between the Participant and the Corporation evidencing the grant of an Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Award, Performance Shares or Other Share-Based Award, as applicable. 2. “ Cause ” means termination of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate upon the Participant's negligent or willful engagement in misconduct which, in the sole determination of the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation (or the Chief Executive Officer's designee), is injurious to the Corporation, its employees, or its customers. 3. “ Early Retirement ” means a termination of employment which occurs prior to Normal Retirement but on or after the date on which the Participant's age (expressed in terms of years and completed months) plus service with the Corporation or an Affiliate equals 65. For purposes of determining eligibility for Early Retirement, the term “service” shall include years and completed whole months of service. 4. “ Family Member ” means any person identified as an “immediate family” member in Rule 16(a)‑1(e) of the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. 17 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may designate any other person(s) or entity(ies) as a “family member.” 5. “ Good Reason ” means any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of the Participant: (A) Any material change by the Corporation in the Participant's functions, duties, or responsibilities, which change would cause the Participant's position with the Corporation to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope from the position and attributes that applied to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control; provided, however, that, any such change attributable to the Corporation's no longer being a company with publicly traded common stock shall not constitute Good Reason; and provided, further, that a reduction in the Participant's functions, duties or responsibilities solely by virtue of the Corporation being acquired and made part of a larger entity (for example, if following a Change in Control the Participant retains the Participant's position, or has a comparable position, with respect to a division or subsidiary of the acquirer that contains the Corporation's business) shall not constitute Good Reason; (B) Any significant reduction in the Participant's aggregate base annual salary and target incentive opportunity, as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; (C) Any material failure by the Corporation to comply with any of the provisions of an Award subsequent to a Change in Control; or (D) [COMPANY]'s requiring the Participant to be based at any location which would increase the Participant's regular one-way commute by more than 25 miles from that in effect immediately preceding the Change in Control, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of the Participant's responsibilities; Provided that the Participant gives notice to the Corporation of the existence of the Good Reason condition within 30 days of the initial existence of the Good Reason condition and the Corporation is provided 30 days after receipt of the Participant's notice to remedy the Good Reason condition; provided further that the Participant's Separation from Service must occur within six months from the initial existence of the Good Reason condition if the Corporation does not remedy such condition for such separation to be considered to be for Good Reason. 6. “ Expiration Date ” means the date that an Option expires as set forth in the Option Grant Notice as the “Expiration Date.” 7. “ Grant Date ” means the date the Administrator grants the Award. 8. “ Grant Notice ” means the notice of an Award granted to the Participant, which sets forth certain terms of such Award. 9. “ Long‑Term Disability ” means a physical or mental condition in respect of which the administrator of the Corporation's long-term disability plan has determined that the Participant is eligible to receive income replacement benefits; or, if the Participant is not then a participant in 18 the Corporation's long-term disability plan, a physical or mental condition that the administrator of the Corporation's long-term disability plan determines would have rendered the Participant eligible to receive income replacement benefits, had the Participant been enrolled in such plan. 10. “ Normal Retirement ” means retirement at age 65 (62, in the case of a participant in the Apex Health Distribution 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan) with at least 10 years of service with the Corporation or an Affiliate. For purposes of determining eligibility for Normal Retirement, “service” shall mean completed whole years of service (12 consecutive months). 11. “ Option Period ” means the period commencing on the Grant Date of an Option and, except at otherwise provided in Section II.5, ending on the Expiration Date. 12. “ Separation from Service ” means termination of employment with the Corporation or an affiliate. A Participant shall be deemed to have had a Separation from Service if the Participant's service with the Corporation or an affiliate is reduced to an annual rate that is equal to or less than 20% of the services rendered, on average, during the immediately preceding three years of service with the Corporation or an affiliate (or, if providing service to the Corporation or an affiliate for less than three years, such lesser period). 13. “ Short‑Term Disability ” means short‑term disability as defined in the Corporation's short‑term disability plan. 14. “ Specified Employee ” means those employees identified by the Corporation as "Specified Employees" for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 15. “ Stock Ownership Policy ” means the Corporation's Stock Ownership Policy, as amended from time to time, which can be found on McKNet. A Participant or a Participant's beneficiary may also request a copy of the Stock Ownership Policy by writing to the Corporate Secretary at Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460. 19 [COMPANY] STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO OPTIONS, RESTRICTED STOCK, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES GRANTED TO EMPLOYEES PURSUANT TO THE 2013 STOCK PLAN I. INTRODUCTION The following terms and conditions shall apply to an Award granted under the Plan and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. This Statement of Terms and Conditions is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and any rules promulgated thereunder. In the event of any inconsistency between this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Statement of Terms and Conditions shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. II. OPTIONS 1. Option Agreement . An Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Option Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of the Option, including whether the Option is an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option and the number of Shares subject to the Option. Each Stock Option Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Option Agreement. The Option is also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Exercise Price . The Exercise Price of an Option, as specified in the Option Agreement, shall be equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying the Option on the Grant Date. 3. Option Period . An Option shall be exercisable only during the applicable Option Period, and during such Option Period the exercisability of the Option shall be subject to the vesting provisions of Section II.4 as modified by the rules set forth in Sections II.5 and V. The Option Period shall be not more than seven years from the Grant Date. 4. Vesting of Right to Exercise Options . (A) Except as provided in Sections II.5 and V, an Option shall be exercisable during the Option Period in accordance with the following vesting schedule: (i) 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date; (ii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date; (iii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date; and (iv) the remaining 25% of the 2013 Stock Plan STC (Employee) Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may specify a different vesting schedule at the time the Option is granted, which will be specified in the Option Grant Notice. (B) Any vested portion of an Option not exercised hereunder shall accumulate and be exercisable at any time on or before the Expiration Date, subject to the rules set forth in Sections II.5 and V. No Option may be exercised for less than 5% of the total number of Shares then available for exercise under such Option. In no event shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional Shares. 5. Limits on Option Period and Acceleration of Vesting . The Option Period may end before the Expiration Date, and in certain circumstances the vesting schedule of an Option may be accelerated (subject to the provisions of Section V), as follows: (A) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its Affiliates during the Option Period for reasons other than for Cause, Long‑Term Disability, Normal Retirement, Early Retirement or death, the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) 90 days after the date of the Participant's termination of employment and (y) the Expiration Date, and in all cases the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such termination of employment. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) If the Participant's employment is terminated for Cause during the Option Period, the Option Period shall end on the date of such termination of employment and the Option shall thereupon not be exercisable to any extent whatsoever. (C) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its Affiliates due to Long‑Term Disability during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant's Option shall be accelerated, the Option shall become fully exercisable and the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of the Participant's termination of employment and (y) the Expiration Date. (D) If the Participant's employment is terminated: (i) By reason of Normal Retirement or Early Retirement, the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such retirement. (ii) With respect to an Option held by a Participant at Normal Retirement or Early Retirement, the Option Period for that portion of the Option designated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of such retirement and (y) the Expiration Date. 2 (E) If a Participant should die (i) while in the employ of the Corporation or an Affiliate and (ii) during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant's Option shall be accelerated and the Option shall become fully exercisable, the Option Period shall end on the earlier of (x) three years after the date of death and (y) the Expiration Date, and the Participant's Beneficiary may exercise the entire unexercised portion of the then exercisable Shares covered by such Option (or any lesser amount) remaining on the date of death. (F) If a Participant who ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate is subsequently rehired prior to the expiration of the Participant's Option, then the Option shall continue to remain outstanding until the earlier of (x) such time as the Participant subsequently terminates employment and (y) the Expiration Date. Upon the Participant's subsequent termination of employment, the post‑termination exercise period calculated pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Section II.5 shall be reduced by the number of days between the date of the Participant's initial termination of employment and the Participant's re‑hire date; provided, however, that if the rehired Participant continues to be employed by the Corporation or an Affiliate for at least one year from the Participant's rehire date, then the post termination exercise period for the Option shall be determined in accordance with Sections II.5(A) through (E) and shall not be adjusted as described in this Section II.5(F). 6. Method of Exercise . A Participant may exercise an Option with respect to all or any part of the exercisable Shares as follows: (A) By giving the Corporation, or its authorized representative designated for this purpose, written notice of such exercise specifying the number of Shares as to which the Option is so exercised. Such notice shall be accompanied by an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Shares exercised, in the form of any one or combination of the following: cash or a certified check, bank draft, postal or express money order payable to the order of the Corporation in lawful money of the United States. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, the Participant may pay the Exercise Price, in whole or in part, by tendering to the Corporation or its authorized representative Shares, which have been owned by the Participant for at least six months prior to said tender, and having a fair market value, as determined by the Corporation, equal to the Exercise Price, or in lieu of the delivery of actual Shares in such tender, the Corporation may accept an attestation by the Participant, in a form prescribed by the Corporation or its authorized representative, that the Participant owns sufficient Shares of record or in an account in street name to satisfy the Exercise Price, and such attestation will be deemed a tender of Shares for purposes of this method of exercise. [COMPANY] or its authorized representative may accept payment of the amount due upon the exercise of the Option in the form of a Participant's personal check. Payment may also be made by delivery (including by FAX transmission) to the Corporation or its authorized representative of an executed irrevocable Option exercise form together with irrevocable instructions to an approved registered investment broker to sell Shares in an amount sufficient to pay the Exercise Price plus any applicable Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section VII.6) and to transfer the proceeds of such sale to the Corporation. (B) If required by the Corporation, by giving satisfactory assurance in writing, signed by the Participant, the Participant shall give the Participant's assurance that the Shares subject 3 to the Option are being purchased for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof; provided that such assurance shall be deemed inapplicable to (1) any sale of the Shares by such Participant made in accordance with the terms of a registration statement covering such sale, which has heretofore been (or may hereafter be) filed and become effective under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and with respect to which no stop order suspending the effectiveness thereof has been issued, and (2) any other sale of the Shares with respect to which, in the opinion of counsel for the Corporation, such assurance is not required to be given in order to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act. (C) As soon as practicable after receipt of the notice and the assurance described in Sections II.6(A) and (B), the Corporation shall, without transfer or issue tax (except for withholding tax arrangements contemplated in Section VII.6) and without other incidental expense to the Participant, credit the purchased Shares to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then the Corporation shall cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's unrestricted interest in the purchased Shares; provided, however, that the time of such delivery may be postponed by the Corporation for such period as may be required for it with reasonable diligence to comply with applicable registration requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any applicable listing requirements of any national securities exchange and requirements under any other law or regulation applicable to the issuance or transfer of the Shares. 7. Limitations on Transfer . An Option shall, during a Participant's lifetime, be exercisable only by the Participant. No Option or any right granted thereunder shall be transferable by the Participant by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) a Participant may designate a beneficiary to succeed, after the Participant's death, to all of the Participant's Options outstanding on the date of death; (ii) a Nonstatutory Stock Option may be transferable pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act; and (iii) any Participant, who is a senior executive officer recommended by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and approved by the Administrator may voluntarily transfer any Nonstatutory Stock Option to a Family Member as a gift or through a transfer to an entity in which more than 50% of the voting interests are owned by Family Members (or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. In the event of any attempt by a Participant to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of an Option or of any right thereunder, except as provided herein, or in the event of the levy of any attachment, execution, or similar process upon the rights or interest hereby conferred, the Corporation at its election may terminate the affected Option by notice to the Participant and the Option shall thereupon become null and void. 8. No Stockholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant's rights in the event of the Participant's death shall have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Shares subject to an Option except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent with respect to such Shares upon the exercise of an Option. 4 III. RESTRICTED STOCK 1. Restricted Stock Agreement . A Restricted Stock Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award. Each Restricted Stock Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Restricted Stock Agreement. The Restricted Stock Award is also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Rights with Respect to Shares of Restricted Stock . Upon written acceptance of a Restricted Stock Award by a Participant, including the restrictions and other terms and conditions described in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Agreement, the Corporation shall cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's interest in the Restricted Stock. From and after the Grant Date, the Participant shall have the rights of Common Stock ownership, including the right to vote and to receive dividends on Shares of Restricted Stock, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Agreement. 3. Special Restrictions . Each Restricted Stock Award made under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that no Restricted Stock grant shall be subject to additional terms, conditions and restrictions which are more favorable to a Participant than the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement. (A) Restrictions . Until the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock grant shall lapse (the “Restriction Period”), Shares of Restricted Stock granted to a Participant (i) shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act and (ii) shall, if the Participant's continuous employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates shall terminate for any reason (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section III.3(B)) be returned to the Corporation forthwith, and all the rights of the Participant to such Shares shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long‑Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate as a result of: 5 (i) Death or Long‑Term Disability, then the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Award shall lapse as to all Shares granted to such Participant pursuant to such Restricted Stock Award on the date of such termination; or (ii) Normal Retirement, then, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, with respect to any time-based Restricted Stock Award then held by such Participant as to which restrictions have not lapsed, the restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock Award shall lapse on the effective date of such Normal Retirement as to that whole number of Shares, rounded down to the nearest whole Share, equal to (a) the total number of Shares subject to such Restricted Stock Award, multiplied by (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole calendar months, rounded down to the nearest whole month, during which the Participant provided Service to the Corporation during the entire vesting period applicable to such Award, and the denominator of which is the number of calendar months in such entire vesting period, minus (c) the number of Shares originally subject to such Restricted Stock Award with respect to which restrictions shall have lapsed as of the effective date of such Normal Retirement; provided, that for purposes of clause (b) above, “whole calendar months” shall be calculated commencing on the applicable Grant Date; and provided further, that notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Statement of Terms and Conditions, this Section III.3(B)(ii) shall not apply to any Restricted Stock Award the vesting of which is based, in whole or in part, on attainment of performance objectives. 4. Dividends . Cash dividends paid with respect to Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be credited on behalf of the Participant to a deferred cash account (in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A) and the restrictions on such cash dividends shall lapse at the same time that the restrictions lapse on the associated Restricted Stock Award. Stock dividends paid with respect to Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be treated as Restricted Stock which shall be subject to the same restrictions as the original award for the duration of the Restricted Period. 5. Election to Recognize Gross Income in the Year of Grant . If any Participant validly elects within 30 days of the Grant Date, to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes an amount equal to the fair market value of the Shares of Restricted Stock granted on the Grant Date, such Participant shall (at the same time or prior to the date that the Participant files the Participant's election with the Internal Revenue Service) (A) pay to the Corporation, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator to pay to the Corporation in the year of such grant, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to such Shares in accordance with Section VII.6 and (B) provide the Administrator with a copy of the election filed with the Internal Revenue Service. 6. Restrictive Legend . Each book entry in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent evidencing Shares granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock grant may bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan and/or the Restricted Stock Agreement. 6 7. Expiration of Restricted Period . If and when the Restriction Period applicable to the Restricted Stock expires without a prior forfeiture, Shares shall be credited to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then an appropriate book entry recording the Participant's interest in the unrestricted Shares shall be entered on the records of the Corporation's transfer agent. IV. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES 1. Award Agreement . (A) Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units. Each Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. The Restricted Stock Units are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (B) Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Performance Share Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Performance Shares. Each Performance Share Grant Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions, including the special terms and conditions in the Appendix for the Participant's country (if any) which forms part of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, and together both documents shall constitute the Performance Share Agreement. Performance Shares are also subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Special Restrictions . Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator, consistent with the terms of the Plan. (A) Restrictions . If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or any Affiliate (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section IV.2(B)) prior to the lapse of the restrictions imposed on the Award, the unvested Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares shall be canceled, and all the rights of the Participant to such Awards shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an Affiliate because of the Participant's Short‑Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long‑Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has 7 been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates since the Grant Date of such Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate as a result of: (i) Death or Long‑Term Disability, then the restrictions imposed on any Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares shall lapse on the date of such termination; or (ii) Normal Retirement, then, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, with respect to any time-based Restricted Stock Units then held by such Participant as to which restrictions have not lapsed, the restrictions applicable to such Award of Restricted Stock Units shall lapse on the effective date of such Normal Retirement as to that whole number of Shares, rounded down to the nearest whole Share, equal to (a) the total number of Restricted Stock Units subject to such Award, multiplied by (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of whole calendar months, rounded down to the nearest whole month, during which the Participant provided Service to the Corporation during the entire vesting period applicable to such Award, and the denominator of which is the number of calendar months in such entire vesting period, minus (c) the number of Restricted Stock Units originally subject to such Award with respect to which restrictions shall have lapsed as of the effective date of such Normal Retirement; provided, that for purposes of clause (b) above, “whole calendar months” shall be calculated commencing on the applicable Grant Date; and provided further, that notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Statement of Terms and Conditions, this Section IV.2(B)(ii) shall not apply to any Performance Shares or to any Restricted Stock Units the vesting of which is based, in whole or in part, on attainment of performance objectives. 3. Dividend Equivalents . Subject to discretion of the Compensation Committee, dividend equivalents shall be credited in respect of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares. Cash dividends shall be credited on behalf of the Participant to a deferred cash account (in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A) and the restrictions on such cash dividends shall lapse at the same time that the restrictions lapse on the associated Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares (as applicable), and cash dividends, along with accrued interest (if any) on such cash dividends, shall be paid in a lump sum at the same time that the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Unit or Performance Share Award, and to which the cash dividends relate, are distributed. Stock dividends shall be converted into additional Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, which will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, including the same vesting restrictions as the underlying Award. 4. Assignability . A Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or encumber Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act. 5. No Stockholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant's rights in the event of the Participant's death shall have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to an Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares except to the extent that 8 a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent with respect to the Shares paid upon the settlement of any vested Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares. 6. Time of Payment of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares . Upon the lapse of the restriction imposed on Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, all Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares that were not forfeited pursuant to Section IV.2(A) or V shall be paid to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after the restrictions lapse. Payment shall be made in Shares to the Participant's brokerage account of record. If the Participant does not have a brokerage account of record, then in the form of an appropriate book entry entered in the records of the Corporation's transfer agent recording the Participant's unrestricted interest in the number of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant becomes eligible for Normal Retirement prior to the date of the lapse of restriction imposed on the Restricted Stock Units is scheduled to occur and the vesting provisions of Section IV(2)(B)(ii) apply, then such Restricted Stock Units shall be paid to the Participant in full at the earlier of (x) the date on which the Participant has a Separation from Service, subject to the delay of payment (if applicable) provided in Section VII.14, and (y) the fixed date on which the lapse of restrictions was originally scheduled to occur. The procedures set forth in Section VII.6 will be applied for any taxes due upon the lapse of restriction imposed on the Restricted Stock Units due to a Participant's Normal Retirement eligibility. V. SPECIAL FORFEITURE AND REPAYMENT RULES Any other provision of this Statement of Terms and Conditions to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Administrator determines that a Participant has engaged in any of the actions described in 3 below, the consequences set forth in 1 and 2 below shall result: 1. Any outstanding Option shall immediately and automatically terminate, be forfeited and shall cease to be exercisable, without limitation. In addition, any Award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares as to which the restrictions have not lapsed shall immediately and automatically be forfeited and such Shares of Restricted Stock shall be returned to the Corporation and all of the rights of the Participant to such Awards and the underlying Shares shall immediately terminate. 2. If the Participant exercised an Option within 12 months prior to the date upon which the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any actions described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained by the exercise of such Option measured at the date of exercise. In addition, if the restrictions imposed on any Award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares (including any unpaid dividends or Dividend Equivalents) lapsed within 12 months prior to the date the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any action described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained with respect to such Award, measured at the date such Award vested. 9 3. The consequences described in 1 and 2 above shall apply if the Participant, either before or after termination of employment with the Corporation or its Affiliates: (A) Discloses to others, or takes or uses for the Participant's own purpose or the purpose of others, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge, data or know‑how or any other proprietary information or intellectual property belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of the Participant's employment, whether or not they are the Participant's work product. Examples of such confidential information or trade secrets include, without limitation, customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost data, computer programs, delivery routes, advertising plans, wage and salary data, financial information, research and development plans, processes, equipment, product information and all other types and categories of information as to which the Participant knows or has reason to know that the Corporation or its Affiliates intends or expects secrecy to be maintained; (B) Fails to promptly return all documents and other tangible items belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates in the Participant's possession or control, including all complete or partial copies, recordings, abstracts, notes or reproductions of any kind made from or about such documents or information contained therein, upon termination of employment, whether pursuant to retirement or otherwise; (C) Fails to provide the Corporation with at least 30 days' written notice prior to directly or indirectly engaging in, becoming employed by, or rendering services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Corporation or its Affiliates. As used herein, “business in competition” means any person, organization or enterprise which is engaged in or is about to become engaged in any line of business engaged in by the Corporation or its Affiliates at the time of the termination of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or its Affiliates; (D) Fails to inform any new employer, before accepting employment, of the terms of this paragraph and of the Participant's continuing obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the trade secrets and other confidential information belonging to the Corporation or its Affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates; (E) Induces or attempts to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the customers of the Corporation or its Affiliates, employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue or cease working with or for the Corporation or its Affiliates, or to breach any contract with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, the Participant or any third party; (F) Engages in conduct which is not in good faith and which disrupts, damages, impairs or interferes with the business, reputation or employees of the Corporation or its Affiliates; or (G) Fails to meet the Participant's continuing obligations with respect to non-disclosure, non-competition and/or non-solicitation under the Participant's agreement with the Corporation or any Affiliate. 10 The Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Participant has engaged in any of the acts set forth in (A) through (G) above, and its determination shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. Any provision of this Section V which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable should be construed or limited in a manner that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the business objectives intended by such invalid or unenforceable provision, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Section V. VI. CHANGE IN CONTROL If as a result of a Change in Control, the Common Stock ceases to be listed for trading on a national securities exchange (an “Exchange”), any Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Performance Share Award that is unvested on the effective date of the Change in Control shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award, provided that such Award is replaced with an award for voting securities of the resulting corporation or the acquiring corporation, as the case may be, (including without limitation, the voting securities of any corporation which as a result of the Change in Control owns the Corporation or all or substantially all of the Corporation's assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) (the “[COMPANY]”) which are traded on an Exchange (a “Replacement Award”), which Replacement Award, (i) in the case of an Option, shall consist of an option with the number of underlying shares and exercise price determined in a manner consistent with Code Section 424(a) with vesting and any other terms continuing in the same manner as the replaced Option; (ii) in the case of a Performance Share Award, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the [COMPANY]'s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Performance Share Award (determined using the Corporation's stock price and assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Share Award was to be measured prior to the granting of the Replacement Award; and (iii) in the case of a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the [COMPANY]'s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award (determined using the Corporation's stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the same time and manner as the replaced Award; provided, however, that in the event of the Participant's involuntary Separation from Service by the Corporation without Cause or Separation from Service by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of any Replacement Award, the Replacement Award shall immediately vest and be paid as soon as practicable following such Separation from Service (subject to Section VII.14), based on the fair market value of the underlying shares on the vesting date, or in the case of options, based on the excess of the fair market value of the underlying shares over the option exercise price on the vesting date. If any Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Performance Share Award that is unvested at the effective time of the Change in Control is not replaced with a Replacement Award, such Award shall immediately vest and, in the case of a Performance Share 11 Award, shall vest based upon deemed attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater. If as a result of a Change in Control, the Common Stock continues to be listed for trading on an Exchange, any unvested Option, Restricted Stock Award, or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award and any Performance Share Award shall be replaced with a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award where the number of shares subject to such Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be equal to the number of Performance Shares assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control with any restrictions on such Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Share Award was to be measured prior to the granting of the replacement Award; provided however, that, in the event of the Participant's involuntary Separation from Service by the Corporation without Cause or Separation from Service by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of an Award, such Award shall immediately vest and be paid as soon as practicable following such Separation from Service (subject to Section VII.14). VII. MISCELLANEOUS 1. No Effect on Terms of Employment . Participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment with the Participant's employer (the “Employer”) and shall not interfere with the ability of the Employer to terminate, with or without cause, or change the terms of employment of a Participant at any time. 2. Grants to Participants in Foreign Countries . In making grants to Participants in foreign countries, the Administrator has the full discretion to deviate from this Statement of Terms and Conditions in order to adjust grants under the Plan to prevailing local conditions, including custom and legal and tax requirements. Furthermore, the Corporation reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant's participation in the Plan on the Award and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Corporation determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertaking that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 3. Information Notification . Any information required to be given under the terms of an Award shall be addressed to the Corporation in care of its Corporate Secretary at Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, and any notice to be given to a Participant shall be addressed to such Participant at the address indicated beneath the Participant's name on the Award Agreement or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified and deposited (postage or registration or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office. 12 4. Administrator Decisions Conclusive . All decisions of the Administrator administering the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan or under an Award Agreement, shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. 5. No Effect on Other Benefit Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect a Participant's right to participate in and receive benefits from and in accordance with the then current provisions of any pensions, insurance or other employment welfare plan or program offered by the Corporation. 6. Withholding . Regardless of any action the Corporation or the Employer takes with respect to any federal, state or local income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant's participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant (“Tax-Related Items”), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant's responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Corporation or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Corporation and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant, vesting or exercise of the Award, as applicable, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Plan and the receipt of any dividends and/or dividend equivalents; and (2) do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant's liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, the Participant acknowledges that the Corporation and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Corporation and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (1) withholding from the Participant's wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Corporation and/or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Corporation (on the Participant's behalf pursuant to this authorization and any other authorization the Corporation and/or the broker designated by the Corporation may require the Participant to sign in connection with the sale of Shares); or (3) withholding Shares to be issued upon grant, vesting/settlement or exercise, as applicable. Calculation of the number of Shares to be withheld shall be made based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. In no event, however, shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional Shares. With respect to an Award other than an Option, if adequate arrangements to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items are not made by the Participant with the Corporation and/or the Employer prior to the relevant taxable event, the Corporation will satisfy such obligations as provided above in (3) of this paragraph. 13 To avoid negative accounting treatment, the Corporation may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, the Participant will be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Award, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of the Participant's participation in the Plan. Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Corporation or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Corporation or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant's participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. [COMPANY] may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant's obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. The Administrator shall be authorized to establish such rules, forms and procedures as it deems necessary to implement the foregoing. 7. Successors . The Award Agreements shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Corporation. “Participant” as used herein shall include the Participant's Beneficiary. 8. Delaware Law . The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of all Award Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. 9. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, the Participant acknowledges that: (A) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Corporation, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Corporation at any time; (B) the grant of the Award is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Award grants, or benefits in lieu of Awards, even if Awards have been granted repeatedly in the past; (C) all decisions with respect to future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Corporation; (D) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; (E) the Award is not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments; (F) the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Corporation; and furthermore, the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with any subsidiary or Affiliate of the Corporation; 14 (G) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; (H) if the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Options will have no value; (I) in consideration of the grant of the Award, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award which results from termination of the Participant's employment with the Employer or the Corporation or one of its Affiliates (for any reason whatsoever) and the Participant irrevocably releases the Corporation or its Affiliates from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by accepting the Award, the Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived the Participant's entitlement to pursue such claim; (J) for purposes of an Award, the Participant's employment relationship will be considered terminated as of the date the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant's employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement or determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion, the Participant's right to receive Awards and vest in Awards under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law; similarly, any right to exercise Options under the Plan after termination of employment will be measured as of the date the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee of the Corporation or one of its Affiliates and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law; the Administrator shall have the sole discretion to determine when the Participant is no longer a bona fide employee; (K) the Corporation is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Corporation making any recommendations regarding participation in the Plan or the Participant's acquisition or sale of Shares; and (L) Participant is hereby advised to consult with the Participant's own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant's participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 10. Data Privacy . By accepting the Award, the Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant's personal data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, the Employer and the Corporation and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that the Corporation and the Employer hold certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited, the Participant's name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Corporation, details of all Options, 15 Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Other Share-Based Awards, or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant's favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (“Data”). The Participant understands that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant's country. The Participant understands that if the Participant resides outside of the United States, the Participant may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the local human resources representative. The Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant's participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that if the Participant resides outside of the United States, the Participant may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, without cost, by contacting in writing the local human resources representative. Further, the Participant understands that the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke the Participant's consent, the Participant's employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant's consent is that the Corporation would not be able to grant the Participant Awards or administer or maintain such Awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing consent may affect the Participant's ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that the Participant may contact the local human resources representative. 11. Severability . The provisions in this Statement of Terms and Conditions are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 12. Language . If the Participant has received this Statement of Terms and Conditions or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 13. Electronic Delivery . [COMPANY] may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Corporation or a third party designated by the Corporation. 16 14. Section 409A . If (i) the Participant is a Specified Employee at the time of the Participant's Separation from Service, and (ii) some or any portion of the amounts payable to the Participant, if any, when considered together with any other payments or benefits which may be considered deferred compensation under section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Section 409A”) and subject to the plan aggregation rules under Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(c)(3)(viii) (together, the “Deferred Compensation Benefits”) would result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to the Participant on or within the six month period following the Separation from Service, then to the extent such portion of the Deferred Compensation Benefits resulting in the imposition of additional tax would otherwise have been payable on or within the first six months following the Separation from Service, it will instead become payable on the first payroll date that occurs in the seventh month following the Separation from Service (or such longer period as is required to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A). All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. VIII. DEFINITIONS When capitalized in this Statement of Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: 1. “ Award Agreement ” means an agreement between the Participant and the Corporation evidencing the grant of an Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Award, Performance Shares or Other Share-Based Award, as applicable. 2. “ Cause ” means termination of the Participant's employment with the Corporation or an Affiliate upon the Participant's negligent or willful engagement in misconduct which, in the sole determination of the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation (or the Chief Executive Officer's designee), is injurious to the Corporation, its employees, or its customers. 3. “ Early Retirement ” means a termination of employment which occurs prior to Normal Retirement but on or after the date on which the Participant's age (expressed in terms of years and completed months) plus service with the Corporation or an Affiliate equals 65. For purposes of determining eligibility for Early Retirement, the term “service” shall include years and completed whole months of service. 4. “ Family Member ” means any person identified as an “immediate family” member in Rule 16(a)‑1(e) of the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may designate any other person(s) or entity(ies) as a “family member.” 5. “ Good Reason ” means any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of the Participant: (A) Any material change by the Corporation in the Participant's functions, duties, or responsibilities, which change would cause the Participant's position with the Corporation to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope from the position and attributes that 17 applied to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control; provided, however, that, any such change attributable to the Corporation's no longer being a company with publicly traded common stock shall not constitute Good Reason; and provided, further, that a reduction in the Participant's functions, duties or responsibilities solely by virtue of the Corporation being acquired and made part of a larger entity (for example, if following a Change in Control the Participant retains the Participant's position, or has a comparable position, with respect to a division or subsidiary of the acquirer that contains the Corporation's business) shall not constitute Good Reason; (B) Any significant reduction in the Participant's aggregate base annual salary and target incentive opportunity, as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control; (C) Any material failure by the Corporation to comply with any of the provisions of an Award subsequent to a Change in Control; or (D) [COMPANY]'s requiring the Participant to be based at any location which would increase the Participant's regular one-way commute by more than 25 miles from that in effect immediately preceding the Change in Control, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of the Participant's responsibilities; Provided that the Participant gives notice to the Corporation of the existence of the Good Reason condition within 30 days of the initial existence of the Good Reason condition and the Corporation is provided 30 days after receipt of the Participant's notice to remedy the Good Reason condition; provided further that the Participant's Separation from Service must occur within six months from the initial existence of the Good Reason condition if the Corporation does not remedy such condition for such separation to be considered to be for Good Reason. 6. “ Expiration Date ” means the date that an Option expires as set forth in the Option Grant Notice as the “Expiration Date.” 7. “ Grant Date ” means the date the Administrator grants the Award. 8. “ Grant Notice ” means the notice of an Award granted to the Participant, which sets forth certain terms of such Award. 9. “ Long‑Term Disability ” means a physical or mental condition in respect of which the administrator of the Corporation's long-term disability plan has determined that the Participant is eligible to receive income replacement benefits; or, if the Participant is not then a participant in the Corporation's long-term disability plan, a physical or mental condition that the administrator of the Corporation's long-term disability plan determines would have rendered the Participant eligible to receive income replacement benefits, had the Participant been enrolled in such plan. 10. “ Normal Retirement ” means retirement at age 65 (62, in the case of a participant in the Apex Health Distribution 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan) with at least 10 years of service with the Corporation or an Affiliate. For purposes of determining eligibility for Normal Retirement, “service” shall mean completed whole years of service (12 consecutive months). 18 11. “ Option Period ” means the period commencing on the Grant Date of an Option and, except at otherwise provided in Section II.5, ending on the Expiration Date. 12. “ Separation from Service ” means termination of employment with the Corporation or an affiliate. A Participant shall be deemed to have had a Separation from Service if the Participant's service with the Corporation or an affiliate is reduced to an annual rate that is equal to or less than 20% of the services rendered, on average, during the immediately preceding three years of service with the Corporation or an affiliate (or, if providing service to the Corporation or an affiliate for less than three years, such lesser period). 13. “ Short‑Term Disability ” means short‑term disability as defined in the Corporation's short‑term disability plan. 14. “ Specified Employee ” means those employees identified by the Corporation as "Specified Employees" for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 19 CEO Other EOs ECOT FORM OF MCKESSON CORPORATION 2013 STOCK PLAN STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE Optionee Name: Optionee Address: Type of Option: Nonstatutory Stock Option Grant Date: Shares Granted: Price per Share: Vesting Schedule: Expiration Date: Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) is pleased to grant you a nonstatutory stock option under the Company's 2013 Stock Plan (the “Plan”) to purchase shares of common stock of the Company (“Shares”). This Grant Notice (“Notice”), together with the Statement of Terms and Conditions, as provided as an attachment to this Notice (the “ST&Cs”), constitute your Stock Option Agreement, which along with the Plan (note that the Plan incorporates by reference the Company's Compensation Recoupment Policy (the “Recoupment Policy”) and the Company's Stock Ownership Policy (the “Company Stock Ownership Policy”) as both are amended from time to time) set forth the terms of your grant. Below is a list of documents that are made available to you in connection with this Notice. PLEASE BE SURE TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION SPECIFIC TO THIS GRANT OF AN OPTION. This grant, along with any other grants you may have received in the past can be viewed on the Merrill Lynch web site at www.benefits.ml.com . This Option is subject to earlier termination than the expiration date set above in certain circumstances, as set forth in the Plan and ST&Cs. For more information about stock options, including information on how to exercise your Option, visit the Corporate Secretary's Website on McKNET under [COMPANY]/Legal/Office of the General Counsel/Corporate Secretary/Stock Administration. By signing below, I acknowledge that : 1. I agree to receive copies of the Plan, the Plan prospectus and other Plan information, including information prepared to comply with the laws outside the United States, from the Company's website and stockholder information, including copies of any annual report, proxy and Form 10-K, from the Investor Resources section of the Apex Health Distribution website at www.apexhealthdist.com; and 2. I also acknowledge that copies of the Plan, Plan prospectus, Plan information and stockholder information are available upon written or telephonic request to the Corporate Secretary (1-800-826-9360); and 3. I have access to the Company's web site; and 4. I consent to receiving electronically a copy of the document set forth above and attachments to this Notice; and 5. The Plan, (including the Recoupment Policy and Stock Ownership Policy) and ST&Cs are incorporated by reference to this Notice; and 6. [COMPANY] recommends that the Optionee consult with a tax advisor prior to accepting or exercising this Option; and 7. I accept ALL the terms and conditions as set forth in the Plan and ST&Cs applicable to this Option. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Optionee has executed this Agreement, and the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the Grant Date. Name Date [COMPANY] ATTACHMENTS: * 2013 Stock Plan * ST&Cs Applicable to _____________ * Compensation Recoupment Policy * Stock Ownership Policy * 2013 Stock Plan Prospectus July 2013 EMPLOYEE FORM OF MCKESSON CORPORATION 2013 STOCK PLAN STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE Optionee Name: Optionee Address: Type of Option: Nonstatutory Stock Option Grant Date: Shares Granted: Price per Share: Vesting Schedule: Expiration Date: Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) is pleased to grant you a nonstatutory stock option under the Company's 2013 Stock Plan (the “Plan”) to purchase shares of common stock of the Company (“Shares”). This Grant Notice (“Notice”), together with the Statement of Terms and Conditions, as provided as an attachment to this Notice (the “ST&Cs”), constitute your Stock Option Agreement, which along with the Plan (note that the Plan incorporates by reference the Company's Compensation Recoupment Policy, as amended from time to time (the “Recoupment Policy”)) set forth the terms of your grant. Below is a list of documents that are made available to you in connection with this Notice. PLEASE BE SURE TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION SPECIFIC TO THIS GRANT OF AN OPTION. This grant, along with any other grants you may have received in the past can be viewed on the Merrill Lynch web site at www.benefits.ml.com . This Option is subject to earlier termination than the expiration date set above in certain circumstances, as set forth in the Plan and ST&Cs. For more information about stock options, including information on how to exercise your Option, visit the Corporate Secretary's Website on McKNET under [COMPANY]/Legal/Office of the General Counsel/Corporate Secretary/Stock Administration. By signing below, I acknowledge that : 1. I agree to receive copies of the Plan, the Plan prospectus and other Plan information, including information prepared to comply with the laws outside the United States, from the Company's website and stockholder information, including copies of any annual report, proxy and Form 10-K, from the Investor Resources section of the Apex Health Distribution website at www.apexhealthdist.com; and 2. I also acknowledge that copies of the Plan, Plan prospectus, Plan information and stockholder information are available upon written or telephonic request to the Corporate Secretary (1-800-826-9360); and 3. I have access to the Company's web site; and 4. I consent to receiving electronically a copy of the document set forth above and attachments to this Notice; and 5. The Plan (including the Recoupment Policy) and ST&Cs are incorporated by reference to this Notice; and 6. [COMPANY] recommends that the Optionee consult with a tax advisor prior to accepting or exercising this Option; and 7. I accept ALL the terms and conditions as set forth in the Plan and the ST&Cs applicable to this Option. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Optionee has executed this Agreement, and the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the Grant Date. Name Date [COMPANY] ATTACHMENTS: * 2013 Stock Plan * ST&Cs Applicable to Employee * Compensation Recoupment Policy * 2013 Stock Plan Prospectus * Appendix - (country specific) July 2013 OUTSIDE DIRECTOR FORM OF MCKESSON CORPORATION 2013 STOCK PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE Grantee Name: Grantee Address: Number of RSUs Granted: Date of Grant: Vesting Dates: Vesting Schedule : 100% vested on grant date. Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) is pleased to grant you restricted stock units (“RSUs”) under the Company's 2013 Stock Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the “Plan”) to receive ownership of shares of common stock of the Company (“Shares”). This Grant Notice (“Notice”), together with the Statement of Terms and Conditions, as provided as an attachment to this Notice (the “ST&Cs”), constitute your Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, which along with the Plan set forth the terms of your grant. Below is a list of documents that are made available to you in connection with this Notice. PLEASE BE SURE TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION SPECIFIC TO THIS GRANT OF RSUs. This grant, along with any other grants you may have received in the past can be viewed on the Merrill Lynch web site at www.benefits.ml.com. By signing below, I acknowledge that : 1. I agree to receive copies of the stockholder information, including copies of any annual report, proxy and Form 10-K, from the Investor Resources section of the Apex Health Distribution website at www.apexhealthdist.com; and 2. I also acknowledge that copies of the Plan, Plan prospectus, Plan information and stockholder information are available upon written or telephonic request to the Corporate Secretary (1-800-826-9360); and 3. I have access to the Company's web site; and 4. I consent to receiving electronically a copy of the documents set forth above and attachments to this Notice; and 5. The Plan and ST&Cs are incorporated by reference to this Notice; and 6. [COMPANY] recommends that the Grantee consult with a tax advisor prior to accepting or vesting of this grant of RSUs; and 7. I accept ALL the terms and conditions as set forth in the Plan and the ST&Cs applicable to this grant of RSUs. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantee has executed this Agreement, and the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the Grant Date. By: William Harrington Date Grantee Signature Date Chairman, President and [COMPANY] PLEASE RETURN ONE SIGNED COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO: Apex Health Distribution Stock Administration One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, 35 th Floor, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Attention: Evelyn Shaffer ATTACHMENTS: * 2013 Stock Plan * ST&Cs Applicable to Outside Director * 2013 Stock Plan Prospectus for Non-Employee Directors * Designation of Beneficiary Form July 2013 CEO Other EOs ECOT FORM OF MCKESSON CORPORATION 2013 STOCK PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE Grantee Name: Grantee Address: Number of RSUs Granted: Date of Grant: Vesting Dates: Vesting Schedule : Provided you continue to provide service to the company or any Affiliate of the Company through the vesting date, the RSUs will become vested _________ on ___________________. Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) is pleased to grant you restricted stock units (“RSUs”) under the Company's 2013 Stock Plan (the “Plan”) to receive ownership of shares of common stock of the Company (“Shares”). This Grant Notice (“Notice”), together with the Statement of Terms and Conditions, as provided as an attachment to this Notice (the “ST&Cs”), constitute your Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, which along with the Plan (note that the Plan incorporates by reference the Company's Compensation Recoupment Policy (the “Recoupment Policy”) and the Company's Stock Ownership Policy (the “Company Stock Ownership Policy”), as both are amended from time to time) set forth the terms of your grant. Below is a list of documents that are made available to you in connection with this Notice. PLEASE BE SURE TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION SPECIFIC TO THIS GRANT OF RSUs. This grant, along with any other grants you may have received in the past can be viewed on the Merrill Lynch web site at www.benefits.ml.com. By signing below, I acknowledge that : 1. I agree to receive copies of the Plan, the Plan prospectus and other Plan information, including information prepared to comply with the laws outside the United States, from the Company's website and stockholder information, including copies of any annual report, proxy and Form 10-K, from the Investor Resources section of the Apex Health Distribution website at www.apexhealthdist.com; and 2. I also acknowledge that copies of the Plan, Plan prospectus, Plan information and stockholder information are available upon written or telephonic request to the Corporate Secretary (1-800-826-9360); and 3. I have access to the Company's web site; and 4. I consent to receiving electronically a copy of the documents set forth above and attachments to this Notice; and 5. The Plan (including the Recoupment Policy and Stock Ownership Policy) and ST&Cs are incorporated by reference to this Notice; and 6. [COMPANY] recommends that the Grantee consult with a tax advisor prior to accepting or vesting of this grant of RSUs; and 7. I accept ALL the terms and conditions as set forth in the Plan and ST&Cs applicable to this grant of RSUs. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantee has executed this Agreement, and the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the Grant Date. William Harrington Date Grantee Signature Date Chairman of the Board, President and [COMPANY] ATTACHMENTS: * 2013 Stock Plan * ST&Cs Applicable to __________ * Compensation Recoupment Policy * Stock Ownership Policy * 2013 Stock Plan Prospectus * Designation of Beneficiary Form July 2013 EMPLOYEE FORM OF MCKESSON CORPORATION 2013 STOCK PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE Grantee Name: Grantee Address: Number of RSUs Granted: Date of Grant: Vesting Dates: Vesting Schedule : Provided you continue to provide service to the company or any Affiliate of the Company through the vesting date, the RSUs will become vested ____ on __________________. Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) is pleased to grant you restricted stock units (“RSUs”) under the Company's 2013 Stock Plan (the “Plan”) to receive ownership of shares of common stock of the Company (“Shares”). This Grant Notice (“Notice”), together with the Statement of Terms and Conditions, as provided as an attachment to this Notice (the “ST&Cs”), constitute your Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, which along with the Plan (note that the Plan incorporates by reference the Company's Compensation Recoupment Policy, as amended from time to time (the “Recoupment Policy”)) set forth the terms of your grant. Below is a list of documents that are made available to you in connection with this Notice. PLEASE BE SURE TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION SPECIFIC TO THIS GRANT OF RSUs. This grant, along with any other grants you may have received in the past can be viewed on the Merrill Lynch web site at www.benefits.ml.com. By signing below, I acknowledge that : 1. I agree to receive copies of the Plan, the Plan prospectus and other Plan information, including information prepared to comply with the laws outside the United States, from the Company's website and stockholder information, including copies of any annual report, proxy and Form 10-K, from the Investor Resources section of the Apex Health Distribution website at www.apexhealthdist.com; and 2. I also acknowledge that copies of the Plan, Plan prospectus, Plan information and stockholder information are available upon written or telephonic request to the Corporate Secretary (1-800-826-9360); and 3. I have access to the Company's web site; and 4. I consent to receiving electronically a copy of the documents set forth above and attachments to this Notice; and 5. The Plan (including the Recoupment Policy) and ST&Cs are incorporated by reference to this Notice; and 6. [COMPANY] recommends that the Grantee consult with a tax advisor prior to accepting or vesting of this grant of RSUs; and 7. I accept ALL the terms and conditions as set forth in the Plan and the ST&Cs applicable to this grant of RSUs. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantee has executed this Agreement, and the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the Grant Date. William Harrington Date Grantee Signature Date Chairman of the Board, President and [COMPANY] ATTACHMENTS: * 2013 Stock Plan * ST&Cs Applicable to Employees * Compensation Recoupment Policy * 2013 Stock Plan Prospectus * Appendix - (country specific) July 2013