8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 13, 2013 Apex Health Distribution (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1-13252 87-3207296 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (620) 555-8300 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On November 15, 2013, Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) entered into Amendment No. 1 (the “Credit Agreement Amendment”) to its syndicated $1.3 billion five-year senior unsecured Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011 (the “Credit Agreement”), with [COMPANY], as co-borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. The Credit Agreement Amendment increased the maximum debt to capital ratio covenant from 56.5% to 65%. The Credit Agreement Amendment also added a cure period with respect to defaults under the Credit Agreement relating to [COMPANY] (“Celesio”) or any of its subsidiaries. The cure period allows the Company to remedy any default during the period beginning on the closing date of the Bridge Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2013 (the “Bridge Loan Agreement”), and ending on the later of (i) 90 days from and including such closing date and (ii) 60 days following the discovery by a responsible officer of the Company of such default. On November 15, 2013, the Company entered into Amendment No. 3 (the “Receivables Purchase Agreement Amendment”) to its Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2011 (the “Receivables Purchase Agreement”), with [COMPANY], as seller, the conduit purchasers party thereto, the committed purchasers party thereto, the managing agents party thereto and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as collateral agent. The Receivables Purchase Agreement Amendment increased the maximum debt to capital ratio covenant from 56.5% to 65%. The Receivables Purchase Agreement Amendment also added a cure period with respect to defaults under the Credit Agreement relating to Celesio or any of its subsidiaries, which is substantially similar to the cure period provided by the Credit Agreement Amendment, as discussed above. Additionally, the Receivables Purchase Agreement Amendment, among certain other modifications, extended the facility termination date from November 15, 2013 to November 14, 2014. The above descriptions of the Credit Agreement Amendment and Receivables Purchase Agreement Amendment do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the executed copies of the amendments and agreements, attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 8.01 Other Events. On November 13, 2013, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to its $5.5 billion 364-day unsecured Bridge Loan Agreement, with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, to clarify a closing condition regarding the requirement to provide certain financial statements of Celesio. The foregoing description of the amendment to the Bridge Loan Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the executed copy of the amendment and Bridge Loan Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3, which is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Amendment No. 1, dated November 15, 2013, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011, among the Company and [COMPANY], collectively, the Borrowers, Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as L/C Issuer, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, LTD., The Bank of Nova Scotia and U.S. Bank National Association as Co-Documentation Agents, and The Other Lenders Party Thereto, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & [COMPANY], Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager. 10.2 Amendment No. 3, dated as of November 15, 2013, Amendment No. 2, dated as of May 15, 2013, and Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 16, 2012, to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement and Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2011, among the Company, as servicer, [COMPANY], as seller, the several conduit purchasers from time to time party to the Agreement, the several committed purchasers from time to time party to the Agreement, the several managing agents from time to time party to the Agreement, and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as collateral agent. 10.3 Amendment No. 1, dated as of November 13, 2013, to the Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2013, among Apex Health Distribution, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: November 21, 2013 Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Laureen E. Seeger Laureen E. Seeger Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Amendment No. 1, dated November 15, 2013, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011, among the Company and [COMPANY], collectively, the Borrowers, Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as L/C Issuer, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, LTD., The Bank of Nova Scotia and U.S. Bank National Association as Co-Documentation Agents, and The Other Lenders Party Thereto, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & [COMPANY], Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager. 10.2 Amendment No. 3, dated as of November 15, 2013, Amendment No. 2, dated as of May 15, 2013, and Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 16, 2012, to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement and Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2011, among the Company, as servicer, [COMPANY], as seller, the several conduit purchasers from time to time party to the Agreement, the several committed purchasers from time to time party to the Agreement, the several managing agents from time to time party to the Agreement, and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as collateral agent. 10.3 Amendment No. 1, dated as of November 13, 2013, to the Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2013, among Apex Health Distribution, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto.
EX-10.1 Exhibit 10.1 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “ Amendment ”), dated as of November 15, 2013, is made with respect to the Credit Agreement dated as of September 23, 2011, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the “ Credit Agreement ”), among Apex Health Distribution (the “ Company ”), [COMPANY] (together with the Company, the “ Borrowers ”), the lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the “ Administrative Agent ”), and Bank of America, N.A., as Canadian Administrative Agent (the “ Canadian Administrative Agent ”). The parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1 . Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. Section 2. Amendment. (a) Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following terms in the appropriate alphabetical order: “ Bidco ” means [COMPANY] & Co. KGaA, a limited partnership based on shares organized under the laws of Germany. “ Celesio ” means [COMPANY], a stock corporation organized under the laws of Germany. “ Celesio Acquisition Closing Date ” means the date on which Celesio first becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower pursuant to the private sale and tender offer contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2013, among the Borrower, Bidco and Franz Haniel & [COMPANY]. “ Celesio Bridge Facility ” means that certain Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2013, among Apex Health Distribution, as borrower, the other lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. “ Celesio Bridge Closing Date ” means the “Closing Date” as such term is defined in the Celesio Bridge Facility. “ Celesio Bridge Effective Date ” means the October 23, 2013. “ Celesio Default ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.04. “ Clean-up Period ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.04 . (b) Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending the definition of “GAAP” therein set forth to add the following at the end thereof: “; provided that , to the extent related to Celesio, “GAAP” means either the foregoing or IFRS, consistently applied.” (c) Section 7.04 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: [COMPANY] shall not permit the ratio of Total Debt to Total Capitalization as of the last day of any calendar month (x) prior to the Celesio Acquisition Closing Date to exceed 0.565 to 1.00 and (y) from the Celesio Acquisition Closing Date to exceed 0.65 to 1.00; provided that clause (y) shall not apply (and clause (x) shall be deemed to apply at all times) if the Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2013, among the Borrower, Bidco and Franz Haniel & [COMPANY], has expired in accordance with its terms (after giving effect to any amendment or extension thereof) and the Celesio Acquisition Closing Date has not occurred prior to such expiration. (d) The following Section 8.04 is hereby inserted after Section 8.03 of the Credit Agreement: “ 8.04 Clean-up Period During the period beginning on the Celesio Bridge Closing Date and ending on the later of (i) 90 days from and including the Celesio Bridge Closing Date and (ii) 60 days following the discovery by a Responsible Officer of the Company of a Celesio Default (as defined below), which discovery occurs within the time period referred to in clause (i) (the “ Clean-up Period ”), none of the Administrative Agent or any Lender may (x) declare that a Default or an Event of Default has occurred (and no such Default or Event of Default will be deemed to otherwise exist hereunder during the Clean-Up Period), or (y) terminate the Commitments, declare the Loans to be due and payable or require the Borrowers to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations and Bankers’ Acceptances as a result solely of one or more Defaults or Events of Default described in Section 8.01, in each case, insofar as it relates to Celesio or any of its Subsidiaries (including for the avoidance of doubt any Default or Event of Default arising under Section 8.01(e) with respect to the Relevant Obligations of Celesio) (a “ Celesio Default ”); provided that: (a) the event or circumstance giving rise to such Celesio Default, or the result of such Celesio Default, (i) directly relates to Celesio or any of its subsidiaries (or any of their businesses, assets or liabilities), (ii) is capable of being cured or remedied during the Clean-up Period and (subject to any restrictions and limitations on the influence Bidco may exercise as shareholder of Celesio pursuant to mandatory German corporate law) commercially reasonable steps are taken by the Company or Bidco to remedy it, (iii) could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) has not been procured or approved by the Company or Bidco, and (v) was either not known by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower prior to the Celesio Bridge Effective Date or was disclosed or otherwise described in the financial statements and reports of Celesio publicly filed prior to the Celesio Bridge Effective Date; and 2 (b) that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to exercise any and all rights and remedies granted to them hereunder and under the Loan Documents with respect to any such Default or Event of Default that is still in existence after the expiration of the Clean-up Period.” Section 3. Representations and Warranties . Each Borrower represents and warrants that: (a) the representations and warranties of such Borrower contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement shall be true and correct on and as of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 3 of this Amendment, the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.08(a) of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent financial statements furnished pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and Section 6.01(b) of the Credit Agreement, respectively; and (b) after giving effect to this Amendment, no event has occurred and is continuing or will result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default. Section 4 . Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective on the date (the “ Amendment Effective Date ”) on which each of the following conditions shall be satisfied: (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received from each Borrower, the Canadian Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto, who constitute the Required Lenders, either (i) a counterpart of this Amendment signed on behalf of such party or (ii) evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such party has signed a counterpart of this Amendment; (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying that the representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of this Amendment are true and correct; and (c) The Borrower shall have paid all expenses of the Administrative Agent payable pursuant to Section 11.04(a) of the Credit Agreement to the extent invoiced on or prior the Amendment Effective Date (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent). Section 5. Reference to and Effect Upon the Credit Agreement . (a) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agentor any other party under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. 3 (b) Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle any Loan Party to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. (c) On and as of the Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to “this Agreement”, “hereof”, “hereunder”, “herein” and “hereby” and each other similar reference, and each reference in any other Loan Document to “the Credit Agreement”, “thereof”, “thereunder”, “therein” or “thereby” or any other similar reference to the Credit Agreement shall refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. Section 6. Loan Document . This Amendment is a “Loan Document” under the Credit Agreement. Section 7. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. Section 8. Counterparts . This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts by each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party hereto, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or electronic transmission (e.g., “pdf” or “tif”) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. [ Remainder of page intentionally left blank ] 4 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. MCKESSON CORPORATION By: /s/ Nicholas Loiacono Name: Nicholas Loiacono Title: Vice President and Treasurer BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: /s/ Joan Mok Name: Joan Mok Title: Vice President BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (acting through its Canada Branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent By: /s/ Medina Sales de Andrade Name: Medina Sales de Andrade Title: Vice President BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Lender By: /s/ Zubin R. Shroff Name: Zubin R. Shroff Title: Director BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (acting through its Canada Branch), as Canadian Lender By: /s/ Medina Sales de Andrade Name: Medina Sales de Andrade Title: Vice President WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Kirk Tesch Name: Kirk Tesch Title: Director J.P. MORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. By: /s/ Vanessa Chiu Name: Vanessa Chiu Title: Executive Director THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD. By: /s/ Jaime Sussman Name: Jaime Sussman Title: VP THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA By: /s/ Eugene Dempsey Name: Eugene Dempsey Title: Director U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Conan Schleicher Name: Conan Schleicher Title: Senior Vice President U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, CANADA BRANCH By: /s/ Joseph Rauhala Name: Joseph Rauhala Title: Principal Officer COÖPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A., “RABOBANK NEDERLAND”, NEW YORK BRANCH By: /s/ Alan Pendergast Name: Alan Pendergast Title: Executive Director By: /s/ Deborah Dias Name: Deborah Dias Title: Executive Director GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA By: /s/ Michelle Latzoni Name: Michelle Latzoni Title: Authorized Signatory PNC BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Matthew D. Meister Name: Matthew D. Meister Title: Assistant Vice President FIFTH THIRD BANK By: /s/ Thomas Avery Name: Thomas Avery Title: Relationship Manager By: /s/ Karen Ahern Name: Karen Ahern Title: SVP HSBC BANK USA, N.A. By: /s/ Janet Lee Name: Janet Lee Title: Vice President TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS) LLC By: /s/ Marie Fernandes Name: Marie Fernandes Title: Authorized Signatory THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK By: /s/ Marie Fernandes Name: Marie Fernandes Title: [COMPANY] By: /s/ Stephen Giacolone Name: Stephen Giacolone Title: Assistant Vice President G011 By: /s/ Karen Weich Name: Karen Weich Title: Vice President W011 Published CUSIP Number: 58155CAA2 CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of September 23, 2011 Apex Health Distribution and McKESSON CANADA CORPORATION, collectively, the Borrowers, BANK OF AMERICA, N . A . , as Administrative Agent, BANK OF AMERICA, N . A . ( acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents, WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as L/C Issuer, THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Co-Documentation Agents, and The Other Lenders Party Hereto MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED, Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 1.01 Defined Terms 1 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 22 1.03 Accounting Terms 23 1.04 Rounding 23 1.05 References to Agreements and Laws 23 1.06 Times of Day 24 1.07 Letter of Credit Amounts 24 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 24 2.01 Committed Loans 24 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 26 2.03 Letters of Credit 28 2.04 Bankers’ Acceptances for Apex Health Distribution Canada 36 2.05 Prepayments 42 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 42 2.07 Repayment of Loans 43 2.08 Interest 43 2.09 Fees 44 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 44 2.11 Evidence of Debt 44 2.12 Payments Generally 45 2.13 Sharing of Payments 47 2.14 Currency Exchange Fluctuations 47 2.15 Increase in Commitments 48 2.16 Utilization of Commitments in Canadian Dollars 49 2.17 Extension of Maturity Date 49 2.18 Defaulting Lenders 51 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 53 3.01 Taxes 53 3.02 Illegality 54 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 55 3.04 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy 55 3.05 Funding Losses 56 3.06 Matters Applicable to all Requests for Compensation 57 3.07 Survival 57 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 57 4.01 Conditions to Effectiveness 57 4.02 Existing Revolving Credit Agreement 59 4.03 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 60 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 60 5.01 Corporate Existence and Power 61 i 5.02 Corporate Authorization; No Contravention 61 5.03 Governmental Authorization 61 5.04 Binding Effect 61 5.05 Litigation 61 5.06 No Default 62 5.07 Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations 62 5.08 Financial Condition 62 5.09 Regulated Entities 62 5.10 No Burdensome Restrictions 62 5.11 Subsidiaries 63 5.12 Secured Indebtedness 63 5.13 Taxes 63 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 63 6.01 Financial Statements 63 6.02 Certificates; Other Information 64 6.03 Notices 65 6.04 Preservation of Existence, Etc 65 6.05 Maintenance of Insurance 66 6.06 Payment of Taxes 66 6.07 Compliance with Laws 66 6.08 Books and Records 66 6.09 Inspection Rights 66 6.10 Use of Proceeds 66 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 66 7.01 Liens 67 7.02 Consolidations and Mergers 68 7.03 Use of Proceeds 69 7.04 Maximum Debt to Capitalization Ratio 69 7.05 Swap Contracts 69 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 69 8.01 Events of Default 69 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 71 8.03 Application of Funds 72 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 72 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agents 72 9.02 Rights as a Lender 73 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 73 9.04 Delegation of Duties 74 9.05 Reliance by Agents 74 9.06 Successor Agents 75 9.07 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders 75 ii 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc 75 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 75 ARTICLE X THE COMPANY’S GUARANTY OF OTHER BORROWERS’ OBLIGATIONS 76 10.01 Guaranty of the Guarantied Obligations 76 10.02 Liability of the Company Absolute 77 10.03 Waivers by the Company 78 10.04 Payment by the Company; Application of Payments 79 10.05 Guarantor’s Rights of Subrogation, Contribution, Etc 80 10.06 Subordination of Other Obligations 80 10.07 [RESERVED] 81 10.08 Expenses 81 10.09 Continuing Guaranty; Termination of Guaranty 81 10.10 Authority of the Company or any Guarantied Borrower 81 10.11 Financial Condition of Guarantied Borrowers 81 10.12 Rights Cumulative 81 10.13 Bankruptcy; Post-Petition Interest; Reinstatement of Guaranty 81 ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 82 11.01 Amendments, Etc 82 11.02 Notices and [COMPANY]; Facsimile Copies 83 11.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 85 11.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 86 11.05 Payments Set Aside 88 11.06 Successors and Assigns 88 11.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 93 11.08 Set-off 94 11.09 Interest Rate Limitation 94 11.10 Counterparts 94 11.11 Integration 94 11.12 Survival of Representations and Warranties 95 11.13 Severability 95 11.14 Tax Forms 95 11.15 Replacement of Lenders 98 11.16 Governing Law 99 11.17 Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury 99 11.18 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 100 11.19 USA Patriot Act Notice 100 11.20 Judgment 100 11.21 Limitation of Apex Health Distribution Canada Liability 101 iii SCHEDULES 2.01 Commitments, Pro Rata Shares and Affiliate Banks 5.11 Subsidiaries 5.12 Material Secured Indebtedness 11.02 Administrative Agent’s Office, Certain Addresses for Notices EXHIBITS A Form of Committed Loan Notice B-1 Form of Note (Apex Health Distribution) B-2 Form of Note ([COMPANY]) C Form of Compliance Certificate D Form of Assignment and Assumption E Form of Drawing Notice F Form of Joinder Agreement G Form of Domestic Borrower Notice iv CREDIT AGREEMENT This CREDIT AGREEMENT (“ Agreement ”) is entered into as of September 23, 2011, among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), McKESSON CANADA CORPORATION, a Nova Scotia unlimited company and indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“ Apex Health Distribution Canada ”), any Subsidiary of the Company that has executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a joinder agreement in the form of Exhibit F hereto pursuant to Section 7.02(d) (together with the Company and Apex Health Distribution Canada, the “ Borrowers ” and each a “ Borrower ”), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the “ Lenders ” and each individually, a “ Lender ”), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. acting through its Canada branch, as Canadian Administrative Agent with respect to the Canadian Loans and the Bankers’ Acceptance Facility (as hereinafter defined), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as L/C Issuer. The Borrowers have requested that the Lenders make available, for the purposes specified in this Agreement, a revolving credit facility, and the Lenders are willing to make available to the Borrowers such revolving credit facility upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement (including the introductory clauses hereto), the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: “ Acceptance Usage ” means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate Face Amount of all completed Bankers’ Acceptances which have not been repaid by Apex Health Distribution Canada whether or not due and whether or not held by a Lender. For purposes of this definition, any Bankers’ Acceptance that has been prepaid in full shall not be deemed to be outstanding and all Bankers’ Acceptances shall be valued in Dollar Equivalents as of the applicable Computation Date. “ Acquired Debt Default ” means an event of default under a Relevant Obligation of a Person which becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof, which event of default occurs by reason of the change of control of such Person by virtue of the transaction pursuant to which it becomes a Subsidiary. For avoidance of doubt, an event of default under another Relevant Obligation of the Company or a Subsidiary by virtue of a cross default to an event of default described in the preceding sentence is not an Acquired Debt Default. “ Additional Commitment Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17 . “ Administrative Agent ” means Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. “ Administrative Agent’s Office ” means the Administrative Agent’s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 11.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrowers and the Lenders. “ Administrative Questionnaire ” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. “ Affiliate ” means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. “ Control ” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. “ Controlling ” and “ Controlled ” have meanings correlative thereto. “ Agent Parties ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.02(c) . “ Agents ” means the Administrative Agent and the Canadian Administrative Agent. “ Aggregate Canadian Commitments ” means the aggregate Canadian Commitments of all the Canadian Lenders, which is an amount equal to $200,000,000 on the date hereof. The Aggregate Canadian Commitments are a part of, and not an addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. “ Aggregate Commitments ” means the aggregate Commitments of all the Lenders. “ Agreement ” means this Credit Agreement. “ Anniversary Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17 . “ Applicable Agent ” means (a) the Administrative Agent in the case of Domestic Loans and Letters of Credit and (b) the Canadian Administrative Agent in the case of Canadian Loans and in connection with the Bankers’ Acceptance Facility. “ Applicable Borrower ” means (a) any Domestic Borrower, in the case of Domestic Loans and Letters of Credit and (b) Apex Health Distribution Canada, in the case of Canadian Loans and Bankers’ Acceptances. “ Applicable Currency ” means, as to any particular payment or Loan, Dollars in the case of Domestic Loans and Letters of Credit and Canadian Dollars in the case of Canadian Loans and the Bankers’ Acceptance Facility. “ Applicable Rate ” means, from time to time, the rate, expressed in basis points per annum, corresponding to the applicable Debt Rating as set forth below: Pricing Level Debt Ratings S&P/Moody’s/Fitch Facility Fee Eurodollar Rate Loans, Letters of Credit and Bankers’ Acceptances Base Rate Loans and Canadian Prime Rate Loans 1 Greater than or equal to A+/A1/A+ 7.0 68.0 0 2 A/A2/A 8.0 79.5 0 3 A-/A3/A- 10.0 90.0 0 4 BBB+/Baa1/BBB+ 12.5 112.5 12.5 5 Less than or equal to BBB/Baa2/BBB 15.0 135.0 35 “ Debt Rating ” means, as of any date of determination, the available ratings as determined by S&P, Moody’s and/or Fitch (collectively, the “ Debt Ratings ”) of the Company’s non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt; provided that (a) if the Company shall maintain a 2 rating of its non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt from only two of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch then the higher of such Debt Ratings shall apply (with the Debt Rating for Pricing Level 1 being the highest and the Debt Rating for Pricing Level 6 being the lowest), unless there is a split in Debt Ratings of more than one Pricing Level, in which case the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to a Debt Rating that is one Pricing Level lower than the higher of the Company’s two Debt Ratings, (b) if the Company shall maintain a Debt Rating of its non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt from only one of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch, then that single Debt Rating shall apply, (c) if the Company shall maintain a Debt Rating of its non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt from all three of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch and there is a difference in such Debt Ratings, (i) if there is a difference of only one Pricing Level between the highest and lowest of such Debt Ratings, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the higher Debt Rating, and (ii) if there is a difference of more than one Pricing Level between any of the Debt Ratings, and if two Debt Ratings are equivalent and the third Debt Rating is lower, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the higher Debt Rating; otherwise the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to a Debt Rating that is one Pricing Level below the highest of the Company’s three Debt Ratings and (d) if the Company shall fail to maintain any Debt Rating of its non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt from any of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch, then the Applicable Rate shall be the same as the Applicable Rate that would apply if the Company had the lowest Debt Ratings set forth in the Applicable Rate grid above. Initially, the Applicable Rate shall be determined based upon the Debt Rating specified in the certificate delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(vi) . Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Rating shall be effective, in the case of an upgrade, during the period commencing on the date of delivery by the Company to the Administrative Agent of notice thereof pursuant to Section 6.03(e) and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change and, in the case of a downgrade, during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. “ Approved Fund ” means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. “ Arranger ” means Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & [COMPANY], in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole book manager. “ Assignment and Assumption ” means an Assignment and Assumption substantially in the form of Exhibit D . “ Attorney Costs ” means and includes all fees, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external counsel and, without duplication, the allocated cost of internal legal services and all expenses and disbursements of internal counsel; provided that no fees, expenses or disbursements shall qualify as Attorney Costs unless written evidence substantiating such fees, expenses and disbursements is available to the Company upon request. “ Attributable Indebtedness ” means, on any date, (a) in respect of any capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. 3 “ [COMPANY] Statements ” means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. “ Availability Period ” means the period from and including the date hereof to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . “ BA Canada ” means Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), and its successors. “ Bank of America ” means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. “ Bankers’ Acceptance ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(a) . “ Bankers’ Acceptance Credit Extension ” means, with respect to any Bankers’ Acceptance, the acceptance thereof or the renewal or increase of the amount thereof. “ Bankers’ Acceptance Facility ” means the facility established by Section 2.04(a) . “ Base Rate ” means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its “prime rate,” and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus 1%. The “prime rate” is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America’s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. “ Base Rate Committed Loan ” means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. “ Base Rate Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. “ Beneficiary ” means, in relation to a Letter of Credit, from time to time, the initial beneficiary, a transferee beneficiary, a successor beneficiary, a nominated bank, a negotiating bank or a confirming bank with respect to such Letter of Credit, as applicable. “ Borrower ” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. “ Borrower Materials ” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . “ Borrowing ” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 . “ Business Day ” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, Charlotte, North Carolina or Midland, Kansas, or, in the case of Canadian Loans or in connection with the Bankers’ Acceptance Facility, Toronto, are authorized or required by law to close and, if such day relates to any Eurodollar 4 Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. “ Canadian Administrative Agent ” means BA Canada, in its capacity as the Canadian administrative agent for the Canadian Lenders, and any successor Canadian administrative agent. “ Canadian Administrative Agent’s Office ” means the Canadian Administrative Agent’s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 11.02 , or such other address or account as the Canadian Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrowers and Canadian Lenders. “ Canadian Commitment ” means, as to each Canadian Lender, an aggregate amount equal to the amount set forth opposite its name in the column under the heading “Canadian Commitments” on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. “ Canadian Dollars ” and “ Cdn.$ ” each means the lawful money of Canada. “ Canadian Exposure ” means, as to any Canadian Lender (a) prior to the termination of the Canadian Commitment, such Canadian Lender’s Canadian Commitment and (b) after the termination of the Canadian Commitment, the Total Canadian Outstandings for such Canadian Lender. “ Canadian Lender ” means each Canadian bank listed on Schedule 2.01 as a Canadian Lender, and their successors and assigns. “ Canadian Loan ” means any Loan made to Apex Health Distribution Canada pursuant to Section 2.01(b) denominated in Canadian Dollars, which may be a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan. “ Canadian Participant ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(b)(ii) . “ Canadian Participation ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(b)(ii) . “ Canadian Prime Rate ” means, for any day, with respect to any Canadian Loan, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the higher of (a) the rate announced by the Canadian Administrative Agent from time to time as its prime lending rate, as in effect from time to time, and (b) a rate equal to the CDOR that would apply to a one-month Bankers’ Acceptance accepted by BA Canada if made on such day plus 0.75% per annum. As to any loan, the Canadian Prime Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer. The Canadian Administrative Agent may make commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above or below the Canadian Prime Rate. Any change in the reference rate announced by the Canadian Administrative Agent shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the announcement of such change. “ Canadian Prime Rate Loans ” means Canadian Loans bearing interest at rates determined by reference to the Canadian Prime Rate. “ Canadian Pro Rata Share ” means, as to any Canadian Lender at any time, the percentage equivalent (expressed as a decimal, rounded to the ninth decimal place) at such time of such Canadian Lender’s Canadian Exposure divided by the combined Canadian Exposure of all Canadian Lenders (including, in each case, Canadian Exposure of Affiliates of Canadian Lenders). The initial Canadian Pro Rata Share of each Canadian Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Canadian Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Canadian Lender becomes a party 5 hereto, as applicable. “ Canadian Resident ” shall mean a Person that is either (a) a resident of Canada for purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) or (b) the Canada branch of an authorized foreign bank that will receive all amounts contemplated under this agreement as part of its Canadian banking business for purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada). “ Canadian Spot Rate ” means the rate quoted by Bank of America as the spot rate for the purchase by Bank of America of such currency with another currency through its FX Trading Office at approximately 8:00 a.m. on the Computation Date. “ Cash Collateralize ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(g) . “ CDOR ” means, for any day and relative to Bankers’ Acceptances having any specified Face Amount and maturity, the average of the annual rates for Bankers’ Acceptances having such specified Face Amount and maturity (or a Face Amount and maturity as closely as possible comparable to such specified Face Amount and maturity) of the banks named in Schedule I to the Bank Act (Canada) that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR page as of at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, as of 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on the next preceding Business Day), provided that if such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen CDOR page at such time on such date, CDOR for such date will be the annual rate of interest (rounded upward to the nearest whole multiple of 1/100 of 1% calculated) as of 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on such date on the basis of the discount amount at which the Canadian Administrative Agent is then offering to purchase Bankers’ Acceptances accepted by it having a comparable aggregate Face Amount and identical maturity date to the aggregate Face Amount and maturity date of such Bankers’ Acceptances. “ Change in Law ” means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. “ Change of Control ” means an event or series of events by which: (a)(i) with respect to the Company, any “person” or “group” (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have “beneficial ownership” of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an “ option right ”)), directly or indirectly, of 51% or more of the equity securities of the Company entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Company on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) 6 ( provided that “Change of Control” shall not include any such acquisition which occurs as part of a transaction consisting of (x) the Company becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (y) the holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following such transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Company’s voting stock immediately prior to such transaction) and (ii) with respect to the Domestic Subsidiary that becomes a Borrower pursuant to Section 7.02(d), any “person” or “group” other than the Company becomes the “beneficial owner”, directly or indirectly, of any equity securities of such Domestic Subsidiary entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of such Domestic Subsidiary on a fully-diluted basis; or (b) during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Company cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body (excluding, in the case of both clause (ii) and clause (iii), any individual whose initial nomination for, or assumption of office as, a member of that board or equivalent governing body occurs as a result of an actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents for the election or removal of one or more directors by any person or group other than a solicitation for the election of one or more directors by or on behalf of the board of directors). “ Clearing House ” means The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited, or such alternative clearing house within the meaning of The Depository Bills and Notes Act (Canada). “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. “ Commitment ” means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans (including any Canadian Commitment of any Canadian Lender to make Canadian Loans or purchase Bankers’ Acceptances) to the Borrowers pursuant to Article II and (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The Commitment for any Lender that has an Affiliate is a single value for such Lender and its Affiliate taken together. “ Committed Loan ” means a Domestic Loan or a Canadian Loan. “ Committed Loan Notice ” means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A . “ Company ” has the meaning specified in the introductory clause hereto. “ Company Guaranty ” means the Company’s guaranty of the Obligations of each other Borrower, the terms of which guaranty are located in Article X of this Agreement. “ Compliance Certificate ” means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C . 7 “ Computation Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . “ Contractual Obligation ” means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. “ Control ” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Affiliate.” “ Credit Extension ” means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing, (b) a Bankers’ Acceptance Credit Extension and (c) an L/C Credit Extension. “ Debt Rating ” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Applicable Rate.” “ Debtor Relief Laws ” means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada) and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. “ Default ” means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. “ Default Rate ” means an interest rate equal to (a) the Base Rate plus (b) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (c) 2% per annum; provided , however , that, with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2% per annum, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. “ Defaulting Lender ” means, subject to Section 2.18 , (a) any Lender that (i) has failed to fund any portion of the Committed Loans or participations in L/C Obligations required to be funded by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, (ii) has otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute, (iii) has notified any Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders’ obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender’s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied) or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (iv) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that it will comply with its funding obligations hereunder ( provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (iv) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent), (v) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (x) become the subject of an Insolvency Proceeding, (y) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, or (z) taken any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment (provided 8 that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority) and (b) any Canadian Lender that has failed to purchase any Draft or Bankers’ Acceptance. “ Dollar ” and “ $ ” mean lawful money of the United States. “ Dollar Equivalent ” means, at any time, (a) as to any amount denominated in Dollars, the amount thereof at such time, and (b) as to any amount denominated in Canadian Dollars, the equivalent amount in Dollars as determined by the Applicable Agent at such time on the basis of the Canadian Spot Rate for the purchase of Dollars with Canadian Dollars on the most recent Computation Date provided for in Section 2.16(a) . “ Domestic Borrower ” means the Company and the Domestic Subsidiary that has become a Borrower pursuant to a joinder agreement in the form of Exhibit F as contemplated by Section 7.02(d) . “ Domestic Borrower Notice ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.02(d) . “ Domestic Lender ” means each Lender acting in the capacity of a domestic lender listed on Schedule 2.01 as a Domestic Lender, and their successors and assigns. “ Domestic Loan ” means any Loan made to a Domestic Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) denominated in Dollars, which may be a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a Base Rate Loan. “ Domestic Subsidiary ” means each Subsidiary of the Company that is organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia. “ Draft ” means, at any time, a bill of exchange, within the meaning of the Bills of Exchange Act (Canada) drawn by Apex Health Distribution Canada to be accepted by a Canadian Lender (which upon such acceptance will be a Bankers’ Acceptance) and bearing such distinguishing letters and numbers as such Canadian Lender may determine, but which at such time, except as otherwise provided herein, has not been accepted by a Canadian Lender. “ Drawing ” means an acceptance of completed Drafts by a Canadian Lender or by any other Person pursuant to Section 2.04 . “ Drawing Date ” means any Business Day fixed pursuant to Section 2.04(b) for a Drawing. “ Drawing Fee ” means, with respect to the Drafts issued by Apex Health Distribution Canada hereunder and accepted as provided herein on any Drawing Date, an amount equal to the Drawing Fee Rate multiplied by the aggregate Face Amount of such Drafts, calculated, in each case, on the basis of the term to maturity of such Draft and a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be (rounded to the nearest whole cent, with one-half of one cent being rounded up). “ Drawing Fee Rate ” means, in calculating the Drawing Fee for any Draft, the Applicable Rate for Bankers’ Acceptances. “ Drawing Notice ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(b)(i) . “ Drawing Purchase Price ” means, in respect of Drafts to be accepted by a Canadian Lender or any other Person, the difference between (a) the result (rounded to the nearest whole cent, with one-half of one cent being rounded up) obtained by dividing the aggregate Face Amount of such Drafts by the sum 9 of one plus the product of (i) the Effective Discount Rate multiplied by (ii) a fraction the numerator of which is the term of maturity of such Drafts and the denominator of which is 365; and (b) the applicable Drawing Fee. “ Effective Discount Rate ” means (a) with respect to any Bankers’ Acceptance accepted by a Canadian Lender named on Schedule I to the Bank Act (Canada), the rate determined by the Canadian Administrative Agent as being CDOR on the applicable Drawing Date, and (b) with respect to any Bankers’ Acceptance accepted by any other Canadian Lender, the lesser of (i) the rate advised by such Canadian Lender to the Canadian Administrative Agent as being the discount rate of such Canadian Lender, calculated on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and determined in accordance with normal market practice, for bankers’ acceptances of such Lender having comparable Face Amount and identical maturity date to the Face Amount and maturity date of such Bankers’ Acceptance and (ii) the rate determined by the Canadian Administrative Agent in accordance with clause (a) above plus 0.07% per annum. “ Eligible Assignee ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(g) . “ Environmental Laws ” means any and all federal, state, provincial, municipal, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. “ Environmental Liability ” means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines or penalties), of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials or (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment. “ ERISA ” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. “ ERISA Affiliate ” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). “ ERISA Event ” means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate. “ Eurodollar Base Rate ” has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurodollar Rate. 10 “ Eurodollar Rate ” means (a) for any Interest Period with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, a rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the following formula: Eurodollar Rate = Eurodollar Base Rate 1.00 — Eurodollar Reserve Percentage where, “ Eurodollar Base Rate ” means, for such Interest Period, the rate per annum equal to the British Bankers Association LIBOR Rate (“ BBA LIBOR ”), as published by Reuters (or other commercially available source providing quotations of BBA LIBOR as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period for deposits in the Applicable Currency (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the “Eurodollar Base Rate” for such Interest Period shall be the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in the Applicable Currency for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in same day funds in the approximate amount of the Eurodollar Rate Loan being made, continued or converted by Bank of America and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by Bank of America’s London Branch (or other Bank of America branch or Affiliate) to major banks in the London or other offshore interbank eurodollar market for such currency at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; and (b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, a rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the following formula: Eurodollar Rate = Eurodollar Base Rate 1.00 — Eurodollar Reserve Percentage where, “ Eurodollar Base Rate ” means the rate per annum equal to (i) BBA LIBOR, as published by Reuters (or such other commercially available source providing quotations of BBA LIBOR as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to such date, for Dollar deposits with a term of one month commencing on that day or, (ii) if such rate is not available at such time for any reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the date of determination in same day funds in the approximate amount of the Base Rate Loan being made or maintained and with a term equal to one month would be offered by Bank of America’s London Branch to major banks in the London interbank eurodollar market at their request at the date and time of determination. “ Eurodollar Rate Loan ” means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of “Eurodollar Rate.” 11 “ Eurodollar Reserve Percentage ” means, for any day during any Interest Period (A) in the case of Domestic Loans, the reserve percentage (expressed as a decimal, carried out to five decimal places) in effect on such day, whether or not applicable to any Domestic Lender, under regulations issued from time to time by the FRB for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “Eurocurrency liabilities”) and (B) in the case of Canadian Loans, the reserve percentage (expressed as a decimal, carried out to five decimal places) in effect on such day, whether or not applicable to any Canadian Lender, under any applicable regulations of the central bank or other relevant Governmental Authority in Canada. The Eurodollar Rate for each outstanding Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be adjusted automatically as of the effective date of any change in the Eurodollar Reserve Percentage. “ Event of Default ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . “ Excluded Taxes ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a) . “ Existing Letters of Credit ” means those letters of credit issued prior to the date hereof for the account of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, as identified by the L/C Issuer to the Administrative Agent in a writing confirmed by the Company on or prior to the date hereof. “ Existing Maturity Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17 . “ Existing Revolving Credit Agreement ” means that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 8, 2007 among the Company, Apex Health Distribution Canada, Bank of America, as administrative agent, BA Canada, as Canadian administrative agent, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as L/C issuer, and the lenders from time to time party thereto, as amended to date. “ Exposure ” means, with respect to any Lender, (a) prior to the termination of the Commitment, such Lender’s Commitment and (b) after the termination of the Commitment, the Total Outstandings for such Lender. “ Extending Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17 . “ Face Amount ” means, in respect of a Draft or a Bankers’ Acceptance, as the case may be, the amount payable to the holder thereof on its maturity. “ FATCA ” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement, and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof. “ Federal Funds Rate ” means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the weighted average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. “ Fee Letter ” means the letter agreement, dated September 8, 2011, among the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger. 12 “ Fitch ” means Fitch, Inc., a majority-owned subsidiary of Fimalac, S.A., and any successor thereto. “ Foreign Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(a)(i) . “ FRB ” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. “ Fronting Exposure ” means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. “ Fund ” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. “ FX Trading Office ” means the Foreign Exchange Trading Unit of Bank of America located in London, England, or such other of Bank of America’s offices as Bank of America may designate from time to time or, if Bank of America is no longer the Administrative Agent, the offices of Administrative Agent as Administrative Agent may designate from time to time. “ GAAP ” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. “ Governmental Authority ” means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. “ Granting Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(h) . “ Guarantee ” means, as to any Person, any (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the “primary obligor”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the 13 maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term “Guarantee” as a verb has a corresponding meaning. “ Guarantied Obligations ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.01 . “ Hazardous Materials ” means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. “ Indebtedness ” means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following: (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money; (b) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); (c) all non-contingent reimbursement or payment obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers’ acceptances, bank guaranties, shipside bonds, surety bonds and similar instruments; (d) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; (e) capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; (f) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; (g) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to property acquired by the Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property); and (h) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person, whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any capital lease or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. “ Indemnified Liabilities ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.04 . “ Indemnitees ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.04 . “ Insolvency Proceeding ” means (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other 14 Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors, or other similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors; undertaken under any Debtor Relief Law. “ Interest Payment Date ” means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided, however , that if any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan, (i) the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter and (ii) the Maturity Date. “ Interest Period ” means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Loan and ending on the date one, two, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Applicable Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice; provided that: (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; (b) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. “ IRS ” means the United States Internal Revenue Service. “ ISP ” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the “International Standby Practices 1998” published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). “ Issuer Documents ” means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer and the applicable Domestic Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to any such Letter of Credit. “ Laws ” means, collectively, all international, foreign, Canadian, federal, state, provincial, municipal and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. “ L/C Advance ” means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender’s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Pro Rata Share. “ L/C Borrowing ” means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Borrowing. 15 “ L/C Credit Extension ” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the renewal or increase of the amount thereof. “ L/C Issuer ” means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. “ L/C Obligations ” means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.07 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be “outstanding” in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. “ Lender ” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, as the context requires, includes the L/C Issuer. “ Lending Office ” means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as its “Lending Office” or “Domestic Lending Office” or “Eurodollar Lending Office,” as the case may be, in such Lender’s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Company and the Administrative Agent. “ Letter of Credit ” means (a) any letter of credit issued hereunder and (b) each of the Existing Letters of Credit. A Letter of Credit may be a commercial letter of credit or a standby letter of credit. “ Letter of Credit Application ” means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C Issuer. “ Letter of Credit Expiration Date ” means the day that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect. “ Letter of Credit Sublimit ” means an amount equal to $500,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. “ Lien ” means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing); provided that “Lien” shall not include (i) the interest of a lessor under an operating lease or (ii) the sale of accounts receivable. “ Loan ” means an extension of credit by a Lender to a Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan. “ Loan Documents ” means this Agreement, any joinder agreement delivered pursuant to Section 7.02(d), any Notes, any Drafts, any Bankers’ Acceptances, the Fee Letter and all other documents delivered to the Administrative Agent, Canadian Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection herewith. “ Loan Parties ” means, collectively, the Borrowers. “ Margin Stock ” means “margin stock” as such term is defined in Regulation T, U or X of the 16 FRB. “ Master Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in the definition of “Swap Contract.” “ Material Adverse Effect ” means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the ability of any Borrower to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Borrower of any Loan Document to which it is a party. “ Material Subsidiary ” means, at any time, (a) Apex Health Distribution Canada and (b) any other Subsidiary having at such time 10% or more of the Company’s consolidated total (gross) revenues for the preceding four fiscal quarter period, as of the last day of the preceding fiscal quarter based upon the Company’s most recent annual or quarterly financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent under Section 6.01 . “ Maturity Date ” means the later of (a) September 23, 2016 or (b) if the term of this Agreement is extended pursuant to Section 2.17 , such extended termination date as determined pursuant to such Section ; provided, however, that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day; provided further that with respect to any Non-Extending Lender, the Maturity Date of such Non-Extending Lender’s Commitment shall be the Existing Maturity Date notwithstanding the extension of Commitments by any other Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 . “ Apex Health Distribution Canada ” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. “ Member ” means a Canadian Lender that has entered into a contract of membership with the Clearing House. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. “ Multiemployer Plan ” means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. “ Net Worth ” means (a) sum of (i) the capital stock, (ii) additional paid in capital, (iii) retained earnings (or minus accumulated deficits) and (iv) accumulated other comprehensive income, minus (b) treasury stock, in each case, of the Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP on such date. “ Non-Extending Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17 . “ Note ” means a promissory note executed by a Borrower in favor of a Lender pursuant to Section 2.11 , substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 with respect to Domestic Loans or substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 with respect to Canadian Loans. “ Notice Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17 . “ Obligations ” means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, Draft, Bankers’ Acceptance or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), 17 absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. “ Organization Documents ” means, with respect to (a) any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws, (b) any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement or operating agreement, (c) any partnership, the certificate of formation and partnership agreement, and (d) any organization incorporated or formed in any non-U.S. jurisdiction, constitutive documents with respect to such organization that are equivalent or comparable to the foregoing, as may be applicable. “ Other Taxes ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(b) . “ Outstanding Amount ” means (a) with respect to Committed Loans and on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans occurring on such date; (b) with respect to any Bankers’ Acceptances on any date, the amount of the Acceptance Usage on such date after giving effect to any Bankers’ Acceptance Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the Acceptance Usage as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding unpaid drawings under any Bankers’ Acceptance or any reductions in the maximum amount available for drawing under Bankers’ Acceptance taking effect on such date; and (c) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding unpaid drawings under any Letters of Credit or any reductions in the maximum amount available for drawing under Letters of Credit taking effect on such date. “ Overnight Canadian Rate ” means, for any day, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Canadian Dollars, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by the Administrative Agent’s London Branch to major banks in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market. “ Participant ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d)(i) . “ Participant Register ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d)(ii) . “ Participation Funding Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) . “ PBGC ” means the [COMPANY]. “ Pension Plan ” means any “employee pension benefit plan” (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. “ Person ” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 18 “ Plan ” means any “employee benefit plan” (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by any Borrower or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. “ Pro Rata Share ” means, with respect to each Lender at any time, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Commitment of such Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the amount of the Aggregate Commitments at such time; provided that if the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans, the obligation of the Canadian Lenders to make Bankers’ Acceptance Credit Extensions and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Pro Rata Share of each Lender shall be determined based on the Pro Rata Share of such Lender immediately prior to such termination and after giving effect to any subsequent assignments made pursuant to the terms hereof. The initial Pro Rata Share of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. “ Proceedings ” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(c) . “ Qualified Receivables Transaction ” mean any transaction or series of transactions entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries sells, conveys or otherwise transfers to (i) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) and (ii) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or grants a security interest in (all of the following constituting “ Receivables Program Assets ”), any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) or inventory of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including, without limitation, all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable or inventory, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable or inventory. “ Receivables Subsidiary ” means a Subsidiary of the Company which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable or inventory (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction), (ii) is recourse or obligates the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in any way other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (other than accounts receivable or inventory and related assets as provided in the definition of “Qualified Receivables Transaction”), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, (b) with which neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms customary for securitization of receivables or inventory and (c) with which neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company has any obligations to maintain or preserve such Subsidiary’s financial condition or cause such Subsidiary to achieve certain levels of operating results. [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation, shall be deemed a Receivables Subsidiary. “ Register ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.06(c) . 19 “ Related Parties ” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates. “ Relevant Obligation ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(e) . “ Reportable Event ” means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. “ Request for Credit Extension ” means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to a Bankers’ Acceptance, a Drawing Notice and (c) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application. “ Request Period ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17 . “ Required Lenders ” means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50% of the Aggregate Commitments or, if the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans, the obligation of each Canadian Lender to make Bankers’ Acceptance Credit Extensions and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 , Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50% of the Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lender’s risk participation and funded participation in Bankers’ Acceptances and L/C Obligations being deemed “held” by such Lender for purposes of this definition); provided that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. “ Requirement of Law ” means, as to any Person, any law (statutory or common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination, decree or order of an arbitrator or of a Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon the Person or any of its property or to which the Person or any of its property is subject, including but not limited to any Environmental Law. “ Response Deadline ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17 . “ Responsible Officer ” means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, corporate vice president or the treasurer of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. “ S&P ” means Standard & Poor’s [COMPANY], a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto. “ SEC ” means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. “ SPC ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(h) . “ Subsidiary ” of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, unlimited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, 20 directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a “Subsidiary” or to “Subsidiaries” shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company. “ Swap Contract ” means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind (other than Eligible ASRs, as defined below), and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement relating to any of the foregoing (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a “ Master Agreement ”), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement (other than Eligible ASRs). “ Eligible ASR ” shall mean any accelerated share repurchase documented under a Master Agreement. “ Swap Termination Value ” means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). “ Synthetic Lease Obligation ” means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). “ Taxes ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a) . “ Total Canadian Outstandings ” means (a) as to all Lenders at any date of determination, the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Canadian Loans plus (ii) the Acceptance Usage, in each case valued in Dollar Equivalents, and (b) as to any Canadian Lender at any date of determination, the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Canadian Loans made by such Canadian Lender or its Affiliate plus (y) the Acceptance Usage of such Canadian Lender or its Affiliate, in each case valued in Dollar Equivalents. “ Total Capitalization ” means, on any date, the sum of (a) Total Debt and (b) the Net Worth on such date. “ Total Debt ” means, on any date, the difference of (a) all Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis on such date, minus (b) Indebtedness incurred by any Receivables Subsidiary in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction. 21 “ Total Outstandings ” means (a) as to all Lenders at any date of determination, the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations plus (ii) the Acceptance Usage, in each case valued in Dollar Equivalents, and (b) as to any Lender at any date of determination, the sum of (x) the Outstanding Amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations of such Lender or its Affiliate plus (y) the Acceptance Usage of such Lender or its Affiliate, in each case valued in Dollar Equivalents. “ Type ” means (a) with respect to a Domestic Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan and (b) with respect to a Canadian Loan, its character as a Canadian Prime Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan. “ Unfunded Pension Liability ” means the excess of a Pension Plan’s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan’s assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. “ United States ” and “ U.S. ” mean the United States of America. “ Unreimbursed Amount ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c)(i) . “ Wholly-Owned Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary in which (other than directors’ qualifying shares required by law) 100% of the capital stock of each class or other interests having ordinary voting power, and 100% of the capital stock of every other class or other interests, in each case, at the time as of which any determination is being made, is owned, beneficially and of record, by the Company, or by one or more of the other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries, or both. 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: (a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. (b)(i) The words “ herein ,” “ hereto ,” “ hereof ” and “ hereunder ” and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. (ii) Article , Section , Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Loan Document in which such reference appears. (iii) The term “ including ” is by way of example and not limitation. (iv) The term “ documents ” includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. (c) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “ from ” means “ from and including ”; the words “ to ” and “ until ” each mean “ to but excluding ;” and the word “ through ” means “ to and including ”. 22 (d) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 1.03 Accounting Terms . (a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the [COMPANY] Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. (b) If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Company or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Company shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that , until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. (c) If the Company shall elect as of the end of any financial reporting period to prepare financial statements in accordance with [COMPANY] Reporting Standards, as published by the International Accounting Standards Board (“ IFRS ”), rather than GAAP, then, following delivery to Administrative Agent of a completed Compliance Certificate attaching the information required to be delivered for such financial reporting period, the parties hereto shall use their best efforts to amend (in a manner mutually satisfactory to Lenders and Borrowers) the thresholds or methods of calculation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document such that compliance therewith is neither more nor less burdensome (as determined by the Required Lenders in their sole discretion) to Borrowers as a result of such conversion to IFRS and, thereafter, all references in the Loan Documents to GAAP shall be deemed references to IFRS. (d) All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 1.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 1.05 References to Agreements and Laws . Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to Organization Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, 23 supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by any Loan Document; and (b) references to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. 1.06 Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Pacific time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 1.07 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 2.01 Committed Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Domestic Loans to the Domestic Borrowers from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender’s Commitment; provided, however , that after giving effect to any Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations and all Bankers’ Acceptances (taking into account any Canadian Participations when determining the Total Canadian Outstandings of a Canadian Lender) shall not exceed such Lender’s Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender’s Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Domestic Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01(a) , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01(a) . Domestic Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as further provided herein. (b)(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Canadian Lender severally agrees to make Canadian Loans to Apex Health Distribution Canada from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender’s Canadian Commitment; provided, however , that, after giving effect to any Borrowing under the Canadian Commitments, (A) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (B) the Total Canadian Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments, (C) Apex Health Distribution Canada shall be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, (D) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Canadian Loans of any Canadian Lender, plus such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the Acceptance Usage (taking into account any Canadian Participations when determining the Total Canadian Outstandings of a Canadian Lender) shall not exceed its Canadian Commitment, and (E) all Canadian Loans to Apex Health Distribution Canada shall be made by the Canadian Lenders, shall be denominated and payable in Canadian Dollars and no other currency and shall not be Base Rate Loans. Within the limits of each 24 Lender’s Canadian Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, Apex Health Distribution Canada may borrow under this Section 2.01(b)(i) , prepay under Section 2.05 and reborrow under this Section 2.01(b)(i) . Canadian Loans may be Canadian Prime Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as provided herein. (ii)(A) Subject to Section 2.01(b)(ii)(B) below, on the Participation Funding Date (as defined below) each Lender that is not a Canadian Lender shall be deemed to have purchased, and hereby agrees to purchase, a participation in each outstanding Canadian Loan and Bankers’ Acceptance Credit Extension in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of the unpaid amount of such Canadian Loan or Bankers’ Acceptance Credit Extension together with accrued interest thereon (each, a “ Canadian Participation ”), such Canadian Participation to be governed by this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) and not by Section 11.06(d) hereof. Only upon demand from any Canadian Lender on or after the date of (X) any Event of Default under Sections 8.01(a) , 8.01(f) or 8.01(g) or (Y) an acceleration of the maturity pursuant to Section 8.02(b) of any amounts owing to the Canadian Lenders under this Agreement (the date of such demand, the “ Participation Funding Date ”), each such Lender that has purchased a Canadian Participation (each a “ Canadian Participant ”) shall deliver to the Canadian Administrative Agent an amount equal to its Canadian Participation in same day funds and in Canadian Dollars at the Canadian Administrative Agent’s Office for distribution to Canadian Lenders in accordance with their Canadian Pro Rata Share. If any amount required to be paid by any Canadian Participant pursuant to this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) is not paid to the Canadian Administrative Agent when due but is paid within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, such Canadian Participant shall pay to the Canadian Administrative Agent for distribution to Canadian Lenders on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) such amount, times (ii) the Overnight Canadian Rate, times (iii) a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse during such period and the denominator of which is 365 or 366, as the case may be. If such amount required to be paid by any Canadian Participant pursuant to this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) is not in fact made available to the Canadian Administrative Agent within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover from such Canadian Participant, on demand, such amount with interest thereon calculated from such due date at the rate per annum equal to the rate applicable thereto in accordance with the preceding sentence plus the Applicable Rate. A certificate of the Canadian Administrative Agent submitted to any Canadian Participant with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In the event the Canadian Administrative Agent receives a payment with respect to any Canadian Loan in which Canadian Participations have been purchased and as to which the purchase price has been requested by the Canadian Administrative Agent and delivered by a Canadian Participant as in this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) provided, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such Canadian Participant its share of such payment based on its Canadian Participation. If the Canadian Administrative Agent pays any amount to a Canadian Participant pursuant to this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) in the belief or expectation that a related payment has been or will be received or collected and such related payment is not received or collected by the Canadian Administrative Agent, then such Canadian Participant will promptly on demand by the Canadian Administrative Agent return such amount to the Canadian Administrative Agent, together with interest thereon at such rate as the Canadian Administrative Agent shall determine to be customary between banks for correction of errors. If the Canadian Administrative Agent determines at any time that any amount received or collected by the Canadian Administrative Agent pursuant to this 25 Agreement is to be returned to Apex Health Distribution Canada under this Agreement or paid to any other Person or entity pursuant to any Debtor Relief Laws, any sharing clause in this Agreement, or otherwise, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall not be required to distribute any portion thereof to any Canadian Participant, and each such Canadian Participant will promptly on demand by the Canadian Administrative Agent repay any portion that the Canadian Administrative Agent shall have distributed to such Canadian Participant, together with interest thereon at such rate, if any, as the Canadian Administrative Agent shall pay to Apex Health Distribution Canada or such other Person or entity with respect thereto. If any amounts returned to Apex Health Distribution Canada or reimbursed by a Canadian Participant pursuant to this Section 2.01(b)(ii)(A) are later recovered by the Canadian Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to each Canadian Participant a proportionate share based on such Canadian Participant’s Canadian Participation. (B) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each Lender agrees that, prior to the Participation Funding Date, all amounts paid or credited by Apex Health Distribution Canada under this Agreement to a Canadian Lender shall be received by such Canadian Lender (a) for its own benefit and account or (b) as agent for or for the account of an Eligible Assignee that is a Canadian Resident in respect of the Canadian Loans, and not otherwise as agent for or on behalf of any other Person. 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans . (a) With respect to Domestic Loans, each Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made upon the applicable Domestic Borrower’s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 9:00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base Rate Committed Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans. With respect to Canadian Loans, each Borrowing, each conversion of Canadian Loans from one Type to the other and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made upon Apex Health Distribution Canada’s irrevocable notice to the Canadian Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Canadian Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (Eastern time) (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Canadian Prime Rate Loans, and (ii) one Business Day prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Canadian Prime Rate Loans. Each telephonic notice by a Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Applicable Agent of a written Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Applicable Borrower. Each Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Domestic Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and, in the case of Canadian Loans, in an aggregate minimum amount of Cdn.$5,000,000 or any whole multiple of Cdn.$1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(c) and 2.04(g) , each Committed Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Applicable Borrower is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) the identity of the Borrower and the requested date of the Borrowing, 26 conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to be converted, (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto and (vi) the Applicable Currency. If the Applicable Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Applicable Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, as appropriate. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate Loans. If the Applicable Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, they will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice for Domestic Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Pro Rata Share of the applicable Domestic Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the applicable Domestic Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in Section 2.02(a) . Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice for Canadian Loans, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Canadian Lender of the amount of its Canadian Pro Rata Share of the applicable Canadian Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrowers, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall notify each Canadian Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Canadian Prime Rate Loans described in Section 2.02(a) . In the case of a Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Domestic Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent’s Office not later than 11:00 a.m., and each Canadian Lender will make the amount of its Canadian Loan available to the Canadian Administrative Agent in Canadian Dollars at the Canadian Administrative Agent’s Office by 11:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 ), the Applicable Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Applicable Borrower in like funds as received by the Applicable Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Applicable Borrower on the books of Bank of America or BA Canada with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Applicable Agent by the Applicable Borrower; provided, however , that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing is given by a Borrower, there are unpaid amounts due in respect of Bankers’ Acceptances, in the case of Apex Health Distribution Canada, or L/C Borrowings outstanding, in the case of the Domestic Borrowers, then the proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied, first , to the payment in full of any such unpaid amounts and L/C Borrowings, and second , to the Applicable Borrower as provided above. (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. 27 (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Applicable Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of the Eurodollar Rate by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Domestic Borrowers and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America’s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. At any time that Canadian Prime Rate Loans are outstanding, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall notify Apex Health Distribution Canada and the Canadian Lenders of any change in BA Canada’s prime lending rate used in determining the Canadian Prime Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. (e) After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in effect at any time with respect to Committed Loans. (f) The Dollar Equivalent amount of any Borrowing in Canadian Dollars will be determined by the Canadian Administrative Agent for such Borrowing on the Computation Date therefor in accordance with Section 2.16(a) and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 2.03 Letters of Credit . (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment . (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the date hereof until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Domestic Borrowers or certain Subsidiaries, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.03(b) , and (2) to honor drafts under the Letters of Credit; and (B) the Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Domestic Borrowers; provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit (x) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (y) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, shall not exceed such Lender’s Commitment, and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Domestic Borrower’s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly each Domestic Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. (ii) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit 28 generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the date hereof, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the date hereof and which the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it; (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit and letter of credit applicants generally; (C) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii) , the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance or last extension, unless the Required Lenders have approved such expiry date; (D) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Lenders have approved such expiry date; (E) such Letter of Credit is in an initial amount less than $100,000, in the case of a commercial Letter of Credit, or $500,000, in the case of a standby Letter of Credit, or is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars; provided that the $500,000 minimum amount relating to a standby Letter of Credit shall not be applicable if the applicable Domestic Borrower pays to the L/C Issuer in respect of such Letter of Credit an additional issuance fee in an amount to be agreed between such Domestic Borrower and the L/C Issuer from time to time; or (F) a default of any Lender’s obligations to fund under Section 2.03(c) exists or any Lender is at such time a Defaulting Lender hereunder, unless (i) the applicable Domestic Borrower shall have Cash Collateralized an amount equal to such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the full amount of such Letter of Credit, provided that the Cash Collateral in respect of such Lender’s Pro Rata Share shall be released to such Domestic Borrower promptly upon request after the effective date of the replacement of such Lender in accordance with Section 11.15 , or (ii) the L/C Issuer has otherwise entered into satisfactory arrangements with such Domestic Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuer’s risk with respect to such Lender. (iii) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the Beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. (iv) On and after the date hereof, the Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed for all purposes, including for purposes of the fees and charges to be collected pursuant to this Section 2.03 for periods on and after the date hereof, and reimbursement of costs and expenses to the extent provided herein, to be Letters of Credit outstanding under this Agreement and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall be governed by the applications and agreements pertaining thereto and by this Agreement; provided, however , that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no fees with respect to the initial issuance of the Existing Letters of Credit shall be due hereunder. 29 (b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of Credit . (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the applicable Domestic Borrower delivered to the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of such Domestic Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least three Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the Beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such Beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such Beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. Additionally, the applicable Domestic Borrower shall furnish to the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require. (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the applicable Domestic Borrower and, if not, the L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the applicable Domestic Borrower (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the L/C Issuer’s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender’s Pro Rata Share times the amount of such Letter of Credit. (iii) If the applicable Domestic Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer shall issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an “ Auto-Extension Letter of Credit ”); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each 30 twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the Beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the “ Non-Extension Notice Date ”) in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued; provided further that the L/C issuer shall not exercise its right to prevent any such renewal unless the L/C Issuer determines that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its renewed form under the terms of this Agreement. Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the applicable Domestic Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided, however , that the L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) of Section 2.03(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the applicable Domestic Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the L/C Issuer not to permit such extension. (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the Beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the applicable Domestic Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. (c) Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations . (i) Upon receipt from the Beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall notify the applicable Domestic Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an “ Honor Date ”), such Domestic Borrower shall reimburse the L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing. If the applicable Domestic Borrower fails to so reimburse the L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the “ Unreimbursed Amount ”), and the amount of such Lender’s Pro Rata Share thereof. In such event, the applicable Domestic Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 31 (ii) Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer at the Administrative Agent’s Office in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii) , each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Committed Loan to the applicable Domestic Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the L/C Issuer. (iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the applicable Domestic Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Lender’s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03 . (iv) Until each Lender funds its Committed Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of such amount shall be solely for the account of the L/C Issuer. (v) Each Lender’s obligation to make Committed Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c) , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the L/C Issuer, the applicable Domestic Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided, however , that each Lender’s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the applicable Domestic Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the applicable Domestic Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. (vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii) , the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A certificate of the L/C 32 Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (d) Repayment of Participations . (i) At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender’s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c) , if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the applicable Domestic Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender’s L/C Advance was outstanding) in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. (ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Pro Rata Share thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. (e) Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the applicable Domestic Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document; (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the applicable Domestic Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any Beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such Beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; (iv) any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of 33 Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any Beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or (v) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the applicable Domestic Borrower or any Subsidiary. The applicable Domestic Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Company’s instructions or other irregularity, the Company will immediately notify the L/C Issuer. Each Domestic Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. (f) Role of L/C Issuer . Each Lender and each Domestic Borrower agrees that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. Each Domestic Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any Beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided, however , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the applicable Domestic Borrower’s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the Beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 2.03(e) ; provided, however , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the applicable Domestic Borrower may have a claim against the L/C Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to such Domestic Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by such Domestic Borrower which such Domestic Borrower proves were caused by the L/C Issuer’s willful misconduct or gross negligence or the L/C Issuer’s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the Beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. 34 (g) Cash Collateral . Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, (i) if the L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, (ii) if, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding or (iii) if, prior to the maturity date thereof, prepayment of a Bankers’ Acceptance is required by the provisions of Section 2.04(g)(ii) or 2.04(k) , the applicable Domestic Borrowers shall, in each case, immediately Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations or Apex Health Distribution Canada shall immediately Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount of all Bankers’ Acceptances, as applicable. Sections 2.03(a)(ii)(E) , 2.04 , 2.05 and 8.02(c) set forth certain additional requirements to deliver Cash Collateral hereunder. For purposes of this Section 2.03 , Section 2.04 , Section 2.05 and Section 8.02(c) , “ Cash Collateralize ” means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, as collateral for the L/C Obligations, or to the Canadian Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Canadian Lenders, as applicable, cash or deposit account balances pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer (which documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders). Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings. Each Domestic Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, and Apex Health Distribution Canada hereby grants to the Canadian Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, a security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing. Cash Collateral shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. For purposes of this Section 2.03 , “ Cash Collateral ” means the cash and deposit account balances pledged and deposited with or delivered to the Applicable Agent, pursuant to a requirement to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations or Bankers’ Acceptances. (h) Applicability of ISP and UCP . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the applicable Domestic Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), (i) the rules of the ISP, with the exception of Rule 5.09 thereof, shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce at the time of issuance shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. (i) Letter of Credit Fees . The applicable Domestic Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share a letter of credit fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the daily maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit). Such letter of credit fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such letter of credit fees shall be due and payable on the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily maximum amount of each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. 35 (j) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer . The applicable Domestic Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit in an amount equal to 0.125% per annum times the daily maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Such fronting fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fees shall be due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.07 . In addition, the applicable Domestic Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges (including reasonable out-of-pocket expenses relating to issuances, amendments, renewals, extensions and any demands for payment), of the L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. (k) Conflict with Issuer Document . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. (l) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the applicable Domestic Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit and to make any Cash Collateral deposits required hereunder. [COMPANY] hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Company, and that the Company’s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. (m) Reports to Administrative Agent . The L/C Issuer shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, upon each calendar month end, a report setting forth for such period the daily aggregate amount available to be drawn under the Letters of Credit that were outstanding during such month. 2.04 Bankers’ Acceptances for Apex Health Distribution Canada. (a) Acceptance Commitment . (i) Each Canadian Lender severally agrees, on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein: (A) in the case of a Canadian Lender that is able to accept Drafts from Apex Health Distribution Canada, to create acceptances (each, a “ Bankers’ Acceptance ”) by accepting Drafts from Apex Health Distribution Canada and to purchase such Bankers’ Acceptances in accordance with Section 2.04(d) ; and (B) in the case of a Canadian Lender that has participated all or any part of its interest in the Bankers’ Acceptance Facilities to a participant that is able to accept Drafts from Apex Health Distribution Canada, to arrange for the creation of Bankers’ Acceptances by such participant and for the purchase of such Bankers’ Acceptances by such participant, to the extent of such participation or assignment, in accordance with Section 2.04(d) . 36 (ii) Each Drawing shall be in an aggregate Face Amount of not less than Cdn.$5,000,000 and in integral multiples of Cdn.$1,000,000 and shall consist of the creation and purchase of Bankers’ Acceptances on the same day, effected or arranged by the Canadian Lenders in accordance with Section 2.04(d) , ratably according to their respective Canadian Pro Rata Shares. (iii) Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Bankers’ Acceptance Facility and the Canadian Commitments shall be subject to the following limitations: (A) the amount otherwise available for Drawing under the Aggregate Canadian Commitment as of any time of determination shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Total Canadian Outstandings as of such time of determination; (B) after any Drawing the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect; (C) the issuance of any Bankers’ Acceptance shall not violate any policies of any Canadian Lender applicable to bankers’ acceptances and drawers generally; and (D) after any Drawing the Total Canadian Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments then in effect. (b) Drawing Notice . (i) Each Drawing shall be made on three Business Days’ prior written notice specified in relation to Bankers’ Acceptances, given not later than 11:00 a.m. (Eastern time), by Apex Health Distribution Canada to the Canadian Administrative Agent. Each such notice of a Drawing (a “ Drawing Notice ”) shall be given in substantially the form of Exhibit E annexed hereto or by telephone confirmed promptly in writing, containing the same information as would be contained in a Drawing Notice, and shall specify therein (A) the Drawing Date; (B) the aggregate Face Amount of Drafts to be accepted; and (C) the maturity date for such Drafts. The Canadian Administrative Agent shall give each Canadian Lender prompt notice of such Drawing Notice and of such Canadian Lender’s ratable portion of Drafts to be accepted under the Drawing. (ii) Apex Health Distribution Canada shall not request in a Drawing Notice a maturity date for Drafts that would be subsequent to the Maturity Date. (iii) Each Drawing Notice shall be irrevocable and binding on [COMPANY] Canada shall indemnify each Canadian Lender against any loss or expense incurred by such Canadian Lender as a result of any failure by Apex Health Distribution Canada to fulfill or honor before the date specified for any Drawing, the applicable conditions set forth in this Section 2.04 or Section 4.02 , if the Drawing, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date. (iv) Apex Health Distribution Canada shall repay, and there shall become due and payable, on the Drawing Date the principal amount of any Canadian Loans which Apex Health Distribution Canada seeks to convert, if any, in whole or in part, to Bankers’ Acceptances on such Drawing Date. 37 (v) None of the Canadian Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Canadian Lenders shall incur any liability to any Borrower in acting on the telephonic notice referred to above which the Canadian Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent or any Canadian Lenders believes in good faith to have been given by a duly authorized officer or other person authorized to borrow on behalf of Apex Health Distribution Canada or for otherwise acting in good faith under this Section 2.04 and upon the acceptance of Drafts pursuant to any such telephonic notice, Apex Health Distribution Canada shall be liable with respect thereto as provided herein. In the event of a conflict between the Canadian Administrative Agent’s record of the applicable terms of any Drawing and such Drawing Notice, the Canadian Administrative Agent’s record shall prevail, absent manifest or demonstrable error. (c) Form of Bankers’ Acceptances . (i) Each Draft presented by Apex Health Distribution Canada shall (A) be dated the date of the Drawing; (B) mature and be payable by Apex Health Distribution Canada (in common with all other Drafts presented in connection with such Drawing) on a Business Day which occurs no less than 30 days nor more than 180 days after the date thereof, which term shall be specified on the Drawing Notice presented by Apex Health Distribution Canada in accordance with Section 2.04(b)(1) ; (C) be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Canadian Administrative Agent; and (D) if such Draft is drawn on a Canadian Lender that is a Member, be payable to the Clearing House. (ii) Apex Health Distribution Canada hereby renounces, and shall not claim, any days of grace for the payment of any Bankers’ Acceptances. (d) Acceptance and Purchase of Drafts . (i) Not later than 11:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on an applicable Drawing Date, each Canadian Lender shall, as the case may be, (A) complete one or more Drafts dated the date of such Drawing, with the maturity date specified by Apex Health Distribution Canada in the Drawing Notice, accept such Drafts, and purchase the Bankers’ Acceptances thereby created for the Drawing Purchase Price; and (B) arrange for its participant to complete one or more Drafts dated the date of such Drawing, with the maturity date specified by Apex Health Distribution Canada in the Drawing Notice, to accept such Drafts and to purchase the Bankers’ Acceptances thereby created for the Drawing Purchase Price. (ii) The failure of any Canadian Lender to accept Drafts or purchase Bankers’ Acceptances as part of any Drawing shall not relieve such Canadian Lender of its obligation, if any, to accept Drafts and purchase Bankers’ Acceptances hereunder, but a Canadian Lender shall not be responsible for the failure of any other Canadian Lender to accept Drafts or purchase Bankers’ Acceptance on the Drawing Date for any Drawing. (iii) The parties hereto agree that in the administering of Bankers’ Acceptances, each Canadian Lender may avail itself of the debt clearing services offered by the Clearing House and that the procedures set forth in Section 2.04 be deemed amended to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of such debt clearing services. The foregoing sentence applies only to the administration of Bankers’ Acceptances by the Canadian Lenders 38 and shall not affect the rights and obligations of Apex Health Distribution Canada with respect to any Bankers’ Acceptance. (e) Payment of Drawing Purchase Price . (i) Subject to Section 2.04(b)(iv) , each Canadian Lender shall, before 12:00 noon (Eastern time) on the applicable Drawing Date, pay or cause to be paid, the Drawing Purchase Price in respect of any Bankers’ Acceptances which such Canadian Lender has purchased or arranged to have purchased pursuant to Section 2.04(d)(i) by depositing or causing to be deposited such amount to such account maintained by the Canadian Administrative Agent at BA Canada as shall have been notified to such Canadian Lender by the Canadian Administrative Agent, in Canadian Dollars in same day funds. Promptly upon receipt of such funds, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall make such funds available to Apex Health Distribution Canada in accordance with reasonable instructions provided to the Canadian Administrative Agent by Apex Health Distribution Canada. (ii) Bankers’ Acceptances purchased by a Canadian Lender or its participant hereunder may be held by such Canadian Lender or such participant, as the case may be, for its own account until maturity or sold by it at any time prior thereto in any relevant market therefor in Canada, in such Lender’s or its participant’s sole discretion. (f) Effective Discount Rate Determination. Promptly upon request of Apex Health Distribution Canada, the Canadian Administrative Agent shall provide Apex Health Distribution Canada an indicative Effective Discount Rate, which rate shall not be binding on the Canadian Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders for purposes of any Drawing or acceptance of Drafts. (g) Payment at Maturity; Cash Collateral . (i) Apex Health Distribution Canada shall pay to the Canadian Administrative Agent, and there shall become due and payable, at 12:00 noon (Eastern time) on the maturity date for each Bankers’ Acceptance an amount in Canadian Dollars in same day funds equal to the Face Amount of such Bankers’ [COMPANY] Canada shall make each payment hereunder in respect of Bankers’ Acceptances by deposit of the required funds to the Canadian Administrative Agent at the Canada Administrative Agent’s Office. Upon receipt of such payment, the Canadian Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause such payment to be distributed in like funds in payment of Bankers’ Acceptances ratably (based on the proportion that the aggregate Face Amount of Bankers’ Acceptances held by any Canadian Lender or any participant thereof maturing on the relevant date bears to the aggregate Face Amount of Bankers’ Acceptances accepted or held by all Canadian Lenders or any participants or assignees thereof maturing on such date) to Canadian Lenders for their account and for the account of any participant, to the extent of and in accordance with their participation. Such payment to the Canadian Administrative Agent shall satisfy Apex Health Distribution Canada’s obligations under any Bankers’ Acceptances to which it relates and each Canadian Lender that has accepted such Bankers’ Acceptances shall thereafter be solely responsible for the payment of such Bankers’ Acceptances and shall indemnify and hold Apex Health Distribution Canada harmless against any liabilities, costs or expenses incurred by Apex Health Distribution Canada as a result of any failure by such Canadian Lender or such participant to pay such Bankers’ Acceptance in accordance with its terms. 39 (ii) [COMPANY] Canada fails to pay any Bankers’ Acceptance when due, or to convert or renew the Face Amount of such Bankers’ Acceptance pursuant to Section 2.04(i) , the unpaid amount due and payable in respect thereof shall be converted as of such date, and without any necessity for Apex Health Distribution Canada to give a Committed Loan Notice in accordance with Section 2.02 , to, and thereafter be outstanding as, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan made by, the Canadian Lenders and shall bear interest calculated and payable as provided in Section 2.08 . Each Borrower acknowledges, agrees and confirms with the Canadian Lenders that the records of each Canadian Lender in respect of payment of any Bankers’ Acceptance by such Canadian Lender shall be binding on Apex Health Distribution Canada and shall be conclusive evidence (in the absence of manifest error) of a Canadian Prime Rate Loan to an amount owing by Apex Health Distribution Canada to such [COMPANY] Canada further agrees that if an Event of Default or the Maturity Date shall occur prior to the date upon which any one or more Bankers’ Acceptances are payable by a Canadian Lender, thereupon, Apex Health Distribution Canada shall Cash Collateralize the full Face Amounts of all such Bankers’ Acceptances as provided in Section 2.03(g) , notwithstanding the fact that any such Bankers’ Acceptance may be held by such Canadian Lender in its own right at maturity; provided, however , that if for any reason Apex Health Distribution Canada fails to so Cash Collateralize any Bankers’ Acceptance, thereupon Apex Health Distribution Canada shall be deemed for all purposes to have received a Canadian Prime Rate Loan in an amount equal to the Face Amount of such Bankers’ Acceptance and Apex Health Distribution Canada shall pay interest thereon at the Canadian Prime Rate until repayment thereof in full. (h) Presigned Draft Forms . (i) To enable the Canadian Lenders to create Bankers’ Acceptances or complete Drafts in the manner specified in this Section 2.04 , Apex Health Distribution Canada shall supply each Canadian Lender with such number of Drafts as such Canadian Lender may reasonably request, duly endorsed and executed on behalf of Apex Health Distribution Canada by any one or more of its authorized officers. Each Canadian Lender shall exercise such care in the custody and safekeeping of Drafts as it would exercise in the custody and safekeeping of similar property owned by it. Each Canadian Lender will, upon request by Apex Health Distribution Canada, promptly advise Apex Health Distribution Canada of the number and designations, if any, of the uncompleted Drafts then held by it. The signatures of such officers may be mechanically reproduced in facsimile and Drafts and Bankers’ Acceptances bearing such facsimile signatures shall be binding upon Apex Health Distribution Canada as if they had been manually signed by such officers. Notwithstanding that any of the individuals whose manual or facsimile signature appears on any Draft or Bankers’ Acceptance as one of such officers may no longer hold office at the date thereof or at the date of its acceptance by a Canadian Lender or a participant hereunder or at any time thereafter, any Draft or Bankers’ Acceptance so signed shall be valid and binding upon Apex Health Distribution Canada. (ii) To facilitate the acceptance of Drafts hereunder, Apex Health Distribution Canada hereby appoints each Canadian Lender as its attorney to sign and endorse on its behalf, as and when considered necessary by such Canadian Lender in connection with a Drawing, an appropriate number of Drafts in the form prescribed by that Canadian Lender. Any Draft signed by a Canadian Lender as attorney for Apex Health Distribution Canada, whether signed in handwriting or by the facsimile or mechanical signature of an authorized officer of a Canadian Lender, may be dealt with by the Canadian Administrative Agent or any Canadian Lender to all intents and purposes and shall bind Apex Health Distribution Canada as if duly signed and issued by Apex Health Distribution Canada. 40 (i) Conversion or Renewal of Bankers’ Acceptances . Upon the maturity of a Bankers’ Acceptance, Apex Health Distribution Canada may elect to (A) renew such Bankers’ Acceptance, by giving a Drawing Notice in accordance with Section 2.04(b)(i) ; or (B) have all or a portion of the Face Amount of such Bankers’ Acceptance converted to a Eurodollar Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan, by giving a Committed Loan Notice in accordance with Section 2.02 . If the Bankers’ Acceptances to be converted cannot be converted into a Eurodollar Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan in an aggregate amount which may be made as a Eurodollar Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan, as the case may be, under this Agreement, then the amount which cannot be so converted shall be repaid to the Canadian Administrative Agent for distribution to the Canadian Lenders in accordance with Section 2.04(g) on the date of such conversion. (j) Circumstances Making Bankers’ Acceptances Unavailable . (i) If the Canadian Administrative Agent determines in good faith, which determination shall be final, conclusive and binding upon Apex Health Distribution Canada, and notifies Apex Health Distribution Canada that, by reason of circumstances affecting the money market (A) there is no market for Bankers’ Acceptances; or (B) the demand for Bankers’ Acceptances is insufficient to allow the sale or trading of the Bankers’ Acceptances created and purchased hereunder; then, (1) the right of Apex Health Distribution Canada to request a Drawing shall be suspended until the Canadian Administrative Agent determines that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist and the Canadian Administrative Agent so notifies Apex Health Distribution Canada; and (2) any Drawing Notice which is outstanding shall be cancelled and the Drawing requested therein shall not be made. (ii) The Canadian Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Apex Health Distribution Canada and the Administrative Agent of the suspension of Apex Health Distribution Canada’s right to request a Drawing and of the termination of any such suspension. (k) Prepayments . Except as required by Article VIII , Section 2.05 or Section 2.07 , no repayment of a Bankers’ Acceptance shall be made by Apex Health Distribution Canada to a Canadian Lender prior to the maturity date thereof. Any such repayment, made as required by Article VIII , Section 2.05 or Section 2.07 , shall be made (unless such repayment has been rescinded or otherwise is required to be returned by such Canadian Lender to Apex Health Distribution Canada for any reason) in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.03(g) and Section 2.04(g) . Any such payment by Apex Health Distribution Canada to the Canadian Administrative Agent shall satisfy Apex Health Distribution Canada’s obligations under the Bankers’ Acceptance to which it relates and, in the case of a Bankers’ Acceptance which has been accepted by a Canadian Lender or its participant, such Canadian Lender or such participant shall thereafter be solely responsible for the payment of such Bankers’ Acceptance and shall indemnify and hold Apex Health Distribution Canada harmless against any liabilities, costs or expenses incurred by Apex Health Distribution Canada as a result of any failure by such Canadian Lender or such participant to pay such Bankers’ Acceptance in accordance with its terms. 41 2.05 Prepayments. (a) The Applicable Borrower may, upon notice to the Applicable Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Domestic Loans or Canadian Loans, as the case may be, in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Applicable Agent not later than 9:00 a.m., in the case of a prepayment of Domestic Loans, and 11:00 a.m. (Eastern time) in the case of prepayment of Canadian Loans, (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans and Canadian Prime Rate Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Domestic Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Canadian Loans shall be in a principal amount of Cdn.$5,000,000 or a whole multiple of Cdn.$1,000,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be prepaid. The Applicable Agent will promptly notify each Lender or Canadian Lender, as appropriate, of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender’s Pro Rata Share or Canadian Pro Rata Share, as appropriate, of such prepayment. If such notice is given by a Borrower, the Applicable Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares or Canadian Pro Rata Shares, as appropriate. (b) Subject to Section 2.14 , if for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, the applicable Domestic Borrower shall immediately prepay Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations and/or Apex Health Distribution Canada shall immediately prepay Canadian Loans and/or Cash Collateralize Bankers’ Acceptances in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, however , that the Borrowers shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations or prepay the Face Amounts of Bankers’ Acceptances pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) unless after the prepayment in full of the Committed Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect. (c) Subject to Section 2.14 , if for any reason the Total Canadian Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments then in effect, Apex Health Distribution Canada shall immediately prepay Canadian Loans and Cash Collateralize Bankers’ Acceptances in an aggregate amount equal to such excess, provided that Apex Health Distribution Canada shall not be required to prepay the Bankers’ Acceptances pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) unless, after prepayment in full of the Canadian Loans, the Total Canadian Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments then in effect. 2.06 Termination or Reduction of [COMPANY] may, upon notice to the Applicable Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments or the Aggregate Canadian Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments or the Aggregate Canadian Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Applicable Agent not later than 9:00 a.m. or, in the case of a reduction of the Canadian Commitments, 11:00 a.m. (Eastern time) five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an 42 aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (iv) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Canadian Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Canadian Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments, (v) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, such Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess, and (vi) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments, the Aggregate Canadian Commitments exceed the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, the Aggregate Canadian Commitments shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Commitments and the Canadian Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Canadian Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Canadian Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments or Aggregate Canadian Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender or the Canadian Commitment of each Canadian Lender, as the case may be, according to its Pro Rata Share or its Canadian Pro Rata Share, as the case may be. All facility fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 2.07 Repayment of Loans . The Applicable Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of its Committed Loans outstanding on such date. Apex Health Distribution Canada shall repay to the Lenders on the date that it ceases to be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary the aggregate principal amount of its Canadian Loans outstanding on such date. 2.08 Interest . (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(b) , (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; (ii) each Base Rate Committed Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate; and (iii) each Canadian Prime Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Rate. (b) If any amount payable by a Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Furthermore, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, the Borrowers shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after 43 judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 2.09 Fees. In addition to certain fees described in Sections 2.03(i) and (j) and Section 2.04: (a) Facility Fee . [COMPANY] shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, a facility fee on the later of the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter or the fifth Business Day after the Company has received from the Administrative Agent a notice setting forth the amount of such fee, which shall be equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount of the Aggregate Commitments (or, if the Aggregate Commitments have terminated, on the Outstanding Amount of all Committed Loans, Bankers’ Acceptances and L/C Obligations), regardless of usage. The facility fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period (and thereafter so long as any Committed Loans, Bankers’ Acceptances or L/C Obligations remain outstanding), including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV are not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on each date specified above following the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first such date to occur after the date hereof, and on the last day of the Availability Period (and, if applicable, thereafter on demand). The facility fee shall be calculated on a calendar quarter basis in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. (b) Other Fees . (i) [COMPANY] shall pay to the Arranger and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and, except to the extent expressly otherwise agreed, shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. (ii) The Borrowers shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and, except to the extent expressly otherwise agreed, shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Bankers’ Acceptances and Drawing Fees, for Canadian Prime Rate Loans and for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate is determined by Bank of America’s “prime rate” shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent and the Canadian Administrative Agent, as the case may be, of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 2.11 Evidence of Debt. (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Applicable Agent in the ordinary 44 course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of either Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of such Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Applicable Agent, the applicable Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Applicable Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender’s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach Schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a) , each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 2.12 Payments Generally. (a) All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Domestic Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars not later than 12:00 noon on the date specified herein, and all payments by Apex Health Distribution Canada hereunder shall be made to the Canadian Administrative Agent for the account of the Canadian Lenders at the Canadian Administrative Agent’s Office in Canadian Dollars not later than 12:00 noon (Eastern time) on the date specified herein, in each case, in immediately available funds. The Applicable Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share and to each Canadian Lender its Canadian Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received by an Agent after the applicable time specified in this Section 2.12(a) shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by a Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. (b)(i) Unless the Applicable Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to such Agent such Lender’s share of such Borrowing, such Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Applicable 45 Agent, then such Lender and the Applicable Borrower severally agree to pay to the Applicable Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Applicable Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to such Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of (1)(x), in respect of Domestic Loans, the Federal Funds Rate and (y) in respect of Canadian Loans, the Overnight Canadian Rate from time to time in effect and (2) a rate determined by the Applicable Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Applicable Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Applicable Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the applicable Borrowing. If the Applicable Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Applicable Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Applicable Agent shall promptly remit to the Applicable Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Applicable Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Applicable Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Committed Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Applicable Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Applicable Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Applicable Agent. (ii) Unless the Applicable Agent shall have received notice from the Applicable Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to such Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that the Applicable Borrower will not make such payment, the Applicable Agent may assume that the Applicable Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Applicable Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Applicable Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to such Agent, at the greater of (1)(x), in respect of Domestic Loans, the Federal Funds Rate and (y) in respect of Canadian Loans, the Overnight Canadian Rate from time to time in effect and (2) a rate determined by the Applicable Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A notice of the Applicable Agent to any Lender or the Applicable Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (c) If any Lender makes available to either Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Applicable Borrower by the Applicable Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, such Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. (d) The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and to purchase Bankers’ Acceptances and to make payments pursuant to Section 11.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any 46 Committed Loan, to fund any such participation, to make any such purchase or to make any payment under Section 11.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, fund its participation or purchase its Bankers’ Acceptance. (e) Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 2.13 Sharing of Payments. If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein, any Lender shall obtain on account of the Committed Loans made by it, the Bankers’ Acceptance Facility or the participations in L/C Obligations held by it, any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Committed Loans made by them or Bankers’ Acceptances and/or such subparticipations in the participations in L/C Obligations held by them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment in respect of such Committed Loans, Bankers’ Acceptances or such participations, as the case may be, pro rata with each of them; provided, however , that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Lender’s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Lender’s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without further interest thereon; provided further that, for purposes of this Section 2.13 , and subject to Section 2.01(b)(ii) , no Lender other than a Canadian Lender that is a Canadian Resident may purchase any portion of or any interest in a Canadian Loan or Bankers’ Acceptance. Each Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off, but subject to Section 11.08 ) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.13 and will in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. 2.14 Currency Exchange Fluctuations. Subject to Section 3.02 , if on any Computation Date the Administrative Agent or the Canadian Administrative Agent shall have determined that (a) the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Commitments by more than $5,000,000, or (b) the Total Canadian Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments by more than $5,000,000, in either event due to a change in applicable rates of exchange between Dollars and Canadian Dollars, then the Administrative Agent shall give notice to the Borrowers that a prepayment is required under this Section 2.14 , and the Borrowers agree thereupon to make prepayments of Loans such that, after giving effect to such prepayment, the Total Outstandings do not exceed the Aggregate Commitments and the Total Canadian Outstandings do not exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments. No prepayment of Loans is required pursuant to this Section 2.14 or Section 2.05 in the event that the Total Outstandings exceed 47 the Aggregate Commitments by $5,000,000 or less, or the Total Canadian Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Canadian Commitments by $5,000,000 or less, in either event solely due to a change in applicable rates of exchange between Dollars and Canadian Dollars. 2.15 Increase in Commitments . (a) Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the Company may from time to time, request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments by an aggregate amount (for all such requests) not exceeding $700,000,000. At the time of sending such notice, the Company (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders). Each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Pro Rata Share of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and each Lender of the Lenders’ responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase, the Company may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.15(a) , during the first 90 days following the date hereof, the Company may invite Eligible Assignees to become Lenders under this Agreement in connection with a requested increase without first providing any Lender with the opportunity to increase its Commitment as provided above. (b) If the Aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section 2.15 , the Administrative Agent and the Company shall determine the effective date (the “ Increase Effective Date ”) and the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. As a condition precedent to such increase, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (ii) in the case of the Company, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that, for purposes of this Section 2.15 , (1) the representation and warranty contained in Section 5.08(a) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b) , respectively, and (2) the reference to the date hereof in Section 5.05(b) and Section 5.08(b) shall be deemed to refer to the Increase Effective Date and (B) no Default exists. [COMPANY] shall prepay any Committed Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 ) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Committed Loans ratable with any revised Pro Rata Shares arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section 2.15 . 48 (c) In the event of an increase in Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.15 , the provisions of this Section 2.15 shall govern any conflicts with provisions in Sections 2.13 or 11.01 . 2.16 Utilization of Commitments in Canadian Dollars. (a) The Administrative Agent will determine the Dollar Equivalent amount with respect to any (i) Bankers’ Acceptance or Borrowing comprised of Canadian Loans that are Eurodollar Rate Loans as of the date which is three Business Days prior to the date of the requested Borrowing, (ii) Borrowing comprised of Canadian Prime Rate Loans, one day prior to the requested date of Borrowing, (iii) outstanding Canadian Loans or Bankers’ Acceptances as of the last Business Day of each month, and (iv) conversions to or continuation of Canadian Loans as of the date the related Committed Loan Notice is received by the Canadian Administrative Agent or, if such conversion or continuation is performed in accordance with Section 2.16(b) or Section 3.02 , as of, in the case of Section 2.16(b) , the date that the request by the Required Lenders is received by the Administrative Agent or, in the case of Section 3.02 , the date that the notice by the Administrative Agent is received by the Borrowers and the Lenders (each such date under clauses (i) through (iv) a “ Computation Date ”). (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, during the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, upon the request of the Required Lenders, all or any part of any outstanding Canadian Loans consisting of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be converted into Canadian Prime Rate Loans with effect from the last day of the Interest Period with respect to any such Canadian Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrowers of any such conversion request. 2.17 Extension of Maturity Date. (a) Requests for Extension . [COMPANY] may, by notice to the Administrative Agent, given not earlier than 90 days and not later than 65 days prior to each of the first and second anniversaries of the date hereof (each such anniversary being referred to herein as an “ Anniversary Date ” and each such 25 day period prior to an Anniversary Date being referred to herein as a “ Request Period ”), request that each Lender, effective as of the first or second Anniversary Date, as the case may be, extend its Commitment beyond the Maturity Date then in effect (the “ Existing Maturity Date ”) for an additional one-year period from the Existing Maturity Date; provided that no more than one such request may be made during each Request Period. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Company’s request for such extension (the date such notice is given being referred to herein as the “ Notice Date ”). (b) Lender Elections to Extend . Each Lender, acting in its sole discretion, shall, by notice to the Administrative Agent given not later than 10 days following the Notice Date (the “ Response Deadline ”), advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to such extension (each such Lender that determines not to so extend its Commitment being referred to as a “ Non-Extending Lender ”). Any Lender that does not so advise the Administrative Agent on or before the Response Deadline shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The election of any Lender to agree to such extension of the Maturity Date shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree. 49 (c) Notification by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company of each Lender’s determination under this Section 2.17 within five Business Days after the Response Deadline. (d) Additional Commitment Lenders . [COMPANY] shall have the right on or before the related Anniversary Date to replace each Non-Extending Lender with, and add as “Lenders” under this Agreement in place thereof, one or more Eligible Assignees (each, an “ Additional Commitment Lender ”) as provided in Section 11.06 , provided that each such Additional Commitment Lender shall enter into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement pursuant to which such Additional Commitment Lender shall undertake a Commitment (and, if any such Additional Commitment Lender is already a Lender, its Commitment shall be in addition to such Lender’s Commitment hereunder on such date). (e) Minimum Extension Requirement . If (and only if) the total of the Commitments of the Lenders that have agreed to so extend the Maturity Date (each, an “ Extending Lender ”) and the Commitments of the Additional Commitment Lenders shall be more than 51% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments in effect immediately prior to the related Anniversary Date, then, effective as of the related Anniversary Date (but subject to the prior satisfaction of the conditions set forth in clause (f) below), the Maturity Date of this Agreement and the Maturity Date with respect to the Commitments of each Extending Lender and of each Additional Commitment Lender shall be extended to the date falling one year after the Existing Maturity Date (except that, if such date is not a Business Day, such Maturity Date as so extended shall be the next preceding Business Day) and each Additional Commitment Lender shall thereupon become a “Lender” for all purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Commitment of each Non-Extending Lender shall remain in full force and effect until and shall terminate on the Existing Maturity Date for such Non-Extending Lender, unless such Non-Extending Lender is replaced prior to the related Anniversary Date by an Additional Commitment Lender as provided in clause (d) above. (f) Conditions to Effectiveness of Extensions . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to this Section shall not be effective with respect to any Lender unless: (i) no Default shall exist, or would result from such extension; (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrowers contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date; (iii) as of the Anniversary Date, with respect to such extension no Material Adverse Effect has occurred since March 31, 2011; and (iv) the chief financial officer of the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate, dated the Anniversary Date with respect to such extension, as to the matters referred to in clauses (i) through (iii) above. 50 (g) Payment of Non-Extending Lenders . On the Maturity Date of any Non-Extending Lender, the Company shall repay any Committed Loans of such Non-Extending Lender outstanding on such date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Sections 2.09 and 3.05 ). (h) Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 11.01 to the contrary. 2.18 Defaulting Lenders . (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender’s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 11.01 . (ii) Reallocation of Payments . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to any Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.08 ), will be applied at such time or times as may be determined by Agents as follows: FIRST, to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to any Agent hereunder; SECOND, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer hereunder; THIRD, if so determined by Administrative Agent or requested by the L/C Issuer, to be held as Cash Collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Letter of Credit; FOURTH, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by Administrative Agent; FIFTH, if so determined by Administrative Agent and the Borrowers and subject to Section 2.03(g) , to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; SIXTH, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or such L/C Issuer against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; SEVENTH, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrowers against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and EIGHTH, to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (1) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (2) such Loans or L/C Borrowings were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment will be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Borrowings owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Borrowings owed to, that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, 51 prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.18(a)(ii) will be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. (iii) Certain Fees . A Defaulting Lender (x) shall be entitled to receive any facility fee pursuant to Section 2.09(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to extent allocable to the sum of (1) the Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans funded by it and (2) its Pro Rata Share of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.03(g) or Section 2.18(a)(ii), as applicable (and the Borrower shall (A) be required to pay to each L/C Issuer, as applicable, the amount of such fee allocable to its Fronting Exposure arising from that Defaulting Lender and (B) not be required to pay the remaining amount of such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender) and (y) shall be limited in its right to receive Letter of Credit Fees as provided in Section 2.03(i). (iv) Reallocation of Pro Rata Shares to Reduce Fronting Exposure . During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing the amount of the obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.03 , the “Pro Rata Share” of each non-Defaulting Lender that is a Lender will be computed without giving effect to the Commitment of that Defaulting Lender; provided that , (A) each such reallocation will be given effect only if, at the date the applicable Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, no Default or Event of Default exists and (B) the aggregate obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit shall not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (1) the Commitment of that non-Defaulting Lender minus (2) the sum of (x) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of that non-Defaulting Lender, (y) that non-Defaulting Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the then Outstanding Amount of any L/C Obligations and (z) that non-Defaulting Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of the Acceptance Usage. (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares (without giving effect to Section 2.18(a)(iv) , whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender. 52 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 3.01 Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by the Borrowers to or for the account of any Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and all liabilities with respect thereto other than Excluded Taxes (such taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and liabilities being hereinafter referred to as “ Taxes ”). For purposes of any Loan Document, “ Excluded Taxes ” shall mean, in the case of each Agent and each Lender, (i) taxes imposed on or measured by its net income (however denominated), franchise taxes (in lieu of net income taxes) and branch profits taxes, in each case, imposed on it by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the Laws of which such Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, is organized or maintains a lending office or carries on business through a permanent establishment, (ii) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 11.15 ), any United States withholding tax imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect at the time such Foreign Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment or designates a new lending office, except in each case to the extent that amounts with respect to such taxes were payable either to such Foreign Lender’s assignor immediately before such Foreign Lender became a party hereto or to such Foreign Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, and (iii) taxes imposed under FATCA. If the Borrowers or an Agent shall be required by any Laws to deduct any Taxes or Excluded Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under any Loan Document to any Agent or any Lender, (i) in the case of Taxes, the sum payable by the Applicable Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 ), each of such Agent and such Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Applicable Borrower or the Applicable Agent, as the case may be, shall make such deductions, (iii) the Applicable Borrower or the Applicable Agent, as the case may be, shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable Laws, and (iv) within 30 days after the date of such payment, where the payment is by the Applicable Borrower, the Applicable Borrower shall furnish to the Applicable Agent (which shall forward the same to such Lender) the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof reasonably satisfactory to the Applicable Agent. (b) In addition, each Borrower agrees to pay, or at the option of the Applicable Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary taxes and any other excise or property taxes or charges or similar levies which arise from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document (hereinafter referred to as “ Other Taxes ”). (c) Subject to Section 11.14(a)(iii) , each Borrower agrees to indemnify each Agent and each Lender for (i) the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes (including any Taxes or Other 53 Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 3.01 ) paid by such Agent and such Lender, and (ii) any liability (including additions to tax, penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, in each case whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. Payment under this Section 3.01(d) shall be made within 30 days after the date the Lender or the Applicable Agent makes a demand therefor. (d) If any Lender or Agent, as applicable, determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund (whether by way of a direct payment or by offset) of any Taxes or Other Taxes paid or indemnified by a Borrower under this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to the Applicable Borrower the amount of such refund (but only to the extent of payments by a Borrower made under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund, and net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of such Lender or Agent and, for the avoidance of doubt, without interest other than any interest paid by the relevant Government Authority with respect to such refund) if (i) payment of the Taxes or Other Taxes being refunded has been made in full as and when required pursuant to this Section 3.01 and (ii) such Borrower agrees in writing to repay the amount of such refund, together with any interest thereon, to the applicable Lender or Agent in the event such Lender or Agent is required to repay such refund to the Governmental Authority that imposed the Tax or Other Tax being refunded. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (e), in no event will the Lender or Agent, as the case may be, be required to pay any amount to the Applicable Borrower, pursuant to this paragraph (e) the payment of which would place the Lender or Agent in a less favorable net after-tax position than it would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any Lender or Agent to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrowers or any other Person. 3.02 Illegality . (a) If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Eurodollar Rate Loans (whether payable in Dollars or Canadian Dollars), or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrowers through the Applicable Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Committed Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, as the case may be, to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Applicable Agent and the Applicable Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Applicable Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Applicable Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, as the case may be, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Applicable Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in 54 the good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. (b) Upon any Lender’s giving notice and suspending its obligations relating to Eurodollar Rate Loans in accordance with Section 3.02(a) , the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.15 . 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates. If the Required Lenders determine that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Base Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan, or that the Eurodollar Base Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrowers and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders (including Canadian Lenders) to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, as the case may be, in the amount specified therein. 3.04 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy. (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Eurodollar Rate) or the L/C Issuer; (ii) subject any Lender or Agent to any taxes of any kind whatsoever (other than (A) Taxes imposed on payments under any Loan Document, (B) Other Taxes and (C) Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or (iii) impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Eurodollar Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan, or to increase the cost to such Lender or L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or L/C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 55 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or L/C Issuer or any lending office of such Lender or such Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s holding company for any such reduction suffered. (c) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s right to demand such compensation; provided that , notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 3.04(a) and (b) , (i) the Borrowers shall only be liable for amounts in respect of increased costs or reductions for the period beginning up to six months prior to the date on which such demand was made (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof), and (ii) the Lender claiming compensation therefor shall have applied consistent return metrics applied to other similarly situated borrowers or obligors with respect to such increased costs or reductions. 3.05 Funding Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Company shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); (b) any failure by a Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Eurodollar Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by such Borrower; or (c) any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 11.15 ; including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained; provided that the Company shall have no obligation to pay to any Lender any of the foregoing amounts incurred in connection with such Lender being a Defaulting Lender. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Company to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar 56 Base Rate used in determining the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 3.06 Matters Applicable to all Requests for Compensation . (a) A certificate of the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent or any Lender claiming compensation under this Article III and setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error; provided that , in the case of any such certificate delivered pursuant to Section 3.04 , such certificate (i) sets forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts payable to such Lender pursuant to Sections 3.04(a) and (b) and the basis for determining such amount or amounts and (ii) explains the methodology used to determine such amount. The Applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. In determining such amount, the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. (b) Upon any Lender’s making a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or if any Borrower is required to pay amounts to any Lender under Section 3.01 as a result of any Taxes or Other Taxes, in each case the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.15 . 3.07 Survival. All of the Borrowers’ obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 4.01 Conditions to Effectiveness. Effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) The Administrative Agent’s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or facsimiles (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the date hereof (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the date hereof) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Loan Party; (ii) if requested by any Lender at least two Business Days before the date hereof, a Note executed by the Applicable Borrower in favor of each Lender so requesting a Note; (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers or the corporate secretary or assistant secretary of the Company and Apex Health Distribution Canada as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the 57 identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party; (iv) each of the following documents: (A) the Articles or certificate of incorporation and the bylaws of each Borrower as in effect on the date hereof, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Borrower as of the date hereof; (B) a good standing and tax good standing certificate for the Company from the applicable Secretary of State (or similar, applicable Governmental Authority) of the States of Delaware and California dated as of a recent date; and (C) a certificate of status for Apex Health Distribution Canada from the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies of Nova Scotia, dated as of a recent date; (v) favorable opinions, addressed to the Agents and the Lenders, of (A) Wade Estey, Senior Counsel of the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent regarding such matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; (B) Stewart, McKelvey, special Canadian counsel to the Company and Apex Health Distribution Canada, as to certain matters of Canadian law; and (C) Morrison & [COMPANY], special counsel to the Company and Apex Health Distribution Canada, as to certain matters of New York law; (vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company: (A) certifying that: (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of such date, as though made on and as of such date; (2) no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the initial Borrowing; (3) there has occurred since March 31, 2011, no event or circumstance that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (4) each of the conditions in Sections 4.01(a) and (b) has been satisfied on the part of the Company as of the date hereof; (B) designating the date hereof; and (C) indicating the Debt Ratings; (vii) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of Apex Health Distribution Canada certifying that: 58 (A) the representations and warranties of Apex Health Distribution Canada contained in Article V are true and correct on and as of the date hereof, as though made on and as of such date; (B) no Default or Event of Default with respect to Apex Health Distribution Canada or any of its Subsidiaries exists or would result from the initial Borrowing; (C) there has occurred since March 31, 2011 no event or circumstance with respect to Apex Health Distribution Canada or any of its Subsidiaries that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (D) each of the conditions in Sections 4.01(a) and (b) has been satisfied on the part of Apex Health Distribution Canada as of the date hereof; (viii) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Required Lenders reasonably may require. (b) Any fees required by the Loan Documents to be paid, and all reimburseable expenses for which invoices have been presented, to either Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Arranger or any Lender on or before the date hereof shall have been paid, to the extent that such invoices have been presented to the Company on or before the date hereof. (c) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Company shall have paid all Attorney Costs of the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced to the Company prior to or on the date hereof, plus such additional amounts of Attorney Costs as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of Attorney Costs incurred or to be incurred by it through the proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Company and the Administrative Agent). (d) Since March 31, 2011, no Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred or become known to the Administrative Agent. (e) The commitments of the lenders under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement shall have been terminated and all the obligations under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement shall have been repaid or prepaid (which repayment or prepayment may be made with the proceeds of the initial Credit Extension hereunder). Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.05 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed date hereof specifying its objection thereto. 4.02 Existing Revolving Credit Agreement (a) On the date hereof, the “Commitments” as defined in the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement shall terminate, without further action by any party thereto. 59 (b) The Lenders which are parties to the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement, comprising the “Required Lenders” as defined in the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement hereby waive any requirement of prior notice of termination of the Commitments (as defined in the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement) pursuant to Section 2.06 thereof and of prepayment of loans thereunder, to the extent necessary to give effect to 4.01(e) hereof, provided that any such prepayment of loans thereunder shall be subject to Section 2.05 of the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement. 4.03 Conditions to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent: (a) The representations and warranties of each Borrower contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.08(a) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant Sections 6.01(a) and (b) , respectively. (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension. (c) The Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent, if applicable, and the L/C Issuer, if applicable, shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. (d) In the case of a Drawing Notice or any Loan to be made to Apex Health Distribution Canada, Apex Health Distribution Canada shall be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary. (e) If the applicable Borrower is a Domestic Borrower pursuant to Section 7.02(d) , then the conditions of Section 7.02(d) to the designation of such Borrower as a Domestic Borrower shall have been met to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent. (f) In the case of a Drawing Notice, each of the conditions to the acceptance of the Draft identified in such Drawing Notice that is set forth in Section 2.04 shall have been satisfied. Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) submitted by the Company or, in the case of a Canadian Loan or Bankers’ Acceptance, Apex Health Distribution Canada, shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) , (b) and (d) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Borrower represents and warrants (which representations and warranties in the case of any Borrower other than the Company shall be limited to such Borrower and its Subsidiaries and other facts and circumstances known to such Borrower and its Subsidiaries) to the Administrative Agent, the 60 Canadian Administrative Agent and each Lender that: 5.01 Corporate Existence and [COMPANY] and each of its Subsidiaries: (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization; (b) has the power and authority and all required governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to own its assets, carry on its business and to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party; (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; and (d) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law; except, (i) with respect to Subsidiaries other than Material Subsidiaries, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) with respect to the Company and its Material Subsidiaries in each case referred to in clause (c) or clause (d) , to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.02 Corporate Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by Each Borrower of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which such Borrower is party, and any Borrowing as of the date of such Borrowing have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not and will not: (a) contravene the terms of any Borrower’s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, any document evidencing any Contractual Obligation to which any Borrower is a party or any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority to which any Borrower or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Requirement of Law. 5.03 Governmental Authorization. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Borrower of the Agreement or any other Loan Document. 5.04 Binding Effect. This Agreement and each other Loan Document to which each Borrower is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Borrower, enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 5.05 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending, or to the best knowledge of each Borrower, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against any Borrower, or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties 61 which: (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; or (b) if determined adversely to the Company or its Subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as of the date hereof. No injunction, writ, temporary restraining order or any order of any nature has been issued by any court or other Governmental Authority purporting to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or directing that the transactions provided for herein or therein not be consummated as herein or therein provided . 5.06 No Default . No Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the incurring of any Obligations by any Borrower. As of the date hereof, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation in any respect which, individually or together with all such defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as of the date hereof, or that would, if such default had occurred after the date hereof, create an Event of Default under Section 8.01(e) . 5.07 Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations . The proceeds of the Loans are to be used solely for the purposes set forth in Section 6.10 . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is generally engaged in the business of purchasing or selling Margin Stock or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. 5.08 Financial Condition . (a) [COMPANY] Statements: (A) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, subject in the case of the unaudited statements to ordinary, good faith year end audit adjustments; (B) fairly present the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and results of operations for the period covered thereby; and (C) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the date thereof required to be shown in accordance with GAAP. (b) As of the date hereof, since March 31, 2011, there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 5.09 Regulated Entities . None of the Company, any Person controlling the Company, or any Subsidiary, is or is required to be registered as an “investment company” within the meaning of the [COMPANY] Act of 1940. No Borrower is subject to regulation under the [COMPANY] Act of 1935, the Federal Power Act, the Interstate Commerce Act, any state public utilities code, or any other Federal, state or other statute or regulation limiting its ability to incur Indebtedness. 5.10 No Burdensome Restrictions . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any Contractual Obligation, or subject to any restriction in any Organization Document, or any Requirement of Law, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 62 5.11 Subsidiaries . As of the date hereof, the Company has no Subsidiaries other than those listed on Schedule 5.11 hereto. 5.12 Secured Indebtedness. As of the date hereof, Schedule 5.12 describes all outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries for borrowed money in excess of $25,000,000 that is secured by a Lien existing on property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 5.13 Taxes . The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have timely filed or caused to be filed all Federal income tax returns and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed tax assessment against the Borrower or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither any Borrower nor any Subsidiary thereof is party to any tax sharing agreement other than an agreement solely between one or more Borrowers or Subsidiaries. ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than Obligations under Section 11.04(b) that remain contingent after termination of the Commitments and payment of all other Obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance shall remain outstanding, unless the Required Lenders waive compliance in writing: 6.01 Financial Statements . [COMPANY] shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 70 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of Deloitte & [COMPANY] or another nationally recognized independent certified public accountant, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP and shall not be subject to any “going concern” or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit; and (b) as soon as available, but in any event within 55 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2011, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Company’s fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to 63 normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(b) , the Company shall not be separately required to furnish such information under clause (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Company to furnish the information and materials described in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) at the times specified therein. 6.02 Certificates; Other Information . [COMPANY] shall deliver to the Administrative Agent: (a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) , a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company; (b) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Company, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Company may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; and (c) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Borrowers or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(b) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which it is publicly available at no charge on the EDGAR system of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, (ii) on which the Company posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Company’s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 11.02 ; or (iii) on which such documents are posted on the Company’s behalf on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (a “ Platform ”), if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent). The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent may make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower under Sections 6.01(a) , 6.01(b) , 6.02(a) and 6.02(b) (and any other such materials and/or information to the extent the Borrower has previously consented in writing) (collectively, “ Borrower Materials ”) by posting the Borrower Materials on a Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a “Public Lender”) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons’ securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (a) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (b) by marking Borrower Materials “PUBLIC,” the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders to treat such 64 Borrower Materials as publicly available information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws; (c) all Borrower Materials marked “PUBLIC” are permitted to be made available through a portion of a Platform designated “Public Investor”; and (d) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked “PUBLIC” as being suitable only for posting on a portion of a Platform not designated “Public Investor”. 6.03 Notices. Each Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent: (a) of the occurrence of any Default; (b) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (c) promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Company obtaining knowledge thereof of (i) the institution of, or non-frivolous threat of, any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration against or affecting any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively “ Proceedings ”) not previously disclosed in writing by the Company to the Lenders or (ii) any material development in any Proceeding that, in the case of clause (i) or (ii) above, (A) has a reasonable possibility of giving rise to a Material Adverse Effect; or (B) seeks to enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of, or to recover any damages or obtain relief as a result of, the transactions contemplated hereby, together with such other information as may be reasonably available to Company that the Administrative Agent requests to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to evaluate such matters. (d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Borrower or any Subsidiary; (e) of any announcement by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch of any change or possible change in a Debt Rating; and (f) of (i) the occurrence of any ERISA Event with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount in excess of $50,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, or (ii) the existence of an amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities), which exceeds 3% of Net Worth. Notification delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender by any Borrower under this Section 6.03 shall satisfy the notice obligation of all Borrowers hereunder. Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 6.04 Preservation of Existence, Etc . Each Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, (a) preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 65 7.02 and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all governmental rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary in the normal conduct of its business, except in connection with transactions permitted by Section 7.02 and except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6.05 Maintenance of Insurance. Each Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance (including self-insurance) with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as the Company reasonably deems prudent from time to time. 6.06 Payment of Taxes . Each Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets (other than obligations that a Responsible Officer is not aware of or are of a nominal amount), unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Material Subsidiary. 6.07 Compliance with Laws. Each Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with the Requirements of Law applicable to it or to its business, except in such instances in which (a) a Requirement of Law is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6.08 Books and Records . Each Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, maintain in all material respects proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Company and such Material Subsidiary, as the case may be. 6.09 Inspection Rights . Each Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Company; provided , however , that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the reasonable expense of the Borrowers at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 6.10 Use of Proceeds. The Borrowers shall use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes (including the refinancing of existing indebtedness and acquisitions) not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document. ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than Obligations under subsection 11.04(b) that remain contingent after termination of the Commitments and payment of all other Obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit or Bankers’ Acceptance shall remain outstanding, unless the Required Lenders waive 66 compliance in writing: 7.01 Liens. No Borrower shall, or shall suffer or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following (“ Permitted Liens ”): (a) any Lien existing on property of the Company or any Subsidiary on the date hereof securing Indebtedness outstanding on such date; (b) any Lien created under any Loan Document; (c) Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; (d) carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s, landlords’, repairmen’s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty; (e) pledges or deposits required in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA; (f) Liens on the property of the Company or any Subsidiary securing (i) the non-delinquent performance of bids, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, (ii) contingent obligations on surety and appeal bonds, and (iii) other non-delinquent obligations of a like nature; in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided all such Liens in the aggregate would not (even if enforced) cause a Material Adverse Effect; (g) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; (h) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to banker’s liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution; provided that (i) such deposit account is not a dedicated cash collateral account and is not subject to restrictions against access by the Company in excess of those set forth by regulations promulgated by the FRB, and (ii) such deposit account is not intended by the Company or any Subsidiary to provide collateral to the depository institution; (i) Liens arising out of any Qualified Receivables Transaction; and 67 (j) Liens securing Indebtedness and other obligations (other than Indebtedness and other obligations secured by Liens described in any of the foregoing Sections 7.01(a) through (i) ) in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding at any time $2,000,000,000. 7.02 Consolidations and [COMPANY] shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, liquidate, dissolve, merge, amalgamate, consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except: (a) any Subsidiary may merge with the Company, provided that the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation, or with any one or more Subsidiaries, provided that if any transaction shall be between a Subsidiary and a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the Wholly-Owned Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving corporation; (b) Apex Health Distribution Canada or any Subsidiary of Apex Health Distribution Canada may amalgamate with Apex Health Distribution Canada or with any one or more of the Company’s Subsidiaries and any of the Company’s Subsidiaries may amalgamate with any one or more of the Company’s Subsidiaries; (c) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer or exchange all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; (d) the Company may convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its pharmacology distribution business to a wholly-owned Domestic Subsidiary that, simultaneously therewith, executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a joinder agreement in the form of Exhibit F hereto and becomes a Domestic Borrower under this Agreement; provided that the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior to such Domestic Borrower becoming entitled to utilize the credit facilities provided for herein the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information, in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as may reasonably be required by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, and Notes signed by such new Domestic Borrower to the extent any Lenders so require. If the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders agree that such Domestic Borrower shall be entitled to receive Loans hereunder, then promptly following receipt of all such requested resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information, the Administrative Agent shall send a notice in substantially the form of Exhibit G (a “ Domestic Borrower Notice ”) to the Company and the Lenders specifying the effective date upon which such Domestic Borrower shall constitute a Domestic Borrower for purposes hereof, whereupon each of the Lenders agrees to permit such Domestic Borrower to receive Loans hereunder, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and each of the parties agrees that such Domestic Borrower otherwise shall be a Borrower for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that no Committed Loan Notice or Letter of Credit Application may be submitted by or on behalf of such Domestic Borrower until the date five Business Days after such effective date; and (e) the Company may merge or consolidate with or into another Person, provided that (i) either (x) the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation or (y) (A) the successor Person (if other than the Company) formed by such consolidation or into which the 68 Company is merged (the “ Successor ”) is a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia, and (B) the Successor (if any) shall have expressly assumed all of the Company’s Obligations pursuant to documentation in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) no Default or Event of Default is in effect immediately prior to or on the date of or would result from such merger or consolidation. 7.03 Use of Proceeds. No Borrower shall, or shall suffer or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use any Credit Extension, directly or indirectly, (a) to purchase or carry Margin Stock in contravention of Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, (b) to repay or otherwise refinance indebtedness of the Company or others incurred to purchase or carry Margin Stock in contravention of said Regulation U, (c) to extend credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock in contravention of said Regulation U, or (d) to acquire any security in any transaction that is subject to Section 13 or 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, in contravention of said Regulation U. 7.04 Maximum Debt to [COMPANY] shall not permit the ratio of Total Debt to Total Capitalization as at the last day of any calendar month to exceed 0.565 to 1.00. 7.05 Swap Contracts. No Borrower shall, or shall suffer or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into Swap Contracts other than in the ordinary course of business and for the purpose of hedging an existing or anticipated underlying agreement. ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 8.01 Events of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: (a) Non-Payment . Any Borrower fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan, L/C Obligation or Bankers’ Acceptance, or (ii) within five days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan, L/C Obligation or Bankers’ Acceptance, or any facility fee or other fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or (b) Specific Covenants . [COMPANY] fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.04(a) or Article VII ; or (c) Other Defaults . Any Borrower fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b) ) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after the earlier of (i) in the case of any provision in Article VI , the date upon which a Responsible Officer knew of such failure or (ii) the date upon which written notice thereof is given to the Company by the Administrative Agent or any Lenders; or (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Borrower herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 69 (e) Cross-Default . (i) [COMPANY] or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than any intercompany Indebtedness or any Indebtedness hereunder or under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $100,000,000 (such Indebtedness or Guarantee being a “ Relevant Obligation ”) and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the relevant document on the date of such failure, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to, or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating to, any Relevant Obligation, and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the relevant document on the date of such failure, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder, holders, beneficiary or beneficiaries (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) of such Relevant Obligation to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Relevant Obligation to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Relevant Obligation to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such cash collateral in respect of such Relevant Obligation to be demanded (provided that an Acquired Debt Default shall not constitute an Event of Default pursuant to this clause (i)(B) so long as such Acquired Debt Default is waived or cured, or the Relevant Obligation giving rise thereto is repaid, within 30 days of consummation of the transaction giving rise thereto) or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Company or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Company or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Company or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than $100,000,000; or (f) Insolvency; Voluntary Proceedings . [COMPANY] or any Material Subsidiary (i) ceases or fails to be solvent, or generally fails to pay, or admits in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, subject to applicable grace periods, if any, whether at stated maturity or otherwise; (ii) voluntarily ceases to conduct its business in the ordinary course; (iii) commences any Insolvency Proceeding with respect to itself; or (iv) takes any action to effectuate or authorize any of the foregoing; or (g) Involuntary Proceedings . (i) Any involuntary Insolvency Proceeding is commenced or filed against the Company or any Material Subsidiary, or any writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process, is issued or levied against a substantial part of the Company’s or any Material Subsidiary’s properties, and any such proceeding or petition shall not be dismissed, or such writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process shall not be released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty (60) days after commencement, filing or levy; (ii) the Company or any Material Subsidiary admits the material allegations of a petition against it in any Insolvency Proceeding, or an order for relief (or similar order under non-U.S. law) is ordered in any Insolvency Proceeding; or (iii) the Company or any Material Subsidiary acquiesces in the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, 70 liquidator, mortgagee in possession (or agent therefor), or other similar Person for itself or a substantial portion of its property or business; or (h) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount in excess of $100,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, or (ii) there shall exist an amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities), which exceeds 7% of Net Worth; or (i) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; or (j) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control. 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and accept Drafts and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower; (c) require that the Company Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations and unmatured Bankers’ Acceptances (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and (d) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or applicable law; provided, however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, except in the case of Section 8.01(g)(i) , in which case upon the expiration of the 60-day period mentioned therein if the curative action mentioned in such clause is not taken, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and accept or discount Drafts or Bankers’ Acceptances and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Company to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations and Bankers’ Acceptances as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any 71 Lender. 8.03 Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans and other Obligations have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations and Bankers’ Acceptances have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including Attorney Costs and amounts payable under Article III ) payable to the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer in their respective capacities as such; Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings, in each case ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; Fifth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer, and to the Canadian Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Canadian Lenders, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit and that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Bankers’ Acceptances; and Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Applicable Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. Subject to Section 2.03(c) , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit or the unmatured Bankers’ Acceptances pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur and Bankers’ Acceptances as they mature. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired and all Bankers’ Acceptances have been paid, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agents. (a) Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and each Canadian Lender hereby irrevocably appoints BA Canada to act on its behalf as the Canadian Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, 72 and authorizes each such Agent to take such actions on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article IX are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and the Borrowers shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions other than the provisions of Section 9.06 relating to the Company’s consultation and notice rights. (b) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Loan Document, no Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall either Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against either Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term “agent” herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent and the Canadian Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. (c) The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term “Administrative Agent” as used in this Article IX included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C Issuer. 9.02 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and the Person serving as Canadian Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender (and, as applicable, in its capacity as a Canadian Lender as any other Canadian Lender) and may exercise the same as though it were not such Agent and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” (and, as applicable, the term “Canadian Lender” or “Canadian Lenders”) shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder and the Person serving as the Canadian Administrative Agent hereunder in their respective individual capacities. Each such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrowers or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Persons were not Agents hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions. Neither Agent shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither Agent: (a) shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 73 (b) shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that neither Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law; and (c) shall, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrowers or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as such Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Neither Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 11.01 and 8.02 ) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Neither Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to such Agent by a Borrower, a Lender or the L/C Issuer. Neither Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to such Agent. 9.04 Delegation of Duties. Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent. Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agents and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent and Canadian Administrative Agent. 9.05 Reliance by Agents. Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person or Persons. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, each Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L/C Issuer unless such Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any 74 action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 9.06 Successor Agents. Either Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Company. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Company, to appoint a successor, which, in the case of the Administrative Agent, shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States and, in the case of the Canadian Administrative Agent, shall be a bank with an office in Canada, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in Canada. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer (if applicable) appoint a successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that if the Applicable Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (a) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (b) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through such Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L/C Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent or Canadian Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent or Canadian Administrative Agent, as applicable, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Company to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent’s or Canadian Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 11.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as such Agent. 9.07 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders . Each Lender and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon either Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the documentation agents, syndication agents, book managers or arrangers listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so listed shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so listed in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the 75 Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan, Bankers’ Acceptance or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(i) and (j) , 2.09 and 11.04 ) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 11.04 . Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. ARTICLE X THE COMPANY’S GUARANTY OF OTHER BORROWERS’ OBLIGATIONS 10.01 Guaranty of the [COMPANY] hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guaranties, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, the due and punctual payment in full of all Guarantied Obligations when the same shall become due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise (including amounts that would become due but for the operation of the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. § 362(a)). The term “ Guarantied Obligations ” is used herein in its most comprehensive sense and includes: (a) any and all Obligations of each other Borrower (each, a “ Guarantied Borrower ”) now or hereafter made, incurred or created, whether absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether due or not due, and however arising under or in connection with this Agreement, the Notes and Drafts issued by such Guarantied Borrower and the other Loan Documents, including those arising under successive borrowing transactions under this Agreement which shall either continue the Obligations of Guarantied Borrower or from time to time renew them after they have been satisfied; and (b) those expenses set forth in Section 10.08 . 76 10.02 Liability of the Company Absolute . [COMPANY] agrees that its obligations under this Company Guaranty are irrevocable, absolute, independent and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance which constitutes a legal or equitable discharge of a guarantor or surety other than indefeasible payment in full of the Guarantied Obligations. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the Company agrees as follows: (a) [COMPANY] Guaranty is a guaranty of payment when due and not of collectibility. (b) The Administrative Agent may enforce this Company Guaranty upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under this Agreement notwithstanding the existence of any dispute between Lenders and any Borrower with respect to the existence of such Event of Default. (c) The obligations of the Company under this Company Guaranty are independent of the obligations of each Guarantied Borrower under the Loan Documents and the obligations of any other guarantor of the obligations of any Guarantied Borrower under the Loan Documents, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against the Company whether or not any action is brought against such Guarantied Borrower or any of such other guarantors and whether or not such Guarantied Borrower is joined in any such action or actions. (d) [COMPANY]’s payment of a portion, but not all, of the Guarantied Obligations shall in no way limit, affect, modify or abridge the Company’s liability for any portion of the Guarantied Obligations that has not been paid. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent is awarded a judgment in any suit brought to enforce the Company’s covenant to pay a portion of the Guarantied Obligations, such judgment shall not be deemed to release the Company from its covenant to pay the portion of the Guarantied Obligations that is not the subject of such suit. (e) Any Agent or any Lender, upon such terms as it deems appropriate, without notice or demand and without affecting the validity or enforceability of this Company Guaranty or giving rise to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination of the Company’s liability under this Company Guaranty, from time to time may (i) renew, extend, accelerate, increase the rate of interest on, or otherwise change the time, place, manner or terms of payment of the Guarantied Obligations, (ii) settle, compromise, release or discharge, or accept or refuse any offer of performance with respect to, or substitutions for, the Guarantied Obligations or any agreement relating thereto and/or subordinate the payment of the same to the payment of any other obligations; (iii) request and accept other guaranties of the Guarantied Obligations and take and hold security for the payment of this Company Guaranty or the Guarantied Obligations; (iv) release, surrender, exchange, substitute, compromise, settle, rescind, waive, alter, subordinate or modify, with or without consideration, any security for payment of the Guarantied Obligations, any other guaranties of the Guarantied Obligations, or any other obligation of any Person with respect to the Guarantied Obligations; (v) enforce and apply any security now or hereafter held by or for the benefit of the Agents or any Lender in respect of this Company Guaranty or the Guarantied Obligations and direct the order or manner of sale thereof, or exercise any other right or remedy that the Agents or the Lenders, or any of them, may have against any such security, as the Administrative Agent in its discretion may determine consistent 77 with this Agreement and any applicable security agreement, including foreclosure on any such security pursuant to one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, whether or not every aspect of any such sale is commercially reasonable, and even though such action operates to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of the Company against any Guarantied Borrower or any security for the Guarantied Obligations; and (vi) exercise any other rights available to it under the Loan Documents. This Section 10.02(e) shall not modify Section 11.01 . (f) [COMPANY] Guaranty and the obligations of the Company hereunder shall be valid and enforceable and shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination for any reason (other than indefeasible payment in full of the Guarantied Obligations), including the occurrence of any of the following, whether or not the Company shall have had notice or knowledge of any of them: (i) any failure or omission to assert or enforce, or agreement or election not to assert or enforce, or the stay or enjoining, by order of court, by operation of law or otherwise, of the exercise or enforcement of, any claim or demand or any right, power or remedy (whether arising under the Loan Documents, at law, in equity or otherwise) with respect to the Guarantied Obligations or any agreement relating thereto, or with respect to any other guaranty of or security for the payment of the Guarantied Obligations; (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any consent to departure from, any of the terms or provisions (including provisions relating to Events of Default) of this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument executed pursuant thereto, or of any other guaranty or security for the Guarantied Obligations, in each case whether or not in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or such Loan Document or any agreement relating to such other guaranty or security; (iii) the Guarantied Obligations, or any agreement relating thereto, at any time being found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect; (iv) the application of payments received from any source (other than payments received pursuant to the other Loan Documents or from the proceeds of any security for the Guarantied Obligations, except to the extent such security also serves as collateral for indebtedness other than the Guarantied Obligations) to the payment of indebtedness other than the Guarantied Obligations, even though the Agents or the Lenders, or any of them, might have elected to apply such payment to any part or all of the Guarantied Obligations; (v) any Lender’s or Agent’s consent to the change, reorganization or termination of the corporate structure or existence of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and to any corresponding restructuring of the Guarantied Obligations; (vi) any failure to perfect or continue perfection of a security interest in any collateral which secures any of the Guarantied Obligations; (vii) any defenses, set-offs or counterclaims which any Guarantied Borrower may allege or assert against any Agent or any Lender in respect of the Guarantied Obligations, including but not limited to failure of consideration, breach of warranty, payment, statute of frauds, statute of limitations, accord and satisfaction and usury (but excluding the defense of payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations); and (viii) any other act or thing or omission, or delay to do any other act or thing, which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Company as an obligor in respect of the Guarantied Obligations. 10.03 Waivers by the [COMPANY] hereby waives with respect to the Guarantied Obligations, for the benefit of the Lenders and the Agents: (a) any right to require any Agent or any Lender, as a condition of payment or performance by the Company, to (i) proceed against any Guarantied Borrower, any other 78 guarantor of the Guarantied Obligations or any other Person, (ii) proceed against or exhaust any security held from such Guarantied Borrower, any other guarantor of the Guarantied Obligations or any other Person, (iii) proceed against or have resort to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of any Agent or any Lender in favor of such Guarantied Borrower or any other Person, or (iv) pursue any other remedy in the power of any Agent or any Lender whatsoever; (b) any defense arising by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority or any disability or other defense of any Guarantied Borrower including any defense based on or arising out of the lack of validity or the unenforceability of the Guarantied Obligations or any agreement or instrument relating thereto or by reason of the cessation of the liability of such Guarantied Borrower from any cause other than indefeasible payment in full of the Guarantied Obligations; (c) any defense based upon any statute or rule of law which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal; (d) any defense based upon any Agent’s or any Lender’s errors or omissions in the administration of the Guarantied Obligations, except behavior which amounts to bad faith; (e) (i) any principles or provisions of law, statutory or otherwise, which are or might be in conflict with the terms of this Guaranty and any legal or equitable discharge of the Company’s obligations hereunder, (ii) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting the Company’s liability hereunder or the enforcement hereof, (iii) any rights to set-offs, recoupments and counterclaims, and (iv) promptness, diligence and any requirement that any Agent or any Lender protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto; (f) notices, demands, presentments, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and notices of any action or inaction, including acceptance of this Guaranty, notices of default under this Agreement or any agreement or instrument related thereto, notices of any renewal, extension or modification of the Guarantied Obligations or any agreement related thereto, notices of any extension of credit to any Guarantied Borrower and notices of any of the matters referred to in Section 10.02 and any right to consent to any thereof; and (g) any defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by law which limit the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, or which may conflict with the terms of this Company Guaranty. 10.04 Payment by the Company; Application of [COMPANY] hereby agrees, in furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which the Administrative Agent or any other Person may have at law or in equity against the Company by virtue hereof, that upon the failure of any Guarantied Borrower to pay any of the Guarantied Obligations when and as the same shall become due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise (including amounts that would become due but for the operation of the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. § 362(a)), the Company will upon demand pay, or cause to be paid, in cash, to the Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders holding the Guarantied Obligations, an amount equal to the sum of the unpaid principal amount of all Guarantied Obligations then due as 79 aforesaid, accrued and unpaid interest on such Guarantied Obligations (including interest which, but for the filing of a petition in bankruptcy with respect to such Guarantied Borrower, would have accrued on such Guarantied Obligations, whether or not a claim is allowed against such Guarantied Borrower for such interest in any such bankruptcy proceeding) and all other Guarantied Obligations then owed to the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders as aforesaid. All such payments shall be applied promptly from time to time by the Administrative Agent: First , to the payment of the costs and expenses of any collection or other realization under this Company Guaranty, including reasonable compensation to the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and all expenses, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith; Second , to the payment of all other Guarantied Obligations to each Lender holding Guarantied Obligations its applicable share as provided in this Agreement; and Third , after payment in full of all Guarantied Obligations, to the payment to the Company, or its successors or assigns, or to whosoever may be lawfully entitled to receive the same or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct, of any surplus then remaining from such payments. 10.05 Guarantor’s Rights of Subrogation, Contribution, Etc. Until the Guarantied Obligations shall have been indefeasibly paid in full and the Commitments shall have terminated, the Company shall withhold exercise of (a) any claim, right or remedy, direct or indirect, the Company now has or may hereafter have against any Guarantied Borrower or any of its assets in connection with this Company Guaranty or the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, in each case whether such claim, right or remedy arises in equity, under contract, by statute, under common law or otherwise and including (i) any right of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification that the Company now has or may hereafter have against such Guarantied Borrower, (ii) any right to enforce, or to participate in, any claim, right or remedy that any Agent or any Lender now has or may hereafter have against such Guarantied Borrower, and (iii) any benefit of, and any right to participate in, any collateral or security now or hereafter held by any Agent or any Lender, and (b) any right of contribution the Company may have against any other guarantor of the [COMPANY] further agrees that, to the extent the agreement to withhold the exercise of its rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnification and contribution as set forth herein is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void or voidable for any reason, any rights of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification the Company may have against any Guarantied Borrower or against any collateral or security, and any rights of contribution the Company may have against any such other guarantor, shall be junior and subordinate to any rights any Agent or any Lender may have against such Guarantied Borrower, to all right, title and interest any Agent or any Lender may have in any such collateral or security, and to any right any Agent or any Lender may have against such other guarantor. Each Agent, on behalf of Lenders, may use, sell or dispose of any item of collateral or security as it sees fit without regard to any subrogation rights the Company may have, and upon any such disposition or sale any rights of subrogation against such collateral the Company may have shall terminate. If any amount shall be paid to the Company on account of any such subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification rights at any time when all Guarantied Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held in trust for the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders and shall forthwith be paid over to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders to be credited and applied against the Guarantied Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms hereof. 10.06 Subordination of Other Obligations. Any indebtedness of any Guarantied Borrower now or hereafter held by the Company is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantied Obligations, and any such indebtedness of such Guarantied Borrower to the Company collected or received by the 80 Company after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing shall be held in trust for the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders and shall forthwith be paid over to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders to be credited and applied against the Guarantied Obligations but without affecting, impairing or limiting in any manner the liability of the Company under any other provision of this Guaranty. 10.07 [RESERVED]. 10.08 [COMPANY] agrees to pay, or cause to be paid, on demand, and to save the Administrative Agent and the Lenders harmless against liability for, any and all reasonable costs and expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel and allocated costs of internal counsel) incurred or expended by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the enforcement of or preservation of any rights under this Company Guaranty. 10.09 Continuing Guaranty; Termination of [COMPANY] Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall remain in effect until all of the Guarantied Obligations shall have been indefeasibly paid in full and the Commitments shall have terminated. [COMPANY] hereby irrevocably waives any right to revoke this Company Guaranty as to future transactions giving rise to any Guarantied Obligations. 10.10 Authority of the Company or any Guarantied Borrower. It is not necessary for any Lender or any Agent to inquire into the capacity or powers of any Guarantied Borrower or the officers, directors or any agents acting or purporting to act on behalf of any Guarantied Borrower. 10.11 Financial Condition of Guarantied Borrowers. Any extensions of credit may be granted to any Guarantied Borrower or continued from time to time without notice to or authorization from the Company regardless of the financial or other condition of such Guarantied Borrower at the time of any such grant or continuation. No Lender or Agent shall have any obligation to disclose or discuss with the Company their assessment, or the Company’s assessment, of the financial condition of such [COMPANY] has adequate means to obtain information from each Guarantied Borrower on a continuing basis concerning the financial condition of such Guarantied Borrower and its ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents, and the Company assumes the responsibility for being and keeping informed of the financial condition of such Guarantied Borrower and of all circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the [COMPANY] hereby waives and relinquishes any duty on the part of any Agent or any Lender to disclose any matter, fact or thing relating to the business, operations or conditions of each Guarantied Borrower now known or hereafter known by any Agent or any Lender. 10.12 Rights Cumulative. The rights, powers and remedies given to the Lenders and the Agents by this Company Guaranty are cumulative and shall be in addition to and independent of all rights, powers and remedies given to any Lender and any Agent by virtue of any statute or rule of law or in any of the other Loan Documents or any agreement between the Company and any Lender and/or any Agent or between any Guarantied Borrower and any Lender and/or any Agent. Any forbearance or failure to exercise, and any delay by any Lender or any Agent in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall not impair any such right, power or remedy or be construed to be a waiver thereof, nor shall it preclude the further exercise of any such right, power or remedy. 10.13 Bankruptcy; Post-Petition Interest; Reinstatement of Guaranty. (a) So long as any Guarantied Obligations remain outstanding, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, commence or join with any 81 other Person in commencing any bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency proceedings of or against any Guarantied Borrower. The obligations of the Company under this Company Guaranty shall not be reduced, limited, impaired, discharged, deferred, suspended or terminated by any proceeding, voluntary or involuntary, involving the bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization, liquidation or arrangement of any Guarantied Borrower or by any defense which such Guarantied Borrower may have by reason of the order, decree or decision of any court or administrative body resulting from any such proceeding. (b) [COMPANY] acknowledges and agrees that any interest on any portion of the Guarantied Obligations which accrues after the commencement of any proceeding referred to in clause (a) above (or, if interest on any portion of the Guarantied Obligations ceases to accrue by operation of law by reason of the commencement of said proceeding, such interest as would have accrued on such portion of the Guarantied Obligations if said proceedings had not been commenced) shall be included in the Guarantied Obligations because it is the intention of the Company and the Administrative Agent that the Guarantied Obligations which are guarantied by the Company pursuant to this Guaranty should be determined without regard to any rule of law or order which may relieve any Guarantied Borrower of any portion of such [COMPANY] will permit any trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, debtor in possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar person to pay the Administrative Agent, or allow the claim of the Administrative Agent in respect of, any such interest accruing after the date on which such proceeding is commenced. (c) In the event that all or any portion of the Guarantied Obligations are paid by any Guarantied Borrower, the obligations of the Company hereunder shall continue and remain in full force and effect or be reinstated, as the case may be, in the event that all or any part of such payment(s) are rescinded or recovered directly or indirectly from any Agent or any Lender as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise, and any such payments which are so rescinded or recovered shall constitute Guarantied Obligations for all purposes under this Company Guaranty. ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 11.01 Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Company or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: (a) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01(a) (other than any condition pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(viii) ) without the written consent of each Lender; (b) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 ) or increase or extend the obligation of any Lender to accept Drafts except as permitted by Section 2.15 , in each case without the written consent of such Lender; 82 (c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder (including a decrease in any amount payable in respect of the Bankers’ Acceptance Facility) or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (v) of the second proviso to this Section 11.01 ) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided, however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of “Default Rate” or to waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest at the Default Rate; (e) change Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby or amend the definition of “Pro Rata Share”, without the written consent of each Lender; (f) change any provision of this Section 11.01 or the definition of “Required Lenders” or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; or (g) release the Company from the Company Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender; and, provided further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Canadian Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Canadian Administrative Agent under this Agreement; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iv) Section 11.06(h) may not be amended, waived or otherwise modified without the consent of each Granting Lender all or any part of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment, waiver or other modification; and (v) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, only in a writing executed by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender. 11.02 Notices and [COMPANY]; Facsimile Copies. (a) General . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 83 (i) if to any Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Canadian Administrative Agent, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 11.02 ; and (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b) . (b) [COMPANY] . All notices hereunder to any Borrower shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier (or, to the extent permitted hereunder to be given by telephone, immediately confirmed in a writing so delivered, mailed or sent). Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Company may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative 84 Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the “ Agent Parties ”) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower’s or the Administrative Agent’s transmission of Borrower Materials through the internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). (d) Change of Address, Etc . Each Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may change its address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer. Furthermore, each Public Lender (as defined in Section 6.02 ) agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the “Private Side Information” or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform (as defined in Section 6.02 ) in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender’s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials (as defined in Section 1.01 ) that are not made available through the “Public Side Information” portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. (e) Reliance by Agents and Lenders . Each Agent and Lender shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Drawing Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower, which such Agent or Lender believes in good faith to have been given by a duly authorized officer or other person authorized to borrow on behalf of the Applicable Borrower, even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. Each Borrower shall indemnify each Agent, the L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of such Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other communications with an Agent may be recorded by such Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 11.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by any Lender or the Agents to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan 85 Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuer; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L/C Issuer from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 11.08 , or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 11.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. (a) Costs and Expenses . The Borrowers agree, jointly and severally, (i) to pay or reimburse the Agents for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the development, preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including all Attorney Costs, (ii) to pay the L/C Issuer all fees, costs and charges required under Section 2.03(j) and (iii) to pay or reimburse the Agents, the L/C Issuer and each Lender for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement, attempted enforcement, or preservation of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any “workout” or restructuring in respect of the Obligations and during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law), including all Attorney Costs. The foregoing costs and expenses shall include all search, filing, recording, title insurance and appraisal charges and fees and taxes related thereto, and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents and the cost of independent public accountants and other outside experts retained by the Agents or any Lender. All amounts due under this Section 11.04 shall be payable within 20 Business Days after demand therefor. (b) Indemnification by the Borrowers . Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Borrowers shall jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer, the Arranger, each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “ Indemnitee ”) from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements (including Attorney Costs) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any such Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with (i) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance or administration of any Loan Document or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) any Commitment, 86 Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), or related to any Canadian Dollar transactions, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding) and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing, collectively, the “ Indemnified Liabilities ”); provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements (A) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (B) result from non-tort claims by a Borrower against such Indemnitee that are successful on the merits as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Borrowers for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Agents (or any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer, the Arranger or any Related Party of any of the foregoing (it being acknowledged that, for the avoidance of doubt, such required amounts do not include any fees arising solely from the Fee Letter), each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agents (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer, the Arranger or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender’s Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Agents (or any such sub-agent) or the L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for an Agent (or any such sub-agent) or L/C Issuer in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (b) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Borrower shall assert, and each Borrower hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than 20 Business Days after demand therefor. 87 (f) The agreements in this Section 11.04 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the Canadian Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Arranger, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 11.05 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of a Borrower is made to either Agent or any Lender, or either Agent or any Lender exercises its right of set-off, and such payment or the proceeds of such set-off or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by an Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such set-off had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Applicable Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by such Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to (A) in the case of Domestic Loans and L/C Credit Extensions, the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect and (B) in the case of Canadian Loans and Bankers’ Acceptance Credit Extensions, the Overnight Canadian Rate from time to time in effect. 11.06 Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrowers may not assign or otherwise transfer any of their rights or obligations hereunder (except in a transaction permitted under Section 7.02 ) without the prior written consent of each Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(d) , (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Sections 11.06(f) and (i) , or (iv) to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(h) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 11.06(d) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 11.06(b) , participations in L/C Obligations) at the time owing to it); provided that (i) except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so 88 long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); (ii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, (iii) any assignment of a Commitment must be approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless the Person that is the proposed assignee is itself a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund (whether or not the proposed assignee would otherwise qualify as an Eligible Assignee); (iv) any assignment of a Commitment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding) must be approved by the L/C Issuer (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); and (v) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption and (except in the case of an assignment by a Lender to its Affiliate) a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, provided, however, that the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment, and the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.06(c) , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 and 11.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Upon request, each Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 11.06(b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 11.06(d) . (c) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent’s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “ Register ”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. In addition, at any time that a request for a consent for a material or substantive change to the Loan Documents is pending, any Lender wishing to consult with other Lenders in connection therewith may request and receive from the Administrative Agent a copy of the Register. 89 (d)(i) In addition to sales of Canadian Participations by Canadian Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(b)(ii) , any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, any Borrower, any of the Borrowers’ Affiliates or Subsidiaries and any Defaulting Lender) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender’s participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); provided that (i) unless a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company shall have approved the sale of participations to such Person (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); (ii) no participations in Canadian Loans or Bankers’ Acceptances shall be sold to any Person that is not a Canadian Resident; (iii) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (iv) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; (v) the Borrowers, the Agents, the L/C Issuer and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement; and (vi) such Lender complies with Section 11.06(d)(ii) ; provided further that clauses (i) through (v) of the foregoing proviso are not applicable to Canadian Participations. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 11.01 that directly affects such Participant. Subject to Section 11.06(e) , the Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 11.06(b) . To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. (ii) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Applicable Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the “ Participant Register ”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender may treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. (e) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Company’s prior written consent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 11.14(a)(iii)(A) , a Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 as if it were a Lender if the Company is notified of the 90 participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Company, to comply with Section 11.14 as though it were a Lender. (f) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. (g) As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings: “ Eligible Assignee ” means (a) a Lender; (b) an Affiliate of a Lender; (c) an Approved Fund; and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Administrative Agent, and (ii) unless a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) “Eligible Assignee” shall not include any Borrower, any of the Borrowers’ Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or any Defaulting Lender and (ii) in the case of clauses (a), (b) and (c), no such Lender, Affiliate or Approved Fund shall be an Eligible Assignee for purposes of Canadian Loans or Bankers’ Acceptances unless such Person is a Canadian Resident. (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a “ Granting Lender ”) may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Company (an “ SPC ”) the option to provide all or any part of any Committed Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund any Committed Loan, and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Committed Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Committed Loan pursuant to the terms hereof or, if it fails to do so, to make such payment to the Applicable Agent as is required under Section 2.12(b)(ii) ; provided further that no such grant to an SPC shall impose Taxes or Other Taxes on any Borrower. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Company under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 3.04 ), (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable, and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes, including the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document, remain the lender of record hereunder. The making of a Committed Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Committed Loan were made by such Granting Lender. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior debt of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, or liquidation proceeding under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without prior consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or any portion 91 of its right to receive payment with respect to any Committed Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Committed Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety or Guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Note, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations or securities, provided that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of this Section 11.06 , (a) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (b) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under the Loan Documents even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise. For purposes of this Section 11.06(i) , “ Fund ” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. (j) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Wells Fargo Bank, National Association assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to Section 11.06(b) , Wells Fargo Bank, National Association may, upon 30 days’ notice to the Company and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer. In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer, the Company shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer hereunder; provided, however , that no failure by the Company to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as L/C Issuer. In the event that each Lender selected by the Company as L/C Issuer declines the appointment, Bank of America shall become the L/C Issuer, without further action by the Company or the Lenders. If Wells Fargo Bank, National Association resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights and obligations of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) ). (k) Electronic Execution of Assignments . The words “execution,” “signed”, “signature,” and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. (l) Defaulting Lenders . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of 92 participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Pro Rata Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this Section 11.06(l) , then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 11.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Agents, the L/C Issuer and Lenders agrees to maintain, and to cause its Affiliates (including any Related Parties) to maintain, the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates’ respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential); (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners); (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (d) to any other party hereto; (e) to the extent reasonably required, in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents; (g) with the consent of the Company; or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to any Agent, the L/C Issuer, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company; provided , however, that to the extent permitted by applicable law or regulation, each of the Agents and Lenders agrees to notify the Company prior to (if reasonably practicable) or concurrently with its disclosure of such information to any third party pursuant to clauses (b), (c) and (f). In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and public information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Commitments, and the Credit Extensions. For the purposes of this Section, “ Information ” means all information received from any Loan Party relating to any Loan Party or its business, other than any such information that is available to any Agent, the L/C Issuer, or any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by any Loan Party; provided that, in the case of any information received from a Loan Party after the date hereof (other than in connection with Section 6.03 , all of which is acknowledged to constitute “Information” regardless of any marking as confidential), such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person 93 would accord to its own confidential information. Each of the Agents and each of the Lenders acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Borrowers or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws. 11.08 Set-off. In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Lender is authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to the Borrowers, any such notice being waived by the Borrowers to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held by, and other indebtedness at any time owing by, such Lender to or for the credit or the account of the respective Loan Parties against any and all Obligations owing to such Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document, now or hereafter existing, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have made demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that of the applicable deposit or indebtedness. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and application made by such Lender; provided, however , that (i) the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application and (ii) in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. 11.09 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the “ Maximum Rate ”). If either Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Applicable Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 11.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 11.11 Integration. This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, comprises the complete and integrated agreement of the parties on the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, on such subject matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control; provided that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Agents or the Lenders in any other Loan Document shall not be deemed a conflict with this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof. 94 11.12 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by each Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by either Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that either Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 11.13 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 11.14 Tax Forms. (a) (i) Each Lender that is not a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (a “ Foreign Lender ”) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, prior to receipt of any payment subject to withholding under the Code (or upon accepting an assignment of an interest herein), two duly signed completed copies of either IRS Form W-8BEN or any successor thereto (relating to such Foreign Lender and entitling it to an exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax on all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Company pursuant to this Agreement) or IRS Form W-8ECI or any successor thereto (relating to all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement) and such other evidence satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent that such Foreign Lender is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. withholding tax, including any exemption pursuant to Section 881(c) of the Code. Thereafter and from time to time, each such Foreign Lender shall (A) promptly submit to the Administrative Agent such additional duly completed and signed copies of one of such forms (or such successor forms as shall be adopted from time to time by the relevant United States taxing authorities) as may then be available under then current United States laws and regulations to avoid, or such evidence as is satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent of any available exemption from or reduction of, United States withholding taxes in respect of all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, (B) promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction, and (C) take such steps as shall not be materially disadvantageous to it, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, and as may be reasonably necessary (including the re-designation of its Lending Office) to avoid any requirement of applicable Laws that the Company make any deduction or withholding for taxes from amounts payable to such Foreign Lender. (ii) Each Foreign Lender, to the extent it does not act or ceases to act for its own account with respect to any portion of any sums paid or payable to such Lender under any of the Loan Documents (for example, in the case of a typical participation by such Lender), shall deliver to the Administrative Agent on the date when such Foreign Lender ceases to act for its own account with respect to any portion of any such sums paid or payable, and at such other times as may be necessary in the determination of the Administrative Agent (in the reasonable exercise of its discretion), (A) two duly signed completed copies of the forms or statements required to be provided by such Lender as set forth above, to establish the portion of any such sums paid or payable with respect to which such Lender acts for its own account that is not subject to U.S. withholding tax, and (B) two duly signed completed copies of IRS Form W- 95 8IMY (or any successor thereto), together with any information such Lender chooses to transmit with such form, and any other certificate or statement of exemption required under the Code, to establish that such Lender is not acting for its own account with respect to a portion of any such sums payable to such Lender. (iii) [COMPANY] shall not be required to pay any additional amount to or indemnify any Foreign Lender under Section 3.01 (A) with respect to any Taxes required to be deducted or withheld on the basis of the information, certificates or statements of exemption such Lender transmits with an IRS Form W-8IMY pursuant to this Section 11.14(a) (other than with respect to the portion of any sums paid or payable to such Lender under any of the Loan Documents with respect to which such Lender acts for its own account) or (B) to the extent that the obligation to pay or indemnify such additional amounts would not have arisen but for the failure of such Foreign Lender to comply with the provisions of Section 11.14(a) ; provided that if such Lender shall have satisfied the requirement of this Section 11.14(a) effective as of the date such Lender became a Lender or ceased to act for its own account with respect to any payment under any of the Loan Documents, nothing in this Section 11.14(a) shall relieve the Company of its obligation to pay any amounts pursuant to Section 3.01 in the event that, as a result of any subsequent change in any applicable law, treaty or governmental rule, regulation or order, or any subsequent change in the interpretation, administration or application thereof, such Lender is no longer properly entitled to deliver forms, certificates or other evidence at a subsequent date establishing the fact that such Lender or other Person for the account of which such Lender receives any sums payable under any of the Loan Documents is not subject to withholding or is subject to withholding at a reduced rate. (iv) The Administrative Agent may, without reduction, withhold any Taxes required to be deducted and withheld from any payment under any of the Loan Documents with respect to which the Company is not required to pay additional amounts under this Section 11.14(a) . (b) Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, each Lender that is a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Administrative Agent two duly signed completed copies of IRS Form W-9. If such Lender fails to deliver such forms, then the Administrative Agent may withhold from any interest payment to such Lender an amount equivalent to the applicable back-up withholding tax imposed by the Code, without reduction. (c) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such 96 payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (c), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. (d) Without duplication of Sections 11.14(a) , Section 11.14(b) or Section 11.14(c) , any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation identified in Sections 11.14(a) , Section 11.14(b) or Section 11.14(c) ) shall not be required if in the Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (e) If any Governmental Authority asserts that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold or backup withhold, as the case may be, any tax or other amount from payments made to or for the account of any Lender, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent therefor, including all penalties and interest, any taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on the amounts payable to the Administrative Agent under this Section 11.14 , and costs and expenses (including Attorney Costs) of the Administrative Agent. The obligation of the Lenders under this Section 11.14 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and the resignation of the Administrative Agent. (f) Each Canadian Lender hereby represents and warrants that it is a Canadian Resident, and each Canadian Lender agrees that if the foregoing representation is inaccurate with respect to such Canadian Lender in any material respect, then the Applicable Borrower shall not be required to pay to such Canadian Lender any amounts pursuant to Section 3.01 relating to any Taxes resulting solely from such inaccuracy. If a Borrower is required to pay amounts to any Canadian Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 (whether by reason of such Canadian Lender’s change of status or otherwise), then such Canadian Lender shall use reasonable efforts (consistent with legal and regulatory restrictions) to take such actions as are necessary to minimize such Borrower’s obligations under Article III , if such actions, in the sole judgment of such Canadian Lender, are not otherwise disadvantageous to such Canadian Lender. (g) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Borrowers and Applicable Agent, within ten days after demand therefor, for any and all Taxes and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities, penalties, interest and expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements 97 of any counsel for the Borrowers or Applicable Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Borrowers or the Applicable Agent by any Governmental Authority as a result of the failure by such Lender to deliver, or as a result of the inaccuracy or similar deficiency of any documentation required to be delivered by such Lender to the Borrowers or Applicable Agent pursuant to Section 11.14 . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Applicable Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Applicable Agent for such Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.06(d)(ii) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities, penalties, interest and expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Applicable Agent), whether or not such taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (g). The agreements in this Section 11.14(g) will survive the resignation and/or replacement of Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 11.15 Replacement of Lenders. If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , (ii) a Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , (iii) any Lender is a Non-Extending Lender for any extension of the Maturity Date, (iv) any Lender is a “Defaulting Lender” or (v) any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives any Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then such Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Agents, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.06 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that : (a) the Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 11.06(b) ; (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 ) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts); (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and 98 (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 11.16 Governing Law. (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE; PROVIDED THAT THE AGENTS, THE L/C ISSUER AND EACH LENDER SHALL RETAIN ALL RIGHTS ARISING UNDER FEDERAL LAW. (b) ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE BORROWERS, THE AGENTS, THE L/C ISSUER AND EACH LENDER CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. THE BORROWERS, THE AGENTS, THE L/C ISSUER AND EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS , WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO. THE BORROWERS, THE AGENTS, THE L/C ISSUER AND EACH LENDER WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF SUCH STATE. (c) The Borrowers expressly require that this document and all documents accessory hereto be drawn up in English and each Agent and each Lender, because of the customer’s requirement and by making such documents available to the customer in the English language, expresses the same requirement. Les Emprunteurs requièrent expressément que ce document et tous les documents qui s’y rapportent soient rédigés en langue anglaise et chaque Mondataire et chaque Banque, à cause de cette exigence du client, exprime la même volonté en faisant en sorte que les documents en langue anglaise soient à la disposition du client. 11.17 Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN 99 THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 11.18 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates’ understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Agents, the Lenders and the Arranger are arm’s-length commercial transactions between the Borrowers, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agents, the Lenders and the Arranger, on the other hand, (B) such Borrower and each other Loan Party has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) such Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Agents, the Lenders and the Arranger is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for any Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) none of the Agents nor the Lenders nor the Arranger has any obligation to any Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Agents, the Lenders and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Agents nor the Lenders nor the Arranger has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to any Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against any of the Agents, the Lenders or the Arranger with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 11.19 USA Patriot Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “ Act ”), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrowers, which information includes the name and address of the Borrowers and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrowers in accordance with the Act. 11.20 Judgment. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of a Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the “ Judgment Currency ”) other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the “ Agreement Currency ”), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in the Agreement Currency, the Borrowers agree, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such 100 judgment, jointly and severally, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or the Person to whom such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in such currency, the Administrative Agent agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Applicable Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 11.21 Limitation of Apex Health Distribution Canada Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, the liability of Apex Health Distribution Canada hereunder and under any other Loan Documents shall be limited to the Obligations of Apex Health Distribution Canada, and Apex Health Distribution Canada shall have no liability whatsoever under the Loan Documents with respect to any Obligations of the Domestic Borrowers. 101 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. MCKESSON CORPORATION By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono Name: Nicholas A. Loiacono Title: Vice President and Treasurer MCKESSON CANADA CORPORATION By: /s/ Paula Keays Name: Paula Keays Title: Vice President Finance, [COMPANY] Officer and Assistant Treasurer BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: /s/ Zubin R. Shroff Name: Zubin R. Shroff Title: Director BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender By: /s/ Zubin R. Shroff Name: Zubin R. Shroff Title: Director BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent By: /s/ Medina Sales de Andrade Name: Medina Sales de Andrade Title: Vice President BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Lender By: /s/ Medina Sales de Andrade Name: Medina Sales de Andrade Title: Vice President WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as L/C Issuer By: /s/ Kirk Tesch Name: Kirk Tesch Title: Director WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender By: /s/ Kirk Tesch Name: Kirk Tesch Title: Director JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. By: /s/ Vanessa Chiu Name: Vanessa Chiu Title: Executive Director THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD. By: /s/ Victor Pierzchalski Name: Victor Pierzchalski Title: Authorized Signatory THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA By: /s/ Diane Emanuel Name: Diane Emanuel Title: Managing Director U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Janet E. Jordan Name: Janet E. Jordan Title: Senior Vice President U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, Canada Branch By: /s/ Joseph Rauhala Name: Joseph Rauhala Title: Principal Officer COÖPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A. “RABOBANK NEDERLAND”, NEW YORK BRANCH By: /s/ Steven Cashiola Name: Steven Cashiola Title: Vice President By: /s/ Sue Chen-Holmes Name: Sue Chen-Holmes Title: Vice President GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA By: /s/ Anna Ostrovsky Name: Anna Ostrovsky Title: Authorized Signatory PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Philip K. Liebscher Name: Philip K. Liebscher Title: Senior Vice President FIFTH THIRD BANK By: /s/ Mitchell E. Gruesen Name: Mitchell E. Gruesen Title: Officer HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Ted Olson Name: Ted Olson Title: Vice President TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS) LLC By: /s/ Debbi L. Brito Name: Debbi L. Brito Title: Authorized Signatory THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK By: /s/ Debbi L. Brito Name: Debbi L. Brito Title: [COMPANY] By: /s/ Windsor Davies Name: Windsor Davies Title: [COMPANY] By: /s/ Charles Foster Name: Charles Foster Title: Managing Director SCHEDULE 2.01 COMMITMENTS, PRO RATA SHARES AND AFFILIATE BANKS Domestic Lender Canadian Lender Canadian Commitments (in U.S. Dollars) Canadian Pro Rata Share Total Commitment Total Pro Rata Share BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (acting through its Canada Branch) $ 54,500,000 27.250000000 % $ 200,000,000 15.384615384 % WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION $ 0 $ 175,000,000 13.461538461 % JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. $ 50,000,000 25.000000000 % $ 175,000,000 13.461538461 % THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD. $ 0 $ 100,000,000 7.692307692 % THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA $ 30,000,000 15.000000000 % $ 100,000,000 7.692307692 % U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, CANADA BRANCH $ 30,000,000 15.000000000 % $ 100,000,000 7.692307692 % COÖPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A. “RABOBANK NEDERLAND”, NEW YORK BRANCH $ 0 $ 70,000,000 5.384615384 % GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA $ 0 $ 70,000,000 5.384615384 % PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION $ 0 $ 70,000,000 5.384615384 % FIFTH THIRD BANK $ 0 $ 70,000,000 5.384615384 % HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION $ 10,500,000 5.250000000 % $ 70,000,000 5.384615384 % Schedule 2.01-1 TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS) LLC THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK $ 25,000,000 12.500000000 % $ 50,000,000 3.846153846 % [COMPANY] $ 0 $ 50,000,000 3.846153846 % Totals: $ 200,000,000 100.000000000 % $ 1,300,000,000 100.000000000 % Schedule 2.01-2 SCHEDULE 5.11 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 3071406 [COMPANY], [COMPANY] (Deutschland) [COMPANY], LLC KCCC JV, LLC AccessMed, LLC KWS & P/SFA, [COMPANY] of Indiana, [COMPANY] of Arizona, [COMPANY] (Shanghai) [COMPANY] of Indiana, [COMPANY] [COMPANY] of Missouri, [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] of Oklahoma, [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] of Pennsylvania, [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] of Virginia, [COMPANY] AOR of [COMPANY] LLC AOR of [COMPANY], [COMPANY] AOR Real Estate, [COMPANY] S.a.r.l. AOR Synthetic Real Estate, [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] of [COMPANY] [COMPANY] of [COMPANY] Missouri, [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. CCCN NW Building JV, [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Clinique Santé [COMPANY] S.a.r.l. Colorado Cancer Centers, [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY][COMPANY] [COMPANY] France S.a.r.l. D & K [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Delta Clinical Research, LLC S.a.r.l. East Indy CC, [COMPANY] Netherlands Foremost de Venezuela, [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Sweden AB Foremost Shir, [COMPANY] Topholdings Foremost Tehran, Inc. S.a r.l. [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] International Bermuda IP2A Limited Greenville Radiation Care, [COMPANY] International Bermuda IP2B [COMPANY], [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution International Bermuda IP3B Innovent Oncology, LLC Unlimited Schedule 5.11-1 Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Plasma and [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] (Atlantic) [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY] [COMPANY] (B.C.) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY] V [COMPANY] (1993) [COMPANY] VII [COMPANY] International Malaysia Sdn Bhd Medical & Vaccine Products, [COMPANY] International Netherlands BV MHD-USO General, [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY] International Sweden I AB National Oncology Alliance, [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY] and Services, [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY]. NexCura, [COMPANY] [COMPANY], [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] II, Inc. Schedule 5.11-2 [COMPANY], [COMPANY], LLC Oncology Rx Care Advantage, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] Strategic Health Alliance II, Inc. Oncology Today, [COMPANY]. Onmark, Inc. System C Healthcare plc OTN Generics, [COMPANY], LLC OTN Participant, Inc. The Oncology Portal, [COMPANY] Canada, Inc. The Oregon Cancer Centers, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] Unity Oncology, LLC Physician Reliance Network, LLC National Cancer Network Clinical Development, LLC Physician Reliance, LLC National Cancer Network Corporate, Inc. Physician Reliance Maryland, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] of Delaware, [COMPANY], [COMPANY], [COMPANY], LLC Purchasing Alliance for [COMPANY], [COMPANY], [COMPANY], LLC RFCC Asset, LLC National Cancer Network Research, LLC RMCC Cancer Center, LLC National Cancer Network Specialty, LP S.K.U., Inc. National Cancer Network, Inc. SelectPlus Oncology, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Southeast Texas Cancer Centers, LP Zee Medical, Inc. Schedule 5.11-3 SCHEDULE 5.12 MATERIAL SECURED INDEBTEDNESS Indebtedness of [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation (“ CGSF ”), under the “Transaction Documents” as defined in that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of May 18, 2011 among CGSF, as seller, the Company, as initial servicer, the conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and managing agents from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as collateral agent. Schedule 5.12-1 SCHEDULE 11.02 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT’S OFFICE, CERTAIN ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES COMPANY: Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460-5296 Attention: Nicholas A. Loiacono, Vice President and Treasurer Telephone: (415) 983-9339 Facsimile: (415) 983-8826 Electronic mail: nicholas.loiacono@www.apexhealthdist.com Website address: www.apexhealthdist.com McKESSON CANADA: [COMPANY] 8625 Trans Canada Highway St. Laurent, Quebec Canada H4Z 1Z6 Attention: Paula Keays, [COMPANY] Officer Telephone: (514) 832-8245 Facsimile: (514) 832-8232 Electronic mail: paula.keays@mckesson.ca Website address: www.mckesson.ca with a copy of all notices to: Nicholas A. Loiacono, Vice President and Treasurer, Apex Health Distribution (see Company contact information above) ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: Administrative Agent’s Contact for Payments and Requests for Credit Extensions : Bank of America, N.A. 2001 Clayton Road Mail Code: CA4-702-02-25 Concord, CA 94520-2405 Attention: Anthony Salvador Telephone: (925) 675-8101 Facsimile: 415-249-5033 Electronic Mail: Anthony.salvador@baml.com Payment Instructions: Bank of America, N.A. Schedule 11.02-1 New York, NY Attn: [COMPANY] West ABA #: 026009593 Account #: 3750836479 Ref: Apex Health Distribution Other Notices as Administrative Agent : Bank of America, [COMPANY] 1455 Market Street Mail Code: CA5-701-05-19 Midland, Kansas 94103 Attention: Kevin Ahart Telephone: (415) 436-2750 Facsimile: (415) 503-5000 Electronic Mail: kevin.ahart@baml.com CANADIAN ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: Canadian Administrative Agent’s Office : Bank of America, N.A., Canada Branch 181 Bay Street, 4 th Floor Toronto, Ontario M5J 2V8 Contact for Payments and Requests for Credit Extensions : Attn: Clara McGibbon Telephone: (416) 369-2838 Facsimile: (416) 369-7647 Attn: Dita Kumudewati Telephone: (416) 349-2845 Facsimile: (416) 369-7647 Other Notices as Canadian Administrative Agent : Attn: Medina Sales de Andrade, VP Telephone: (416) 369-2574 Facsimile: (416) 369-7647 Payment Instructions: Canadian Dollar LVTS — Large Value Transaction System Bank of America, N.A., Canada Branch 200 Front Street West, Toronto Attn: Agency Loans Admin. Swift Code: BOFACATT Schedule 11.02-2 Transit #: 01312-241 Account #: 90083255 Ref: Apex Health Distribution Canada L/C ISSUER: Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Address: 7711 Plantation Rd, Roanoke, VA 24019 Attention: [COMPANY] Telephone: 866-647-7249 Facsimile: 704-715-0099 Electronic Mail: specializedloans@wachovia.com with a copy of all notices to: Address: 301 South College Street, 15 th Floor Charlotte NC 28202 Attention: Kirk Tesch Telephone: 704-715-1708 Facsimile: 704-715-1438 Electronic Mail: kirk.tesch@wellsfargo.com Schedule 11.02-3 EXHIBIT A FORM OF COMMITTED LOAN NOTICE Date: [ ] To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent [Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), Canadian Administrative Agent ] Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “ Agreement ”; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation, [COMPANY], a Nova Scotia unlimited company, each other Domestic Borrower party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer. The undersigned hereby requests (select one): ¨ A Borrowing of Committed Loaans ¨ A conversion of Loans ¨ A continuation of Loans 1. The Borrower is . 2. On (a Business Day). 3. In the amount of . 4. Comprised of [Eurodollar Rate Loans] [Base Rate Loans][Canadian Prime Rate Loans]. [Type of Committed Loan requested ] 5. For Eurodollar Rate Loans: with an Interest Period of months. 6. The Applicable Currency is [Dollars] [Canadian Dollars] [ The Borrowing requested herein complies with the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.01(a) of the Agreement and, if made with respect to Canadian Loans, Section 2.01(b)(i) of the Agreement. ] [BORROWER] By: Name: Title: Exhibit A-1 EXHIBIT B-1 FORM OF NOTE [DOMESTIC LOANS] FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned [Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation] (the “ Borrower ”), hereby promises to pay to [ ] or registered assigns (the “ Lender ”), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “ Agreement ”; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, [COMPANY], each other Domestic Borrower party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer. The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender in Dollars in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent’s Office. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement. This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach Schedules to this Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. [MCKESSON CORPORATION] By: Name: Title: Exhibit B-1-1 EXHIBIT B-2 FORM OF NOTE [CANADIAN LOANS] FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, [COMPANY], a Nova Scotia unlimited company (the “ Borrower ”), hereby promises to pay to [ ] or registered assigns (the “ Lender ”), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “ Agreement ”; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, Apex Health Distribution, each other Domestic Borrower party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer. The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Canadian Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender in Canadian Dollars in immediately available funds at the Canadian Administrative Agent’s Office. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement. This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach Schedules to this Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. MCKESSON CANADA CORPORATION By: Name: Title: Exhibit B-2-1 LOANS AND PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT THERETO Date Type of Loan Made Amount of Loan Made End of Interest Period Amount of Principal or Interest Paid This Date Outstanding Principal Balance This Date Notation Made By Exhibit B-2-2 EXHIBIT C [COMPANY] Statement Date: , To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 23, 2011 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “ Agreement ”; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), [COMPANY], a Nova Scotia unlimited company, each other Domestic Borrower party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer. The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he/she is the of the Company, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of the Company, and that: [ Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end financial statements ] 1. Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the year-end audited financial statements required by Section 6.01(a) of the Agreement for the fiscal year of the Company ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such Section. [ Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal quarter-end financial statements] 1. Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the unaudited financial statements required by Section 6.01(b) of the Agreement for the fiscal quarter of the Company ended as of the above date. Such financial statements fairly present the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 2. The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements. 3. A review of the activities of the Company during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to determining whether during such fiscal period the Company performed and observed all its Obligations under the Loan Documents, and [select one:] [to the best knowledge of the undersigned during such fiscal period, the Company performed and observed each covenant and condition of the Loan Documents applicable to it.] Exhibit C-1 [the following covenants or conditions have not been performed or observed and the following is a list of each such Default and its nature and status: ] 4. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article V of the Agreement, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection with the Loan Documents, are true and correct on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except for purposes of this Compliance Certificate, the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.08(a) of the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Agreement, including the statements in connection with which the Compliance Certificate is delivered. 5. The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the date of this Certificate. Exhibit C-2 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of , . MCKESSON CORPORATION By: Name: Title: Exhibit C-3 For the Quarter/Year ended (“ Statement Date ”) SCHEDULE 1 to the Compliance Certificate Maximum Total Debt to Capitalization Ratio ($ in 000’s) 1. Total Debt: $ 2. Net Worth (sum of Items 2(a), 2(b), 2(c) and 2(d), minus Item 2(e) below): $ (a) Capital stock: $ (b) Additional paid-in-capital: $ (c) Retained earnings (accumulated deficits): $ (d) Accumulated other comprehensive income: $ (e) Treasury stock $ 3. Total Capitalization (sum of Items 1 and 2): $ 4. Ratio of Total Debt (Item 1) to Total Capitalization (Item 3): : 5. Maximum Ratio Permitted under Section 7.04 : 0.565:1.00 Exhibit C-4 EXHIBIT D FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION This Assignment and Assumption (this “ Assignment and Assumption ”) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [ Insert name of Assignor ] (the “ Assignor ”) and [ Insert name of Assignee ] (the “ Assignee ”). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (the “ Credit Agreement ”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor’s rights and obligations as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including Letters of Credit included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned by the Assignor to the Assignee pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the “ Assigned Interest ”). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 1. Assignor: 2. Assignee: [and is an Affiliate/Approved Fund of [identify Lender]] 3. Borrower(s): Apex Health Distribution and [COMPANY] and [ ] 4. Administrative Agent Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 5. Credit Agreement: The Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011, among Apex Health Distribution, [COMPANY], each other Domestic Borrower party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Exhibit D-1 Administrative Agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer 6. Assigned Interest: Facility Assigned Aggregate amount of Commitment for all Lenders* Amount of Commitment Assigned* Percentage Assigned of Commitment 1 CUSIP Number Domestic Loans $ $ [ . ]% Canadian Loans $ $ [ . ]% $ $ [ . ]% 7. Trade Date: 2 Effective Date: , 20 [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: ASSIGNOR [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] By: Name: Title: ASSIGNEE [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] By: Name: Title: [Consented to and] Accepted: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: 1 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment of all Lenders thereunder. 2 To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date. Exhibit D-2 Name: Title: [Consented to: MCKESSON CORPORATION By: Name: Title:] Exhibit D-3 ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 23, 2011 MCKESSON CORPORATION, MCKESSON CANADA CORPORATION, EACH OTHER DOMESTIC BORROWER PARTY THERETO, THE LENDERS PARTY THERETO, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. (ACTING THROUGH ITS CANADA BRANCH, AS CANADIAN ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, AND WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS L/C ISSUER STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties . 1.1. Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 1.2. Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. Exhibit D-4 2. Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 3. General Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. Exhibit D-5 EXHIBIT E FORM OF DRAWING NOTICE Pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “ Agreement ”; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation, [COMPANY], a Nova Scotia unlimited company, each other Domestic Borrower party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto (the “ Lenders ”), Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer, this represents Apex Health Distribution Canada’s notice pursuant to Section 2.04(b) of the Agreement that Apex Health Distribution Canada hereby requests a Drawing under the Agreement, and, in connection therewith, sets forth below the information relating to such Drawing as required by Section 2.04(b) of the Agreement: 1. The Drawing Date, which is a Business Day, is ; 2. The aggregate Face Amount of Drafts to be accepted is Cdn.$ ; 3. The maturity date for such Drafts is , , which represents a term to maturity of approximately [ Insert term of bill of exchange, which may be anywhere from 7 to 180 ] days. Dated: MCKESSON CANADA CORPORATION By: Name: Title: Exhibit E-1 EXHIBIT F FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT This JOINDER AGREEMENT, dated as of [ ] (this “ Joinder Agreement ”), is entered into among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), [INSERT NAME OF DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARY BORROWER], a [INSERT JURISDICTION AND TYPE OF ORGANIZATION OF DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARY BORROWER] (the “ Additional Borrower ”), and Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the “ Administrative Agent ”), under and as defined in the Agreement referred to below. [COMPANY], [COMPANY], a Nova Scotia unlimited company (“ Apex Health Distribution Canada ”), and each other Domestic Borrower party thereto have entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “ Agreement ”; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), with the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer, pursuant to which the Lenders and the L/C Issuer have agreed to make certain Credit Extensions to the Borrowers on behalf and for the benefit of the Borrowers on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein and the other Loan Documents. B. The Additional Borrower is a wholly owned [in]direct Domestic Subsidiary of the Company that wishes to become a Borrower party to the Agreement, entitled to receive Credit Extensions thereunder. C. Pursuant to Section 7.02(d) of the Agreement, the Company has requested that the Additional Borrower become a Borrower party to the Agreement, entitled to receive Credit Extensions thereunder, and the Agents, Lenders and L/C Issuer have agreed to such request. AGREEMENT 1. 7.02(d) Domestic Subsidiary . By executing and delivering this Joinder Agreement, the Company hereby represents and warrants that Additional Borrower is a wholly-owned [in]direct Domestic Subsidiary of the Company that, concurrent herewith, is receiving a transfer of all of the Company’s pharmacology distribution business. 2. Joined as Borrower Under Agreement . By executing and delivering this Joinder Agreement as provided in Section 7.02(d) of the Agreement, the Additional Borrower hereby becomes a party to the Agreement as a Borrower thereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Borrower and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby expressly and unconditionally assumes all obligations and liabilities of a Borrower thereunder. The Additional Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Company as its agent for all purposes relevant to the Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, including (i) the giving and receipt of notices, (ii) the execution and delivery of all documents, instruments and certificates contemplated in the Agreement and all modifications thereto, and (iii) the receipt of the proceeds of any Loans made by the Lenders to any such Additional Borrower. Any acknowledgment, consent, direction, certification or other action which might otherwise be valid or effective only if given or taken by all Borrowers, or by each Borrower acting singly, shall be valid and effective if given or taken only by the Company, whether or not any such other Exhibit F-1 Borrower joins therein. Any notice, demand, consent, acknowledgement, direction, certification or other communication delivered to the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been delivered to such Additional Borrower. 3. Supplement to Schedules; Representations and Warranties. The information set forth in Annex I to this Joinder Agreement is hereby added to the information set forth in the schedules to the Agreement. The Additional Borrower hereby represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Agreement, with respect to itself, is true and correct on and as the date hereof (after giving effect to this Joinder Agreement) as if made on and as of such date. 4. Governing Law . This Joinder Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State; provided that the Agents, the L/C Issuer and each Lender shall retain all rights arising under Federal law. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Joinder Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. MCKESSON CORPORATION By Name: Title: [INSERT NAME OF DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARY BORROWER] By Name: Title: Accepted: BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as Administrative Agent By: Name: Title: Exhibit F-2 Annex I-A to Joinder Agreement SUPPLEMENT TO AGREEMENT SCHEDULES Exhibit F-3 EXHIBIT G FORM OF DOMESTIC BORROWER NOTICE Date: , To: Apex Health Distribution The Lenders party to the Agreement referred to below Ladies and Gentlemen: This Domestic Borrower Notice is made and delivered pursuant to Section 7.02(d) of that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “ Agreement ”), among Apex Health Distribution (the “ Company ”), [COMPANY], each other Domestic Borrower party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. All capitalized terms used in this Domestic Borrower Notice and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. The Administrative Agent hereby notifies Company and the Lenders that effective as of the date hereof [ ] shall be a Domestic Borrower and may receive Loans for its account on the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement. This Domestic Borrower Notice shall constitute a Loan Document under the Agreement. BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: Exhibit G-1
EX-10.2 Exhibit 10.2 AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This AMENDMENT NO. 3 (this “ Amendment ”) dated as of November 15, 2013, is made to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2011 (as amended supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the “ Agreement ”), is made by and among [COMPANY] (the “ Seller ”), Apex Health Distribution, as initial Servicer (the “ Servicer ”), the Conduit Purchasers party hereto, the Committed Purchasers party hereto, the Managing Agents party hereto, and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement. PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS: (1) The parties hereto are parties to the Agreement. (2) Subject to the terms set forth herein, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the Agreement as set forth herein. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: SECTION 1. Amendments . Effective as of the date hereof and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 hereof, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 1.1. The lead-in to Section 6.1(a) of the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: “(a) Financial Reporting . Such Seller Party will maintain, for itself and each of its Material Subsidiaries, a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (or, with respect to Celesio, in accordance with either generally accepted accounting principles or IFRS), and furnish to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents:” 1.2. Section 7.7 of the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: “Section 7.7 Financial Covenant . Apex Health Distribution agrees that it will, as of the end of each calendar month, maintain a ratio of Total Debt to Total Capitalization of not greater than 0.65 to 1.00.” 1.3. Section 8.2 of the Agreement is amended to insert the following as new clause (c) immediately following clause (b) thereof: “(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the period beginning on the “Closing Date” (as defined under the Celesio Bridge Facility) and ending on the later of (i) 90 days from and including the “Closing Date” and (ii) 60 days following the discovery by an Authorized Officer of a Seller Party of a Celesio Default (as defined below), which discovery occurs within the time period referred to in clause (i) (the “ Clean-up Period ”), none of the Collateral Agent or any Purchaser may (x) declare that a Potential Amortization Event or an Amortization Event has occurred (and no such Potential Amortization Event or Amortization Event will be deemed to otherwise exist hereunder during the Clean-Up Period), or (y) terminate the Commitments or declare the Amortization Date to have occurred as a result solely of one or more Potential Amortization Events or Amortization Events described in Section 8.1(c) or (d), in each case, insofar as it relates to Celesio or any of its Subsidiaries (including for the avoidance of doubt any Potential Amortization Event or Amortization Event arising under Section 8.1(c) with respect to the Relevant Obligations of Celesio) (a “ Celesio Default ”); provided , that: (x) the event or circumstance giving rise to such Celesio Default, or the result of such Celesio Default, (i) directly relates to Celesio or any of its Subsidiaries (or any of their businesses, assets or liabilities), (ii) is capable of being cured or remedied during the Clean-up Period and (subject to any restrictions and limitations on the influence that [COMPANY] & Co. KGaA, a partnership limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Germany (“ Bidco ”) may exercise as shareholder of Celesio pursuant to mandatory German corporate law) commercially reasonable steps are taken by Apex Health Distribution or Bidco to remedy it, (iii) could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) has not been procured or approved by Apex Health Distribution or Bidco, and (v) was either not known by an Authorized Officer of Apex Health Distribution prior to October 23, 2013 or was disclosed or otherwise described in the financial statements and reports of Celesio publicly filed prior to October 23, 2013; and (y) that the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers shall be entitled to exercise any and all rights and remedies granted to them hereunder and under the Transaction Documents with respect to any such Potential Amortization Event or Amortization Event that is still in existence after the expiration of the Clean-up Period; provided , further , however that this Section 8.2(c) shall not apply to any Celesio Default if either (x) the Celesio Bridge Facility is in effect and the event or condition giving rise to such Celesio Default would result in an “Event of Default” (as defined in the Celesio Bridge Facility) thereunder and the “Clean-up Period” (as defined in the Celesio Bridge Facility) does not apply with respect to such event or condition or (y) the Revolving Credit Agreement is in effect and the event or condition giving rise to such Celesio Default would result in an “Event of Default” (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) thereunder and the “Clean-up Period” (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) does not apply with respect to such event or condition.” 1.4. Clauses (c) and (d) of clause (iii) of the definition of “Regulatory Change” appearing in Section 9.2(a) are amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows: “(c) the second Basel Accord prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, as updated from time to time (“ Basel II ”) and the third Basel Accord prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, as updated from time to time (“ Basel III ”); or (d) or any existing or future rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations, requests or directives from any Regulatory Authority relating to the FAS 166/167 Capital Guidelines, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, Basel II or Basel III (whether or not having the force of law).” 1.5. Section 9.3 of the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: “Section 9.3 Other Costs and Expenses . Seller shall pay to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers on demand all costs and out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including without limitation, all rating agency fees, costs and expenses incurred by any Purchaser or Managing Agent, the cost of the Purchasers’ 2 auditors auditing the books, records and procedures of Seller, reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of legal counsel for the Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent (which such counsel may be employees of the Purchasers, the Managing Agents or the Collateral Agent) with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent as to their respective rights and remedies under this Agreement. Seller shall pay to the Collateral Agent or the relevant Managing Agent, within ten (10) days following demand therefor, any and all costs and expenses of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers, if any, including reasonable counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement and the other documents delivered hereunder and in connection with any restructuring or workout of this Agreement or such documents, or the administration of this Agreement following an Amortization Event.” 1.6. Section 12.2 of the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: “Section 12.2 Notices . Except as provided below, all communications and notices provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including bank wire, telecopy or electronic facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to the other parties hereto at their respective addresses or facsimile numbers set forth below: If to the Seller: [COMPANY] One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Fax: (415) 983-9369 If to the Servicer: Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Fax: (415) 983-9369 If to the Collateral Agent: The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. 1251 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10020 Attention: Luna K. Mills Fax: (212) 782-6448 Email: securitization_reporting@us.mufg.jp If to any Managing Agent: The address set forth on Schedule B hereto If to any Purchaser: The address of the related Managing Agent set forth on Schedule B hereto 3 or, in each case, at such other address or telecopy number as such Person may hereafter specify for the purpose of notice to each of the other parties hereto. Each such notice or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by telecopy, upon the receipt thereof, (ii) if given by mail, three (3) Business Days after the time such communication is deposited in the mail with first class postage prepaid or (iii) if given by any other means, when received at the address specified in this Section 12.2 . Seller hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to effect purchases and Tranche Period and Discount Rate selections based on telephonic notices made by any Person whom the Collateral Agent in good faith believes to be acting on behalf of Seller. Seller agrees to deliver promptly to the Collateral Agent a written confirmation of each telephonic notice signed by an authorized officer of Seller; however, the absence of such confirmation shall not affect the validity of such notice. If the written confirmation differs from the action taken by the Collateral Agent, the records of the Collateral Agent shall govern absent manifest error.” 1.7. Section 12.13(a) of the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: “(a) BTMU Roles . Each of the Committed Purchasers acknowledges that BTMU acts, or may in the future act, (i) as administrative agent or administrative trustee for one or more of the Conduit Purchasers, (ii) as Managing Agent for one or more of the Conduit Purchasers, (iii) as issuing and paying agent for one or more Conduit Purchaser’s Commercial Paper, (iv) to provide credit or liquidity enhancement for the timely payment for one or more Conduit Purchaser’s Commercial Paper and (v) to provide other services from time to time for some or all of the Purchasers (collectively, the “ BTMU Roles ”). Without limiting the generality of this Section 12.13(a) , each Committed Purchaser hereby acknowledges and consents to any and all BTMU Roles and agrees that in connection with any BTMU Role, BTMU may take, or refrain from taking, any action that it, in its discretion, deems appropriate, including, without limitation, in its role as administrative agent or administrative trustee for the related Conduit Purchasers, and the giving of notice of a mandatory purchase pursuant its Liquidity Agreement.” 1.8. The definition of “CP Rate” appearing in Exhibit I to the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: “ CP Rate ” means, with respect to any Conduit Purchaser for any Tranche Period, the per annum rate equivalent to the weighted average cost (as determined by the related Managing Agent and which shall include commissions of placement agents and dealers, incremental carrying costs incurred with respect to Pooled Commercial Paper maturing on dates other than those on which corresponding funds are received by such Conduit Purchaser, other borrowings by such Conduit Purchaser (other than under any commercial paper program support agreement) and any other costs associated with the issuance of Pooled Commercial Paper) of or related to the issuance of Pooled Commercial Paper that are allocated, in whole or in part, by such Conduit Purchaser or its Managing Agent to fund or maintain its Purchaser Interests during such Tranche Period; provided , however , that if any component of such rate is a discount rate, in calculating the “CP Rate” for such Conduit Purchaser for such Purchaser Interest for such Tranche Period, such Conduit Purchaser shall for such component use the rate resulting from converting such discount rate to an interest-bearing equivalent rate per annum. 1.9. The definition of “Daily/30 Day LIBOR Rate” appearing in Exhibit I to the Agreement is deleted in its entirety. 1.10. The definition of “Facility Termination Date” appearing in Exhibit I to the Agreement is amended by deleting the reference to “November 15, 2013” therein and substituting the date “November 14, 2014” therefor. 4 1.11. The definition of “JPMorgan Chase” appearing in Exhibit I to the Agreement is deleted in its entirety. 1.12. Exhibit I of the Agreement is amended to insert the following definitions in appropriate alphabetical order therein: “ BTMU ” means The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch. “ Celesio ” means [COMPANY], a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Germany. “ Celesio Bridge Facility ” means that certain Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2013, among Apex Health Distribution, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. “ IFRS ” means [COMPANY] Reporting Standards, as published by the International Accounting Standards Board. 1.13. Schedule B to the Agreement is amended and restated as set forth on Annex II to this Amendment. SECTION 2. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof when, and only when, (a) the Collateral Agent shall have received executed counterparts of this Amendment from the parties hereto, (b) the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent shall have received each of the items listed on Annex I hereto, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents, and (c) each Managing Agent (or, with respect to PNC Bank, National Association, to [COMPANY]), shall have received payment of the Commitment Fee payable to such Managing Agent on the date hereof under the Fee Letter. SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties of the Seller and the Servicer . Each of the Seller and the Servicer represents and warrants as to itself as follows: 3.1. The execution and delivery by such Person of this Amendment are within its corporate or limited liability company powers, as applicable, and authority and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited liability company action, as applicable, on its part. 3.2. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Person. 3.3. No authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by such Person of this Amendment. 3.4. This Amendment and the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally. 3.5. Both before and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, the covenants, representations and warranties of such Person set forth in the Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof. 5 3.6. Both before and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, no event or circumstance has occurred and is continuing which constitutes an Amortization Event or a Potential Amortization Event. SECTION 4. Reference to and the Effect on the Agreement . 4.1. On and after the effective date of this Amendment, each reference in the Agreement to “this Agreement”, “hereunder”, “hereof”, “herein” or words of like import referring to the Agreement and each reference to the Agreement in any certificate delivered in connection therewith, shall mean and be a reference to the Agreement as amended hereby. 4.2. Each of the Seller and the Servicer hereby agrees that, except as expressly amended above, the Agreement is hereby ratified and confirmed and shall continue to be in full force and effect and enforceable, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally. SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses. As provided in Section 9.3 of the Agreement, the Seller agrees to pay on demand all reasonable costs and expenses of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other instruments and documents to be delivered in connection herewith, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of [COMPANY], counsel for the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers as to their respective rights and responsibilities hereunder and thereunder. SECTION 6. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. SECTION 7. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law) of the State of New York. Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 6 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date hereof. CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, as the Seller By: /s/ Nicholas Loiacono Name: Nicholas Loiacono Title: [COMPANY], as the Servicer By: /s/ Willie C. Bogan Name: Willie C. Bogan Title: Secretary Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement GOTHAM FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ David V. DeAngelis Name: David V. DeAngelis Title: Vice President THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH, as the Collateral Agent and as a Managing Agent By: /s/ Luna Mills Name: Luna Mills Title: Director THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Committed Purchaser By: /s/ Jaime Sussman Name: Jaime Sussman Title: Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated [COMPANY], as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Jill A. Russo Name: Jill A. Russo Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ Christopher Usas Name: Christopher Usas Title: Director Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ Jason Rising Name: Jason Rising Title: Senior Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Committed Purchaser and a Managing Agent By: /s/ Nina Austin Name: Nina Austin Title: Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement FIFTH THIRD BANK, as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ Andrew D. Jones Name: Andrew D. Jones Title: Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement NIEUW AMSTERDAM RECEIVABLES CORPORATION, as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Damian Perez Name: Damian Perez Title: Vice President COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A., “RABOBANK INTERNATIONAL”, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Committed Purchaser and a Managing Agent By: /s/ Christopher Lew Name: Christopher Lew Title: Vice President By: /s/ Dana Hartman Name: Dana Hartman Title: Executive Director Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as a Committed Purchaser and as a Managing Agent By: /s/ Elizabeth R. Wagner Name: Elizabeth R. Wagner Title: Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement Annex I to Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and [COMPANY] November 15, 2013 Closing Checklist 1 Servicer: Apex Health Distribution (“Apex Health Distribution”) Seller: [COMPANY] (“CGSF”) Collateral Agent: The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch (“BTMU”) Resigning Collateral Agent JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (“JPMorgan”) Departing Managing Agent/Committed Purchaser: JPMorgan Departing Conduit Purchaser: [COMPANY] Counsel to Apex Health Distribution: Morrison & [COMPANY] (“Morrison”) Counsel to JPMorgan: [COMPANY] (“Sidley”) PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS 1 Instrument of Resignation and Appointment of Collateral Agent and Termination and Joinder Agreement among Seller, Servicer, the Departing Managing Agent/Committed Purchaser, the Departing Conduit Purchaser, the Resigning Collateral Agent, the Conduit Purchasers, the Committed Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent 2 Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement among the Seller, the Servicer, the Conduit Purchasers, the Committed Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent 3 Twelfth Amended and Restated Fee Letter among the Seller, the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents 1 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement. 4 DACA Notice Letters regarding Collateral Agent assignment for the following account banks: (a) Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (b) U.S. Bank National Association (c) Bank of America, N.A. UCC MATTERS 5 UCC Amendments reflecting BTMU as secured party in respect of financing statements filed against Seller 6 UCC Amendments reflecting BTMU as secured party in respect of financing statements filed against Originator 7 UCC Search Report of UCC Financing Statements filed against Seller 8 UCC Search Report of UCC Financing Statements filed against Originator 9 Tax Lien and Judgment Search Report against Seller 10 Tax Lien and Judgment Search Report against Originator LEGAL OPINIONS 11 Reliance Letter of Morrison in connection with May 18, 2011 Legal Opinions with respect to (i) Enforceability and Perfection Issues, (ii) True Sale Issues and (iii) Nonconsolidation Issues 12 Reliance Letter of Apex Health Distribution in connection with May 18, 2011 Legal Opinion MISCELLANEOUS 13 Good standing certificates and certified charters for Seller and Apex Health Distribution POST-CLOSING MATTERS 14 Post-filing UCC lien search reports evidencing the recording of the above UCC amendments Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement Annex II to Amendment No. 3 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement SCHEDULE B [COMPANY] [COMPANY] The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch 1251 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10020 Attn: Luna K. Mills Fax: (212) 782-6448 Tel: (212) 782-6959 Email: securitization_reporting@us.mufg.jp [COMPANY] The Bank of Nova Scotia One Liberty Plaza New York, New York 10006 Attn: Peter Gartland Fax: (212) 225-5274 Tel: (212) 225-5115 [COMPANY] Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen- Boerenleenbank B.A., “Rabobank International”, New York Branch 245 Park Avenue, 37 th Floor New York, New York 10167 Attn: [COMPANY] Fax: (914) 304-9324 Tel: (212) 808-6818 Bank of [COMPANY] Bank of America, N.A. 214 North Tryon Street NC1-027-21-04 Charlotte, NC 28202 Attn: [COMPANY] Fax: (980) 387-2828 Tel: (980) 388-9464 [COMPANY] PNC Bank, National Association Three PNC Plaza, 4 th Floor 255 Fifth Avenue Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222-2707 Attn: Robyn Reeher Fax: (412) 762-9184 Tel: (412) 768-3090 E-mail: Robyn.Reeher@pnc.com [COMPANY] Fifth Third Bank 38 Fountain Square Plaza MD 109046 Cincinnati, OH 45202 Attn: [COMPANY] Fax: (513) 534-0319 Tel: (513) 534-0836 [COMPANY] Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 1100 Abernathy Road Suite 1600 Atlanta, GA 30328 Attn: Elizabeth Wagner / Tim Brazeau Fax: (855) 818-1937/ (866) 972-3558 Tel: (770) 508-2169/ (770) 508-2165 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This AMENDMENT NO. 2 to FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “ Amendment ”) dated as of May 15, 2013, to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2011 (as amended supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the “ Agreement ”), is made by and among [COMPANY] (the “ Seller ”), Apex Health Distribution, as initial Servicer (the “ Servicer ”), the Conduit Purchasers hereto, the Committed Purchasers party hereto, the Managing Agents party hereto, Bank of America, N.A., as departing Committed Purchaser (the “ Departing Committed Purchaser ”) and as departing Managing Agent (the “ Departing Managing Agent ”), Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as new Committed Purchaser (the “ New Committed Purchaser ”) and as new Managing Agent (the “ New Managing Agent ”), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (“ JPMorgan ”) (successor by merger to Bank One, NA (Main Office Chicago)), as Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement. PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS: (1) The parties hereto are parties to the Agreement. (2) Each of the Departing Managing Agent and the Departing Committed Purchaser desires to cease being a party to the Agreement. (3) Each of the New Managing Agent and the New Committed Purchaser desires to join and become party to the Agreement. (4) Subject to the terms set forth herein, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the Agreement as set forth herein. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: SECTION 1. Termination of Departing Committed Purchaser and Departing Managing Agent . 1.1. On the date hereof, the Seller shall remit to the Departing Managing Agent, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as may be specified by the Departing Managing Agent, in the amount set forth in the final invoice dated as of May 15, 2013 and delivered by the Departing Managing Agent to the Seller on May 14, 2013 (such amount, the “ Termination Amount ”) in payment of all accrued and unpaid Obligations owing to the Departing Committed Purchaser and the Departing Managing Agent as of the date hereof. 1.2. Upon receipt of the Termination Amount, each of the Departing Committed Purchaser and the Departing Managing Agent shall relinquish its respective rights and be released from its obligations under the Agreement and cease to be a party thereto (except for those rights and obligations which by the express terms of the Agreement or the other Transaction Documents would survive the termination thereof). 1— 1.3. Each of the Departing Committed Purchaser and the Departing Managing Agent acknowledges and agrees that notwithstanding the terms of that certain Tenth Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of May 18, 2011 (the “ Existing Fee Letter ”), by and among the Borrower, the Departing Managing Agent and the other Managing Agents party thereto, the consent of the Departing Managing Agent shall not be required in order to amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify, or waive any provision of or provide any consent under, the Existing Fee Letter. SECTION 2. Joinder of [COMPANY] . 2.1. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, effective as of the date hereof and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 below, there shall be created a new [COMPANY] under the Agreement (the “ [COMPANY] ”) consisting of the New Managing Agent and the New Committed Purchaser. Each of the New Managing Agent and the New Committed Purchaser shall be referred to in this Section 2 as a “New Party” and all of the foregoing shall be referred to collectively as the “New Parties.” 2.2. By executing and delivering this Amendment, each New Party confirms to and agrees with the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers as follows: (i) none of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or the Purchasers makes any representation or warranty or assumes any responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto, or the financial condition of the Seller or the Servicer, or the performance or observance by the Seller or the Servicer of any of their respective obligations under the Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (ii) each New Party confirms that it has received a copy of such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment and become party to the Agreement; (iii) each New Party will, independently and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any other Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Agreement; (iv) the New Committed Purchaser appoints and authorizes the New Managing Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Agreement as are delegated to a Managing Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, all in accordance with Article X of the Agreement; (v) each New Party appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Agreement as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, all in accordance with Article X of the Agreement; and (vi) the New Committed Purchaser agrees (for the benefit of the parties hereto and the other Purchasers) that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Purchaser designated as a Committed Purchaser. 2.3. The signature page to this Amendment for the [COMPANY] sets forth administrative information with respect to the [COMPANY]. 2— SECTION 3. Amendments . Effective as of the date hereof and subject to the payment of the Termination Amount and the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 hereof, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 3.1. Section 1.2(a) shall be amended by deleting the phrase “two (2)” in the proviso at the end thereof, and replacing it with the phrase “three (3)”. 3.2. Section 6.2(d) of the Agreement is amended by inserting the following at the beginning thereof: “Except as permitted under Section 7.2(d) ,”. 3.3. Section 7.2(d) is amended by amending and restating the first sentence thereof to read in its entirety as follows: “The Servicer may, in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy, extend the maturity of any Receivable or adjust the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable or amend or otherwise modify the security agreement (or the provisions of any other agreement providing for a security interest in collateral), if any, securing any Receivable, as the Servicer determines to be appropriate to maximize Collections thereof; provided , however , that such extension or adjustment or amendment or modification shall not alter the status of such Receivable as a Delinquent Receivable or Defaulted Receivable or limit the rights of the Collateral Agent or the Purchasers under this Agreement.”. 3.4. The definition of “Facility Termination Date” appearing in Exhibit I to the Agreement is amended by deleting the reference to “May 15, 2013” therein and substituting the date “November 15, 2013” therefor. 3.5. Schedule A to the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Annex I to this Amendment. SECTION 4. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof when, and only when, (a) the Collateral Agent shall have received executed counterparts of this Amendment from the parties hereto, and (b) each Managing Agent (or, with respect to PNC Bank, National Association, to [COMPANY]), shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified on Schedule A to the Fee Letter, a one-time, nonrefundable fully earned upfront fee in an amount equal to the product of (i) 0.025% and (ii) the [COMPANY] Limit of its related [COMPANY] on the date hereof for the account of the Purchasers in its related [COMPANY]. SECTION 5. Representations and Warranties of the Seller and the Servicer . Each of the Seller and the Servicer represents and warrants as to itself as follows: 5.1. The execution and delivery by such Person of this Amendment are within its corporate or limited liability company powers, as applicable, and authority and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited liability company action, as applicable, on its part. 5.2. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Person. 5.3. No authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by such Person of this Amendment. 5.4. This Amendment and the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with 3— their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally. 5.5. Both before and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, the covenants, representations and warranties of such Person set forth in the Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof. 5.6. Both before and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, no event or circumstance has occurred and is continuing which constitutes an Amortization Event or a Potential Amortization Event. SECTION 6. Reference to and the Effect on the Agreement . 6.1. On and after the effective date of this Amendment, each reference in the Agreement to “this Agreement”, “hereunder”, “hereof”, “herein” or words of like import referring to the Agreement and each reference to the Agreement in any certificate delivered in connection therewith, shall mean and be a reference to the Agreement as amended hereby. 6.2. Each of the Seller and the Servicer hereby agrees that, except as expressly amended above, the Agreement is hereby ratified and confirmed and shall continue to be in full force and effect and enforceable, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally. SECTION 7. Costs and Expenses . The Seller agrees to pay on demand all reasonable costs and expenses of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other instruments and documents to be delivered in connection herewith, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of [COMPANY], counsel for the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers as to their respective rights and responsibilities hereunder and thereunder. SECTION 8. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. SECTION 9. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law) of the State of New York. Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 4— IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date hereof. CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, as the Seller By: /s/ Nicholas Loiacono Name: Nicholas Loiacono Title: [COMPANY], as the Servicer By: /s/ Willie C. Bogan Name: Willie C. Bogan Title: Secretary Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated [COMPANY] (as successor in interest to JS SILOED TRUST), as a Conduit Purchaser By: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., its attorney-in-fact By: /s/ Corina Mills Name: Corina Mills Title: Executive Director JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Committed Purchaser, a Managing Agent and as Collateral Agent By: /s/ Corina Mills Name: Corina Mills Title: Executive Director Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated [COMPANY], as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Jill A. Russo Name: Jill A. Russo Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ Norman Last Name: Norman Last Title: Managing Director Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement GOTHAM FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ David V. DeAngelis Name: David V. DeAngelis Title: Vice President THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Managing Agent By: Luna Mills Name: Luna Mills Title: Director THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Committed Purchaser By: /s/ Jaime Sussman Name: Jaime Sussman Title: Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement NIEUW AMSTERDAM RECEIVABLES CORPORATION, as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Kevin Burns Name: Kevin Burns Title: President COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN- BOERENLEENBANK B.A., “RABOBANK INTERNATIONAL”, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Committed Purchaser and a Managing Agent By: /s/ Christopher Lew Name: Christopher Lew Title: Vice President By: /s/ Dana Hartman Name: Dana Hartman Title: Executive Director Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated [COMPANY], as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Doris J. Hearn Name: Doris J. Hearn Title: Vice President PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ William P. Falcon Name: William P. Falcon Title: Senior Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement FIFTH THIRD BANK, as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ Andrew D. Jones Name: Andrew D. Jones Title: Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as a New Committed Purchaser and as New Managing Agent By: /s/ Elizabeth R. Wagner Name: Elizabeth R. Wagner Title: Vice President Address for notices: 6 Concourse Parkway, NE Suite 1450 Atlanta, GA 30328 Attn: Elizabeth Wagner Tim Brazeau Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Departing Committed Purchaser and a Departing Managing Agent By: /s/ Nina Austin Name: Nina Austin Title: Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement SCHEDULE A [COMPANY] Conduit Purchaser(s) [COMPANY] Type Committed Purchaser(s) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 275,000,000 $ 275,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] The Bank of [COMPANY]., New York Branch $ 250,000,000 $ 250,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] The Bank of Nova Scotia $ 200,000,000 $ 200,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] PNC Bank, National Association $ 175,000,000 $ 175,000,000 [COMPANY] N/A [COMPANY] Fifth Third Bank $ 150,000,000 $ 150,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen- Boerenleenbank B.A., “Rabobank International”, New York Branch $ 150,000,000 $ 150,000,000 [COMPANY] N/A [COMPANY] Wells Fargo Bank, National Association $ 150,000,000 $ 150,000,000 TOTAL $ 1,350,000,000 $ 1,350,000,000 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement Execution Version AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This AMENDMENT NO. 1 to FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “ Amendment ”) dated as of May 16, 2012, to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2011 (as amended supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the “ Agreement ”), is made by and among [COMPANY] (the “ Seller ”), Apex Health Distribution, as initial Servicer (the “ Servicer ”), the Conduit Purchasers hereto, the Committed Purchasers party hereto, the Managing Agents party hereto, [COMPANY] (the “ Departing Conduit Purchaser ”), [COMPANY] (the “ Departing Committed Purchaser ” and, together with the Departing Conduit Purchaser, the “ Departing Purchasers ”), HSBC Securities (USA), Inc. (the “ Departing Managing Agent ”), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (“ JPMorgan ”) (successor by merger to Bank One, NA (Main Office Chicago)), as Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement. PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS: (1) The parties hereto are parties to the Agreement. (2) Each of the Departing Purchasers and the Departing Managing Agent desires to cease being a party to the Agreement. (3) Subject to the terms set forth herein, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the Agreement as set forth herein. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: SECTION 1. Termination of Departing Purchasers and Departing Agent . 1.1 On the date hereof, the Seller shall remit to the Departing Managing Agent, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as may be specified by the Departing Managing Agent, in the amount set forth in the final invoice dated as of May 16, 2012 and delivered by the Departing Managing Agent to the Seller on May 14, 2012 (such amount, the “ Termination Amount ”) in payment of all accrued and unpaid Obligations owing to the Departing Conduit Purchaser, the Departing Committed Purchaser and the Departing Managing Agent as of the date hereof. 1.2 Upon receipt of the Termination Amount, each of the Departing Conduit Purchaser, the Departing Committed Purchaser and the Departing Managing Agent shall relinquish its respective rights and be released from its obligations under the Agreement and cease to be a party thereto (except for those rights and obligations which by the express terms of the Agreement or the other Transaction Documents would survive the termination thereof). 1.3 Each of the Departing Conduit Purchaser, the Departing Committed Purchaser and the Departing Managing Agent acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding the terms of that certain Tenth Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of May 18, 2011 (the “ Existing Fee Letter ”), by and among the Borrower, the Departing Managing Agent and the other Managing Agents party thereto, the consent of the Departing Managing Agent shall not be required in order to amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify, or waive any provision of or provide any consent under, the Existing Fee Letter. 1 SECTION 2. Amendments . Effective as of the date hereof and subject to the payment of the Termination Amount and the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 hereof, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 2.1 Section 1.2(a) is hereby amended by replacing the phrase “each Managing Agent”, where it appears in the first line thereof, with the phrase “the Collateral Agent (which shall provide a copy to each Managing Agent)”. 2.2 Section 1.3 is hereby amended by replacing the phrase “each Managing Agent”, where it appears in the first line thereof, with the phrase “the Collateral Agent (which shall provide a copy to each Managing Agent)”. 2.3 Section 1.4 is hereby amended by replacing the phrase “to the related Managing Agent, for the account of such Purchaser, at its account and in accordance with its payment instructions set forth on Schedule A to the Fee Letter (as such account and instructions may be amended from time to time by written notice from such Managing Agent to each Seller Party)”, where it appears beginning in the fifth line thereof, with the phrase “to the Collateral Agent who shall promptly forward such amount to the related Managing Agent, for the account of such Purchaser, at its account and in accordance with its payment instructions set forth on Schedule A to the Fee Letter (as such account and instructions may be amended from time to time by written notice from such Managing Agent to each Seller Party and the Collateral Agent)”. 2.4 Section 2.1 is hereby amended by replacing the phrase “each Managing Agent”, where it appears in the second line thereof, with the phrase “the Collateral Agent (which shall promptly forward such amount to the applicable Managing Agent)”. 2.5 Section 2.2(b) is hereby amended as follows: (i) by replacing the phrase “Managing Agents’ respective accounts”, where it appears in the second line thereof, with the phrase “Collateral Agent (which shall promptly forward to the Managing Agents)”; (ii) by replacing the phrase “Managing Agents’ respective accounts”, where it appears in the ninth line thereof, with the phrase “Collateral Agent (which shall promptly forward to the Managing Agents)”; and (iii) by replacing the phrase “Managing Agents’ respective accounts”, where it appears beginning in the fourteenth line thereof, with the phrase “Collateral Agent, which shall promptly forward to the Managing Agents,”. 2.6 Section 2.3 is hereby amended by replacing the phrase “Managing Agents’ respective accounts”, where it appears in the fourth line thereof, with the phrase “Collateral Agent (which shall promptly forward to the Managing Agents)”. 2.7 Section 2.6 is hereby amended by replacing the phrase “Managing Agents”, where it appears in the fourth line thereof, with the phrase “Collateral Agent (which shall promptly forward to the Managing Agents)”. 2.8 Section 3.2 is hereby amended by replacing the phrase “each Managing Agent (for the benefit of the applicable Purchasers)”, where it appears beginning in the first line thereof, with the phrase “Collateral Agent (which shall promptly forward to each Managing Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Purchasers)”. 2.9 The definition of “CP Rate” appearing in Exhibit I to the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as follows: “ CP Rate ” means, (x) with respect to any Conduit Purchaser administered or managed by JPMorgan Chase for any Tranche Period, the Daily/30 Day LIBOR Rate in respect of each day during such Tranche Period; and (y) with respect to any other Conduit Purchaser for any Tranche Period, the 2 per annum rate equivalent to the weighted average cost (as determined by the related Managing Agent and which shall include commissions of placement agents and dealers, incremental carrying costs incurred with respect to Pooled Commercial Paper maturing on dates other than those on which corresponding funds are received by such Conduit Purchaser, other borrowings by such Conduit Purchaser (other than under any commercial paper program support agreement) and any other costs associated with the issuance of Pooled Commercial Paper) of or related to the issuance of Pooled Commercial Paper that are allocated, in whole or in part, by such Conduit Purchaser or its Managing Agent to fund or maintain its Purchaser Interests during such Tranche Period; provided, however, that if any component of such rate is a discount rate, in calculating the “CP Rate” for such Conduit Purchaser for such Purchaser Interest for such Tranche Period, such Conduit Purchaser shall for such component use the rate resulting from converting such discount rate to an interest-bearing equivalent rate per annum. 2.10 The definition of “Facility Termination Date” appearing in Exhibit I to the Agreement is amended by deleting the reference to “May 16, 2012” therein and substituting the date “May 15, 2013” therefor. 2.11 The definition of “Net Worth” appearing in Exhibit I to the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as follows: “ Net Worth ” means (a) the sum of (i) capital stock, (ii) additional paid in capital, (iii) retained earnings (or minus accumulated deficits) and (iv) accumulated other comprehensive income, minus (b) treasury stock, in each case, of the Originator and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles on such date. 2.12 Exhibit I to the Agreement is amended by adding the following new defined term in the appropriate alphabetical order therein: “ Daily/30 Day LIBOR Rate ” shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the thirty (30) day London-Interbank Offered Rate appearing on the Bloomberg BBAM (British Bankers Association) Page (or on any successor or substitute page of such service, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page of such service, as determined by JPMorgan Chase, as Managing Agent, from time to time in accordance with its customary practices for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates applicable to U.S. Dollar deposits in the London interbank market) at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such day or, if such day is not a LIBO Business Day, the immediately preceding LIBO Business Day. In the event that such rate is not available on any day at such time for any reason, then the “Daily/30 Day LIBOR Rate” for such day shall be the rate at which thirty (30) day U.S. Dollar deposits of $5,000,000 are offered by the principal London office of JPMorgan Chase in immediately available funds in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such day; and if JPMorgan Chase, as Managing Agent, is for any reason unable to determine the Daily/30 Day LIBOR Rate in the foregoing manner or has determined in good faith that the Daily/ 30 Day LIBOR Rate determined in such manner does not accurately reflect the cost of acquiring, funding or maintaining a Purchaser Interest, the Daily/30 Day LIBOR Rate for such day shall be the Base Rate. 2.13 Schedule A to the Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Annex I to this Amendment. SECTION 3. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof when, and only when, (a) the Collateral Agent shall have received executed counterparts of this Amendment from the parties hereto, and (b) each Managing Agent (or, with respect to PNC Bank, National Association, to [COMPANY]), shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified on Schedule A to the Fee Letter, a one-time, nonrefundable fully earned upfront fee in an amount equal to the product of (i) 0.05% and (ii) the [COMPANY] Limit of its related [COMPANY] on the date hereof for the account of the Purchasers in its related [COMPANY]. 3 SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties of the Seller and the Servicer . Each of the Seller and the Servicer represents and warrants as to itself as follows: 4.1 The execution and delivery by such Person of this Amendment are within its corporate or limited liability company powers, as applicable, and authority and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited liability company action, as applicable, on its part. 4.2 This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Person. 4.3 No authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by such Person of this Amendment. 4.4 This Amendment and the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally. 4.5 Both before and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, the covenants, representations and warranties of such Person set forth in the Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof. 4.6 Both before and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, no event or circumstance has occurred and is continuing which constitutes an Amortization Event or a Potential Amortization Event. SECTION 5. Reference to and the Effect on the Agreement . 5.1 On and after the effective date of this Amendment, each reference in the Agreement to “this Agreement”, “hereunder”, “hereof”, “herein” or words of like import referring to the Agreement and each reference to the Agreement in any certificate delivered in connection therewith, shall mean and be a reference to the Agreement as amended hereby. 5.2 Each of the Seller and the Servicer hereby agrees that, except as expressly amended above, the Agreement is hereby ratified and confirmed and shall continue to be in full force and effect and enforceable, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally. SECTION 6. Costs and Expenses . The Seller agrees to pay on demand all reasonable costs and expenses of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other instruments and documents to be delivered in connection herewith, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of [COMPANY], counsel for the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers as to their respective rights and responsibilities hereunder and thereunder. SECTION 7. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. SECTION 8. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law) of the State of New York. 4 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 5 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date hereof. CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, as the Seller By: /s/ Nicholas Loiacono Name: Nicholas Loiacono Title: [COMPANY], as the Servicer By: /s/ Willie C. Bogan Name: Willie C. Bogan Title: Secretary Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated [COMPANY] (as successor in interest to JS SILOED TRUST), as a Conduit Purchaser By: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as administrative trustee By: /s/ Corina Mills Name: Corina Mills Title: Executive Director JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Committed Purchaser, a Managing Agent and as Collateral Agent By: /s/ Corina Mills Name: Corina Mills Title: Executive Director Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Committed Purchaser and a Managing Agent By: /s/ Nina Austin Name: Nina Austin Title: Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated [COMPANY], as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Jill A. Russo Name: Jill A. Russo Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ Norman Last Name: Norman Last Title: Managing Director Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement GOTHAM FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ David V. DeAngelis Name: David V. DeAngelis Title: Vice President THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Managing Agent By: Aditya Reddy Name: Aditya Reddy Title: Managing Director THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Committed Purchaser By: /s/ M. Antioco Name: M. Antioco Title: Associate Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement NIEUW AMSTERDAM RECEIVABLES CORPORATION, as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Kevin Burns Name: Kevin Burns Title: President COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN- BOERENLEENBANK B.A., “RABOBANK INTERNATIONAL”, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Committed Purchaser and a Managing Agent By: /s/ Christopher Lew Name: Christopher Lew Title: Vice President By: /s/ Izumi Fukushima Name: Izumi Fukushima Title: Executive Director Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated [COMPANY], as a Conduit Purchaser /s/ Karla L. Boyd Name: Karla L. Boyd Title: Vice President PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ William P. Falcon Name: William P. Falcon Title: Senior Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement FIFTH THIRD BANK, as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ Andrew D. Jones Name: Andrew D. Jones Title: Vice President Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated [COMPANY], as Departing Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Damian Perez Name: Damian Perez Title: Vice President HSBC SECURITIES (USA), INC., as a Departing Managing Agent By: /s/ Laurie Lawler Name: Laurie Lawler Title: [COMPANY], as Departing Committed Purchaser By: /s/ Victoria Lindsell Name: Victoria Lindsell Title: Managing Director Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement SCHEDULE A [COMPANY] Conduit Purchaser(s) [COMPANY] Type Committed Purchaser(s) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 275,000,000 $ 275,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] The Bank of [COMPANY]., New York Branch $ 250,000,000 $ 250,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] The Bank of Nova Scotia $ 200,000,000 $ 200,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] PNC Bank, National Association $ 175,000,000 $ 175,000,000 Bank of [COMPANY] N/A [COMPANY] Bank of America, N.A. $ 150,000,000 $ 150,000,000 [COMPANY] N/A [COMPANY] Fifth Third Bank $ 150,000,000 $ 150,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen- Boerenleenbank B.A., “Rabobank International”, New York Branch $ 150,000,000 $ 150,000,000 TOTAL $ 1,350,000,000 $ 1,350,000,000 Execution Version FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of May 18, 2011 among CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION , as Seller, Apex Health Distribution , as Servicer, THE CONDUIT PURCHASERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, THE COMMITTED PURCHASERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, THE MANAGING AGENTS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as Collateral Agent TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I PURCHASE ARRANGEMENTS 2 Section 1.1 Purchase Facility 21 Section 1.2 Increases 21 Section 1.3 Decreases 22 Section 1.4 Payment Requirements 22 ARTICLE II PAYMENTS AND COLLECTIONS 22 Section 2.1 Payments 22 Section 2.2 Collections Prior to Amortization 22 Section 2.3 Collections Following Amortization 23 Section 2.4 Application of Collections 23 Section 2.5 Payment Rescission 24 Section 2.6 Seller Interest 24 Section 2.7 Clean Up Call 24 ARTICLE III FUNDING 24 Section 3.1 General Funding Provisions 24 Section 3.2 Yield Payments 25 Section 3.3 Selection and Continuation of Tranche Periods for Committed Purchasers in CP Funding Purchaser Groups 25 Section 3.4 Discount Rates of Committed Purchasers in CP Funding Purchaser Groups 25 Section 3.5 Suspension of the LIBO Rate 25 ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 26 Section 4.1 Representations and Warranties of Seller Parties 26 Section 4.2 Committed Purchaser Representations and Warranties 30 ARTICLE V CONDITIONS OF PURCHASES 32 Section 5.1 Conditions Precedent to the Effectiveness of this Agreement 32 Section 5.2 Conditions Precedent to All Purchases and Reinvestment 32 ARTICLE VI COVENANTS 33 Section 6.1 Affirmative Covenants of the Seller Parties 33 Section 6.2 Negative Covenants of the Seller Parties 39 ARTICLE VII ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION 40 Section 7.1 Designation of Servicer 40 Section 7.2 Duties of Servicer 41 Section 7.3 Collection Notices 42 Section 7.4 Responsibilities of Seller 42 Section 7.5 Reports 42 Section 7.6 Servicing Fees 42 Section 7.7 Financial Covenant 43 ARTICLE VIII AMORTIZATION EVENTS 43 Section 8.1 Amortization Events 43 Section 8.2 Remedies 44 ARTICLE IX INDEMNIFICATION 45 Section 9.1 Indemnities by the Seller Parties 45 Section 9.2 Increased Cost and Reduced Return 47 Section 9.3 Other Costs and Expenses 49 Section 9.4 Withholding Tax Exemption 49 ARTICLE X THE AGENTS 50 xvii— TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page Section 10.1 Authorization and Action 50 Section 10.2 Delegation of Duties 50 Section 10.3 Exculpatory Provisions 50 Section 10.4 Reliance by Agents 51 Section 10.5 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Purchasers 51 Section 10.6 Reimbursement and Indemnification 51 Section 10.7 Agents in their Individual Capacities 52 Section 10.8 Successor Agent 52 ARTICLE XI ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS 53 Section 11.1 Assignments 53 Section 11.2 Participations 54 Section 11.3 Additional Purchaser Groups; Joinder by Conduit Purchaser 54 Section 11.4 Extension of Facility Termination Date 55 Section 11.5 Terminating Committed Purchasers 55 ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS 56 Section 12.1 Waivers and Amendments 56 Section 12.2 Notices 57 Section 12.3 Ratable Payments 58 Section 12.4 Protection of Ownership Interests of the Purchasers 58 Section 12.5 Confidentiality 59 Section 12.6 Bankruptcy Petition 59 Section 12.7 Limitation of Liability; Limitation of Payment; No Recourse 60 Section 12.8 CHOICE OF LAW 60 Section 12.9 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 60 Section 12.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 61 Section 12.11 Integration; Binding Effect; Survival of Terms 61 Section 12.12 Counterparts; Severability; Section References 61 Section 12.13 Agent Roles 61 Section 12.14 Characterization 62 Section 12.15 Amendment and Restatement; Consent to Amendment of Receivables Sale Agreement 62 Section 12.16 Federal Reserve 63 Section 12.17 USA PATRIOT Act 63 xviii— TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) EXHIBITS Exhibit I — Definitions Exhibit II — Form of Purchase Notice Exhibit II-A — Form of Reduction Notice Exhibit III — Places of Business of the Seller Parties; Locations of Records; Federal Employer Identification Number(s) Exhibit IV — [Reserved.] Exhibit V — Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit VI — Form of Assignment Agreement Exhibit VII — Form of Joinder Agreement SCHEDULES Schedule A — Purchaser Groups and Commitments Schedule B — [COMPANY] Notice xix— FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of May 18, 2011 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, this “ Agreement ”) is among [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation (“ Seller ”), Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation, as initial Servicer (“ Apex Health Distribution ”; Apex Health Distribution, together with the Seller, the “ Seller Parties ” and each a “ Seller Party ”), the entities from time to time party hereto as Conduit Purchasers (together with their respective successors and assigns hereunder, the “ Conduit Purchasers ”), the entities from time to time party hereto as Committed Purchasers (together with their respective successors and assigns hereunder, the “ Committed Purchasers ”), the entities from time to time party hereto as Managing Agents (together with their respective successors and assigns hereunder, the “ Managing Agents ”), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (successor by merger to Bank One, NA (Main Office Chicago)) (“ JPMorgan Chase ”), as collateral agent for the Purchasers hereunder or any successor collateral agent hereunder (together with its successors and assigns hereunder, the “ Collateral Agent ”). Unless defined elsewhere herein, capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in Exhibit I . PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS WHEREAS , Seller, Apex Health Distribution, the Conduit Purchasers, the Committed Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent are parties to that certain Third Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of May 19, 2010 (as heretofore amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Original RPA ”); WHEREAS , subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto have agreed to amend and restate the Original RPA in its entirety; WHEREAS , Seller desires to transfer and assign Purchaser Interests to the Purchasers from time to time; WHEREAS , the Conduit Purchasers may, in their absolute and sole discretion, purchase Purchaser Interests from Seller from time to time, and in the event that (i) a Conduit Purchaser declines to make any purchase or (ii) a [COMPANY] does not have a Conduit Purchaser member, the Committed Purchasers that are part of the applicable [COMPANY] shall purchase Purchaser Interests from time to time; WHEREAS , JPMorgan Chase has been requested and is willing to act as Collateral Agent on behalf of the Conduit Purchasers, the Committed Purchasers and the Managing Agents in accordance with the terms hereof; NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE I PURCHASE ARRANGEMENTS Section 1.1 Purchase Facility . (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, Seller may, at its option, sell and assign Purchaser Interests to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers. In accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Conduit Purchaser may, at its option, instruct the related Managing Agent (which will instruct the Collateral Agent) to purchase on its behalf through the Collateral Agent, or if (i) such Conduit Purchaser shall decline to purchase or (ii) a [COMPANY] does not have a Conduit Purchaser member, the Collateral Agent shall purchase, on behalf of the applicable Committed Purchasers, Purchaser Interests from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Purchase Limit, and for each [COMPANY] in an aggregate amount not to exceed the [COMPANY] Limit for such [COMPANY], during the period from the date hereof to but not including the Amortization Date. (b) Seller may, upon at least ten (10) Business Days’ prior written notice to the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent, terminate in whole or reduce in part, ratably among the Purchaser Groups, the unused portion of the Purchase Limit and the [COMPANY] Limits; provided , that each partial reduction of the Purchase Limit shall be in an amount equal to $5,000,000 or an integral multiple thereof. Section 1.2 Increases . (a) Seller shall provide each Managing Agent with prior notice in a form set forth as Exhibit II hereto (a “ Purchase Notice ”) of each Incremental Purchase in conformity with the Required Notice Period. Each Purchase Notice shall be subject to Section 5.2 hereof and, except as set forth below, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested Purchase Price (which shall not be less than $15,000,000 in the aggregate for all Purchasers), date of purchase (which date shall give effect to the applicable Required Notice Period), the type of Discount Rate (determined in accordance with, and subject to the limitations set forth in, Article III hereof) and Tranche Period; provided , that the Seller may not send more than two (2) Purchase Notices in any one-week period. (b) Following receipt of a Purchase Notice, (i) for each [COMPANY] which has a Conduit Purchaser member, the related Managing Agent shall notify such Conduit Purchaser of its receipt of same and determine whether such Conduit Purchaser agrees to make the purchase, and if the applicable Conduit Purchaser declines to make such purchase, the Managing Agent shall notify the Committed Purchasers in such [COMPANY] of its receipt of such Purchase Notice and of the Conduit Purchaser declining to make such purchase and the Incremental Purchase of the Purchaser Interest will be made by such Committed Purchasers and (ii) for each [COMPANY] which does not have a Conduit Purchaser member, the related Managing Agent shall notify the Committed Purchasers in such [COMPANY] of its receipt of such Purchase Notice and the Incremental Purchase of the Purchaser Interest will be made by such Committed Purchasers. (c) Each Incremental Purchase to be made hereunder shall be made ratably among the Purchaser Groups in accordance with their respective [COMPANY] Limits. (d) On the date of each Incremental Purchase, upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Article V , each applicable Purchaser shall make available to its related Managing Agent at its address listed beneath its signature on its signature page to this Agreement, for deposit to such account as the Seller designates from time to time, in immediately available funds, no later than 12:00 noon (Chicago time), an amount equal to such Purchaser’s Pro Rata Share of the Purchaser Interests then being purchased. 21 Section 1.3 Decreases . Seller shall provide each Managing Agent with prior written notice in the form set forth as Exhibit II-A hereto (a “ Reduction Notice ”) of any reduction of [COMPANY] from Collections in conformity with the Required Notice Period. Such Reduction Notice shall designate (i) the date (the “ Proposed Reduction Date ”) upon which any such reduction of [COMPANY] shall occur (which date shall give effect to the applicable Required Notice Period), and (ii) the amount of [COMPANY] to be reduced (the “ Aggregate Reduction ”) which shall be applied ratably to reduce the Capital of each [COMPANY] and further applied by each Managing Agent to the Purchaser Interests of the Conduit Purchasers and the Committed Purchasers in the related [COMPANY] in such proportions as may be agreed by such Managing Agent and such Purchasers. Only one (1) Reduction Notice shall be outstanding at any time. Section 1.4 Payment Requirements . All amounts to be paid or deposited by any Seller Party pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be paid or deposited in accordance with the terms hereof no later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the day when due in immediately available funds, and if not received before 12:00 noon (New York City time) shall be deemed to be received on the next succeeding Business Day. If such amounts are payable to a Purchaser they shall be paid to the related Managing Agent, for the account of such Purchaser, at its account and in accordance with its payment instructions set forth on Schedule A to the Fee Letter (as such account and instructions may be amended from time to time by written notice from such Managing Agent to each Seller Party). All computations of Yield (other than Yield calculated using the Base Rate) and per annum fees hereunder and under the Fee Letter shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days elapsed. All computations of Yield calculated using the Base Rate shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, for the actual number of days elapsed. If any amount hereunder shall be payable on a day which is not a Business Day, such amount shall be payable on the next succeeding Business Day. ARTICLE II PAYMENTS AND COLLECTIONS Section 2.1 Payments . Notwithstanding any limitation on recourse contained in this Agreement, Seller shall immediately pay to each Managing Agent when due, for the account of the related Purchaser or Purchasers (i) such fees as set forth in the Fee Letter, (ii) all amounts payable as Yield, (iii) all amounts payable as Deemed Collections (which, subject to the servicing procedures set forth in Article VII , shall be applied to reduce [COMPANY] hereunder in accordance with Sections 2.2 and 2.3 hereof), (iv) all amounts payable to reduce the Purchaser Interest, if required, pursuant to Section 2.6 , (v) all amounts payable pursuant to Article IX , if any, (vi) all Broken Funding Costs and (vii) all Default Fees (collectively, the “ Obligations ”). The Seller shall pay to the Servicer in accordance with Sections 2.2 and 2.4 hereof all Servicer costs and expenses in connection with servicing, administering and collecting the Receivables, including, without limitation, the Servicing Fee. If any Person fails to pay any of the Obligations when due, such Person agrees to pay, on demand, the Default Fee in respect thereof until paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no provision of this Agreement or the Fee Letter shall require the payment or permit the collection of any amounts hereunder in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law. If at any time Seller receives any Collections or is deemed to receive any Collections, Seller shall immediately pay such Collections or Deemed Collections to the Servicer and, at all times prior to such payment, such Collections shall be held in trust by Seller for the exclusive benefit of the Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent. Section 2.2 Collections Prior to Amortization . (a) Prior to the Amortization Date, any Collections and/or Deemed Collections received by the Servicer shall be held in trust by the Servicer for the payment of any accrued and unpaid Aggregate Unpaids or for a Reinvestment as provided in this Section 2.2 . If at any time any Collections are received 22 by the Servicer prior to the Amortization Date, (i) the Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust for the benefit of (x) the Purchasers: (A) the Termination Percentage of Collections and Deemed Collections evidenced by the Purchaser Interests of each Terminating Committed Purchaser, (B) an amount equal to the accrued and unpaid Obligations, (C) an amount equal to the Aggregate Reduction, if any, to be effected pursuant to Section 1.3 and (y) the Servicer, amounts owing to the Servicer under Section 2.1 and (ii) Seller hereby requests and the Purchasers (other than any Terminating Committed Purchasers) hereby agree to make, simultaneously with such receipt, a reinvestment (each a “ Reinvestment ”) with that portion of the balance of each and every Collection received by the Servicer that is part of any Purchaser Interest (other than any Purchaser Interests of Terminating Committed Purchasers), such that after giving effect to such Reinvestment, the amount of Capital of such Purchaser Interest immediately after such receipt and corresponding Reinvestment shall be equal to the amount of Capital immediately prior to such receipt. (b) On each Settlement Date prior to the occurrence of the Amortization Date, the Servicer shall remit to the Managing Agents’ respective accounts the amounts set aside since the immediately preceding Settlement Date that have not been applied to pay Yield or subject to a Reinvestment and apply such amounts (if not previously paid in accordance with Section 2.1 ) first, to reduce due but unpaid Obligations in the order specified in Section 2.4 and second, to reduce the Capital of all Purchaser Interests of Terminating Committed Purchasers, applied ratably to each Terminating Committed Purchaser according to the respective Capital of such Terminating Committed Purchasers. If such Capital and other Obligations shall be reduced to zero, any additional Collections received by the Servicer (i) if applicable, shall be remitted to the Managing Agents’ respective accounts no later than 12:00 noon (Chicago time) to the extent required to fund any Aggregate Reduction on such Settlement Date, applied ratably in accordance with the Pro Rata Share of each such Managing Agent’s [COMPANY] and (ii) any balance remaining thereafter shall be remitted from the Servicer to Seller on such Settlement Date. In the event that, pursuant to Section 1.3 , an Aggregate Reduction is to take place on a date other than a Settlement Date, on the date of such Aggregate Reduction, the Servicer shall remit to the Managing Agents’ respective accounts (ratably in accordance with the Pro Rata Share of the related [COMPANY]), out of amounts set aside pursuant to Section 2.2(a) , an amount equal to such Aggregate Reduction to be applied in accordance with Section 1.3 . Section 2.3 Collections Following Amortization . On the Amortization Date and on each day thereafter, the Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust, for the holder of each Purchaser Interest, all Collections and Deemed Collections received on such day. On the Amortization Date and each date thereafter, (i) the Servicer shall remit to the Managing Agents’ respective accounts, in accordance with the applicable Pro Rata Shares, the amounts set aside pursuant to the preceding sentence, and (ii) each Managing Agent shall apply such amounts to reduce the [COMPANY] and any other Aggregate Unpaids due and payable to the related [COMPANY]. Section 2.4 Application of Collections . If there shall be insufficient funds on deposit for the Servicer to distribute funds in payment in full of the aforementioned amounts pursuant to Section 2.2 or 2.3 (as applicable), the Servicer shall distribute funds: (i) first , to the payment of the Servicer’s reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses in connection with servicing, administering and collecting the Receivables, including the Servicing Fee, if Seller or one of its Affiliates is then acting as Servicer and no Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing, or if Seller or one of its Affiliates is not then acting as the Servicer; (ii) second, to the reimbursement of the Collateral Agent’s and each Managing Agent’s costs of collection and enforcement of this Agreement; 23 (iii) third , ratably to the payment of all accrued and unpaid fees under the Fee Letter and all accrued and unpaid Yield; (iv) fourth , (to the extent applicable) to the ratable reduction of the [COMPANY] (without regard to any Termination Percentage); (v) fifth , for the ratable payment of all other unpaid Obligations and Servicer costs and expenses, including the Servicing Fee; provided that when the Seller or one of its Affiliates is acting as the Servicer, such Servicer costs and expenses, including the Servicing Fee, will not be paid until after the payment in full of all other Obligations; and (vi) sixth , after the Aggregate Unpaids have been indefeasibly reduced to zero, to the Seller. Collections applied to the payment of Aggregate Unpaids shall be distributed in accordance with the aforementioned provisions, and, giving effect to each of the priorities set forth in Section 2.4 above, shall be shared ratably (within each priority) among the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers in accordance with the amount of such Aggregate Unpaids owing to each of them in respect of each such priority. Section 2.5 Payment Rescission . No payment of any of the Aggregate Unpaids shall be considered paid or applied hereunder to the extent that, at any time, all or any portion of such payment or application is rescinded by application of law or judicial authority, or must otherwise be returned or refunded for any reason. Seller shall remain obligated for the amount of any payment or application so rescinded, returned or refunded, and shall promptly pay to the Collateral Agent (for application to the Person or Persons who suffered such rescission, return or refund) the full amount thereof, plus the Default Fee from the date of any such rescission, return or refunding. Section 2.6 Seller Interest . Seller shall ensure that the Purchaser Interests of the Purchasers shall at no time exceed in the aggregate 100%. If the aggregate of the Purchaser Interests of the Purchasers exceeds 100%, Seller shall pay to the Managing Agents, within one Business Day, an amount to be applied to reduce the [COMPANY], such that after giving effect to such payment the aggregate of the Purchaser Interests equals or is less than 100%. Section 2.7 Clean Up Call . In addition to Seller’s rights pursuant to Section 1.3 , Seller shall have the right (after providing written notice to the Managing Agents in accordance with the Required Notice Period), at any time following the reduction of the Capital to a level that is less than 10.0% of the original Purchase Limit, to repurchase from the Purchasers all, but not less than all, of the then outstanding Purchaser Interests. The purchase price in respect thereof shall be an amount equal to the Aggregate Unpaids through the date of such repurchase, payable in immediately available funds. Such repurchase shall be without representation, warranty or recourse of any kind by, on the part of, or against any Purchaser, any Managing Agent or the Collateral Agent. ARTICLE III FUNDING Section 3.1 General Funding Provisions . Subject to Section 3.5 hereof, (a) each Purchaser Interest of the Committed Purchasers in a [COMPANY] shall accrue Yield for each day during its Tranche Period at either the LIBO Rate or the Base Rate, (b) each Purchaser Interest of the Committed Purchasers in a [COMPANY] shall accrue Yield for each day during its Tranche Period at the LIBO Rate and (c) each Purchaser Interest directly or indirectly funded 24 substantially with Pooled Commercial Paper shall accrue Yield for each day that any Capital in respect of such Purchaser Interest is outstanding at the CP Rate, in each case, in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. Until Seller gives notice to the Managing Agents of another Discount Rate in accordance with Section 3.4 , the initial Discount Rate for any Purchaser Interest transferred to the Committed Purchasers in a [COMPANY] pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof shall be the Base Rate. If any Committed Purchaser in a [COMPANY] acquires by assignment from any Conduit Purchaser any Purchaser Interest pursuant to such Conduit Purchaser’s respective Liquidity Agreement, each Purchaser Interest so assigned shall each be deemed to have a new Tranche Period commencing on the date of any such assignment. Section 3.2 Yield Payments . On each Monthly Settlement Date, Seller shall pay to each Managing Agent (for the benefit of the applicable Purchasers), an aggregate amount equal to (i) the accrued and unpaid Yield with respect to each Purchaser Interest for the immediately preceding Accrual Period, if Yield for such Purchaser Interest is calculated on the basis of the CP Rate, and (ii) the accrued and unpaid Yield with respect to each Purchaser Interest for the most recently ended Tranche Period for such Purchaser Interest, if Yield for such Purchaser Interest is calculated on the basis of any Discount Rate other than the CP Rate, in each case, in accordance with Article III . Section 3.3 Selection and Continuation of Tranche Periods for Committed Purchasers in CP Funding Purchaser Groups . (b) With consultation from (and approval by) each related Managing Agent, Seller shall from time to time request Tranche Periods for the Purchaser Interests of the Committed Purchasers in CP Funding Purchaser Groups; provided , however , that no more than fifteen (15) Tranche Periods shall be outstanding at any one time and Seller shall always request Tranche Periods such that at least one Tranche Period shall end on the date specified in clause (A) of the definition of Settlement Date. (c) Seller or a Managing Agent, upon notice to and consent by the other received at least three (3) Business Days prior to the end of a Tranche Period (the “ Terminating Tranche ”) for any Purchaser Interest, may, effective on the last day of the Terminating Tranche of a Committed Purchaser in a [COMPANY]: (i) divide any such Purchaser Interest into multiple Purchaser Interests, (ii) combine any such Purchaser Interest with one or more other Purchaser Interests which have a Terminating Tranche ending on the same day as such Terminating Tranche or (iii) combine any such Purchaser Interest with one or more other Purchaser Interests which either have a Terminating Tranche ending on such day or are newly created on such day, provided , in no event may a Purchaser Interest of a Conduit Purchaser be combined with a Purchaser Interest of a Committed Purchaser. Section 3.4 Discount Rates of Committed Purchasers in CP Funding Purchaser Groups. Seller may select the LIBO Rate or the Base Rate for each Purchaser Interest of the Committed Purchasers in CP Funding Purchaser Groups. Seller shall by 12:00 noon (Chicago time): (i) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the expiration of any Terminating Tranche with respect to which the LIBO Rate is being requested as a new Discount Rate and (ii) at least one (1) Business Day prior to the expiration of any Terminating Tranche with respect to which the Base Rate is being requested as a new Discount Rate, give each related Managing Agent irrevocable notice of the new Discount Rate for the Purchaser Interest associated with such Terminating Tranche. Section 3.5 Suspension of the LIBO Rate . (a) If any Committed Purchaser notifies its related Managing Agent that it has determined that funding its Pro Rata Share of the Purchaser Interests at a LIBO Rate would violate any applicable law, rule, regulation, or directive of any governmental or regulatory authority, whether or not having the 25 force of law, or that (i) deposits of a type and maturity appropriate to match fund its Purchaser Interests at such LIBO Rate are not available or (ii) such LIBO Rate does not accurately reflect the cost of acquiring or maintaining a Purchaser Interest at such LIBO Rate, then such Managing Agent shall notify the Collateral Agent and shall suspend the availability of such LIBO Rate and require Seller to select the Base Rate for any Purchaser Interest accruing Yield at such LIBO Rate. (b) If less than all of the Committed Purchasers give a notice to the Managing Agents pursuant to Section 3.5(a) , each Committed Purchaser which gave such a notice shall be obligated, at the request of Seller or such Committed Purchaser’s Managing Agent (on behalf of the related Conduit Purchaser or Conduit Purchasers), to assign all of its rights and obligations hereunder to (i) another Committed Purchaser that is acceptable to such related Conduit Purchaser or Conduit Purchasers or (ii) another funding entity nominated by Seller that is acceptable to such Conduit Purchaser or Conduit Purchasers and willing to participate in this Agreement through the Facility Termination Date in the place of such notifying Committed Purchaser; provided that (i) the notifying Committed Purchaser receives payment in full, pursuant to an Assignment Agreement, of an amount equal to such notifying Committed Purchaser’s Pro Rata Share of the Capital and Yield owing to all of the Committed Purchasers and all accrued but unpaid fees and other costs and expenses payable in respect of its Pro Rata Share of the Purchaser Interests of the Committed Purchasers, and (ii) the replacement Committed Purchaser otherwise satisfies the requirements of Section 11.1(b) . ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 4.1 Representations and Warranties of Seller Parties . Each Seller Party hereby represents and warrants to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers, as to itself, that: (a) Corporate Existence and Power . Such Seller Party is a corporation or limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation or formation, as the case may be, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or limited liability company, and has and holds all corporate or limited liability company power and all governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry on its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except where the failure to so qualify or so hold could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Power and Authority; Due Authorization Execution and Delivery . The execution and delivery by such Seller Party of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and, in the case of Seller, Seller’s use of the proceeds of purchases made hereunder, are within its corporate or limited liability company powers and authority and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited liability company action on its part. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which such Seller Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Seller Party. (c) No Conflict . The execution and delivery by such Seller Party of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder do not contravene or violate (i) its certificate or articles of incorporation or by-laws or certificate of formation or operating agreement, as the case may be, (ii) any law, rule or regulation applicable to it, (iii) any restrictions under any agreement, contract or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound, or (iv) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property, and do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim on assets of such Seller Party or its Material Subsidiaries (except as created hereunder) except, in 26 any case, where such contravention or violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and no transaction contemplated hereby requires compliance with any bulk sales act or similar law. (d) Governmental Authorization . Other than the filing of the financing statements required hereunder, no authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution and delivery by such Seller Party of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. (e) Actions, Suits . There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending, or to the best of such Seller Party’s knowledge, threatened, against or affecting such Seller Party, or any of its properties, in or before any court, arbitrator or other body, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Such Seller Party is not in default with respect to any order of any court, arbitrator or governmental body. (f) Binding Effect . This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which such Seller Party is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Seller Party enforceable against such Seller Party in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). (g) Accuracy of Information . All information heretofore furnished by such Seller Party or any of its Affiliates to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or the Purchasers for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement, any Monthly Report, any of the other Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is, and all such information hereafter furnished by such Seller Party or any of its Affiliates to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or the Purchasers will be, true and accurate in every material respect on the date such information is stated or certified (or, if such information specifies another date, such other date) and does not and will not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading. (h) Use of Proceeds . No purchase hereunder will violate, or be inconsistent with, Regulation T, U or X promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from time to time. No proceeds of any purchase hereunder will be directly secured or “indirectly secured” by any “margin stock,” as such terms are defined in Regulation U promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from time to time. (i) Good Title . Immediately prior to each purchase hereunder, Seller shall be the legal and beneficial owner of the Receivables and Related Security with respect thereto, free and clear of any Adverse Claim, except as created by the Transaction Documents. There have been duly filed all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect Seller’s ownership interest in each Receivable, its Collections and the Related Security. (j) Perfection . (i) This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Receivables and Related Security and Collections with respect thereto in favor of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Purchasers), which security interest is prior to 27 all other Adverse Claims, and is enforceable as such as against creditors of and purchasers from Seller. (ii) The Receivables constitute “accounts” within the meaning of the applicable UCC. (iii) Seller owns and has good and marketable title to the Receivables, Related Security and Collections, free and clear of any Adverse Claim, claim or encumbrance of any Person. (iv) Seller has caused or will have caused, within ten days, the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the Receivables, Related Security and Collections granted to the Collateral Agent (on behalf of the Purchasers) hereunder. (v) Other than the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Purchasers) pursuant to this Agreement, Seller has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Receivables, Related Security or Collections. Seller has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against Seller that include a description of collateral covering the Receivables, Related Security or Collections other than any financing statement relating to the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Purchasers) hereunder or that has been terminated. Seller is not aware of any judgment or tax lien filings against Seller. The parties hereto shall not waive a breach of any of the foregoing perfection representations, warranties or covenants without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Committed Purchasers upon confirmation that such waiver will not result in a withdrawal or downgrade of the rating of the Commercial Paper of any Conduit Purchaser). (k) Places of Business . The principal places of business and chief executive office of such Seller Party and the offices where it keeps all of its Records are located at the addresses listed on Exhibit III or such other locations of which the Collateral Agent has been notified in accordance with Section 6.2(a) in jurisdictions where all action required by Section 12.4(a) has been taken and completed. Each Seller Party’s Federal Employer Identification Number is correctly set forth on Exhibit III . Each Seller Party is organized solely under the laws of the State of Delaware. (l) Collections . The conditions and requirements set forth in Section 6.1(j) and Section 7.2 have at all times been satisfied and duly performed. The names and addresses of all Collection Banks, together with the account numbers of the Collection Accounts of Seller at each Collection Bank and the post office box number of each Lock-Box, are listed on Exhibit I to the Fee Letter (as such Exhibit I to the Fee Letter may be amended or supplemented from time to time by either Seller Party by delivery of a new Exhibit I thereto to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents). The Seller has not granted or delegated to any Person, other than the Collateral Agent as contemplated by this Agreement or pursuant to a Collection Account Agreement, dominion or “control” (within the meaning of Section 9-104 of the UCC of all applicable jurisdictions) of or the right to give instructions with respect to the disposition of funds without the consent of any other Person with respect to any Lock-Box or Collection Account, or the right to take dominion or “control” (within the meaning of Section 9-104 of the UCC of all applicable jurisdictions) of any such Lock-Box or Collection Account at a future time or upon the occurrence of a future event. 28 (m) Material Adverse Effect . (i) The initial Servicer represents and warrants that, since March 31, 2011, no event has occurred with respect to the initial Servicer that would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or operations or its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement and (ii) Seller represents and warrants that since March 31, 2011, no event has occurred that would have a material adverse effect on (A) the financial condition or operations of Seller, (B) the ability of Seller to perform its obligations under this Agreement or (C) the collectibility of the Receivables generally or any material portion of the Receivables; provided , that with respect to each of clause (i) and clause (ii) , the insolvency of, or any other event with respect to, any Obligor or Obligors which results in the Eligible Receivables from such Obligor or Obligors ceasing to be Eligible Receivables shall not be deemed to have a Material Adverse Effect so long as (x) immediately after giving effect to such insolvency or event, as applicable, the Net Receivables Balance less the Aggregate Reserves equals or exceeds the [COMPANY], and (y) such insolvency or event, as applicable, does not materially adversely affect the ability of the initial Servicer to perform its obligations and duties under this Agreement. (n) Names . In the past five (5) years, Seller has not used any corporate names, trade names or assumed names other than the name in which it has executed this Agreement. (o) Ownership of Seller . Apex Health Distribution directly owns 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Seller, free and clear of any Adverse Claim. Such capital stock is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and there are no options, warrants or other rights to acquire securities of Seller. (p) Not an [COMPANY] . Such Seller Party is not an “investment company” within the meaning of the [COMPANY] Act of 1940, as amended, or any successor statute. (q) Compliance with Law . Such Seller Party has complied in all respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which it may be subject, except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Receivable, together with the Contract related thereto, does not contravene any laws, rules or regulations applicable thereto (including, without limitation, laws, rules and regulations relating to truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy), and no part of such Contract is in violation of any such law, rule or regulation, except where such contravention or violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (r) Compliance with Credit and Collection Policy . Such Seller Party has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy with regard to each Receivable and the related Contract, and has not made any material change to such Credit and Collection Policy, except such material change as to which the Collateral Agent has been notified in accordance with Section 6.1(a)(vii) . (s) Reasonably Equivalent Value . The Seller has given reasonably equivalent value in consideration of the transfer of each Receivable, and no such transfer has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt. (t) Enforceability of Contracts . Each Contract with respect to each Receivable is effective to create, and has created, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor to pay the Outstanding Balance of the Receivable created thereunder and any accrued interest thereon, enforceable against the Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). 29 (u) Eligible Receivables . Each Receivable included in the Net Receivables Balance as an Eligible Receivable on the date of its purchase by the Seller was an Eligible Receivable on such purchase date. (v) Net Receivables Balance . Each Seller Party has determined that, immediately after giving effect to each Incremental Purchase and Reinvestment hereunder, the Net Receivables Balance is at least equal to the sum of (i) the [COMPANY], plus (ii) the Aggregate Reserves. (w) Accounting . Such Seller Party treats the transactions contemplated by the Receivables Sale Agreement as sales and/or capital contributions, for all purposes, including, without limitation, accounting purposes, notwithstanding the fact that the consolidated financial statements of Apex Health Distribution and the Seller are prepared in accordance with GAAP and, as a result of the consolidation required by GAAP, the transfers shall be reflected as a financing by Apex Health Distribution in its consolidated financial statements, and such Seller Party (i) has made appropriate notations in any such consolidated financial statements (or in the accompanying notes) to indicate that the Seller is a separate legal entity from Apex Health Distribution and to indicate that the assets and credit of the Seller is not available to satisfy the debts and obligations of Apex Health Distribution and (ii) the assets of Seller are listed separately on any balance sheet of such Seller Party prepared on a standalone basis. (x) Compliance with Representations . On and as of the date of each purchase of a Purchaser Interest hereunder and the date of each Reinvestment hereunder, each Seller Party hereby represents and warrants that all of the other representations and warranties made by it set forth in this Section 4.1 are true and correct on and as of the date of such purchase or Reinvestment (and after giving effect to such purchase or Reinvestment) as though made on and as of each such date (except where such representation or warranty relates to an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date). Section 4.2 Committed Purchaser Representations and Warranties . Each Committed Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Conduit Purchasers that: (d) Existence and Power . Such Committed Purchaser is a corporation, limited liability company or a banking association duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, and has all company power to perform its obligations hereunder. (e) No Conflict . The execution and delivery by such Committed Purchaser of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder are within its company powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary company action, do not contravene or violate (i) its certificate or articles of incorporation, formation or association or by-laws or limited liability company agreement, (ii) any law, rule or regulation applicable to it, (iii) any restrictions under any agreement, contract or instrument to which it is a party or any of its property is bound, or (iv) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property, and do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim on its assets. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Committed Purchaser. (f) Governmental Authorization . No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution and delivery by such Committed Purchaser of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder. 30 (g) Binding Effect . This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Committed Purchaser enforceable against such Committed Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). 31 ARTICLE V CONDITIONS OF PURCHASES Section 5.1 Conditions Precedent to the Effectiveness of this Agreement . This Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof upon satisfaction of each of the following conditions precedent on or prior to the Effective Date: (h) The Collateral Agent shall have received fully executed copies of each of the documents and other items reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent, in form and substance acceptable to the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent; (i) Each of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.1 shall be true and correct on and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of such date (except where such representation or warranty relates to an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date); (j) Each of the representations and warranties set forth in the Receivables Sale Agreement shall be true and correct on and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of such date (except where such representation or warranty relates to an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date); (k) No Amortization Event or Potential Amortization Event shall have occurred and be continuing and the Amortization Date shall not have occurred; (l) The Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent shall have received all fees and expenses required to be paid on the Effective Date pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Fee Letter; and (m) Each of the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent and each Purchaser shall have received such other approvals and documents as it has reasonably requested from the Seller or Apex Health Distribution. Section 5.2 Conditions Precedent to All Purchases and Reinvestment. Each purchase of a Purchaser Interest and each Reinvestment shall be subject to the conditions precedent that (a) in the case of each such purchase or Reinvestment, the Servicer shall have delivered to the Managing Agents on or prior to the date of such purchase, in form and substance satisfactory to the Managing Agents, all Monthly Reports, Weekly Reports and/or Daily Reports as and when due under Section 7.5 and (ii) upon the Collateral Agent’s or any Managing Agent’s request, the Servicer shall have delivered to the Managing Agents at least three (3) days prior to such purchase or Reinvestment an interim Monthly Report showing the amount of Eligible Receivables or such other form of report in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Managing Agents showing adequate information relating to the amount of Eligible Receivables; (b) the Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred; (c) no Amortization Event or, with respect to any Incremental Purchase, no Potential Amortization Event shall have occurred; (d) the Originator shall have marked its records evidencing the Receivables in a manner satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; and (e) the Collateral Agent shall have received such other approvals, opinions or documents as it may reasonably request. With respect to each Incremental Purchase and Reinvestment, as a condition to such Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment, on the date of such purchase the Seller represents and warrants that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.1 are true and correct on and as of the date of such Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment (and after giving effect thereto) as though made on and as of such date (except where such representation or warranty relates to an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date). 32 ARTICLE VI COVENANTS Section 6.1 Affirmative Covenants of the Seller Parties . Until the date on which the Aggregate Unpaids have been indefeasibly paid in full and this Agreement terminates in accordance with its terms, each Seller Party hereby covenants, as to itself, as set forth below: (a) Financial Reporting . Such Seller Party will maintain, for itself and each of its Material Subsidiaries, a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and furnish to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents: (i) Annual Reporting . Within ninety (90) days after the close of each of its respective fiscal years, audited, unqualified financial statements (which shall include balance sheets, statements of income and retained earnings and a statement of cash flows) for the Seller Parties on a consolidated basis for such fiscal year certified in a manner acceptable to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents by independent public accountants acceptable to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents together with unaudited consolidating financial statements for the Seller; provided , that such information need not be furnished directly to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents if it is publicly available at no charge on the EDGAR system of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“ EDGAR ”) within such period; provided , further , that the Seller shall only to be required to deliver financial statements for the Seller to the extent such statements are prepared. (ii) Quarterly Reporting . Within sixty (60) days after the close of the first three (3) quarterly periods of each of its respective fiscal years, balance sheets of each of the Originator and the Servicer (if different from the Originator), and, to the extent such financial statements are prepared, for the Seller, in each such case as at the close of each such period, together with statements of income and retained earnings and, with respect to the Originator only, a statement of cash flows for each such Person for the period from the beginning of such fiscal year to the end of such quarter, in each case, certified by an Authorized Officer; provided , that such information need not be furnished directly to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents if it is publicly available at no charge on EDGAR within such period. (iii) Compliance Certificate . Together with the financial statements required hereunder, a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit V signed by such Seller Party’s Authorized Officer and dated the date of such annual financial statement or such quarterly financial statement, as the case may be. (iv) Shareholders Statements and Reports . Promptly upon the furnishing thereof to the shareholders of such Seller Party copies of all financial statements, reports and proxy statements so furnished; provided , that a copy of any such statement or report need not be furnished directly to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents if the same is publicly available at no charge on EDGAR within such period. (v) Securities Exchange Commission Filings . Promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements and annual, quarterly, monthly or other regular reports which such Seller Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries files with the Securities and Exchange Commission; provided , that a copy of any such statement or report need not be furnished directly to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents if the same is publicly available at no charge on EDGAR promptly upon the filing thereof. (vi) Copies of Notices . Promptly upon its receipt of any notice, request for consent, financial statements, certification, report or other communication under or in connection with any 33 Transaction Document from any Person other than the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any Conduit, copies of the same. (vii) Change in Credit and Collection Policy . At least thirty (30) days prior to the effectiveness of any material change in or amendment to the Credit and Collection Policy, a copy of the Credit and Collection Policy then in effect and a notice indicating such change or amendment. (viii) Other Information . Promptly, from time to time, such other information, documents, records or reports relating to the Receivables or the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of such Seller Party as the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent may from time to time reasonably request in order to protect the interests of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents, and the Purchasers under or as contemplated by this Agreement. Any report, statement or other material required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (a) shall be deemed to have been furnished to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents on the date that such report, statement or other material is posted on the EDGAR system of the Securities and Exchange Commission or the website of the Originator at www.apexhealthdist.com . (b) Notices . Such Seller Party will notify the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent in writing of any of the following promptly upon learning of the occurrence thereof, describing the same and, if applicable, the steps being taken with respect thereto: (i) Amortization Events or Potential Amortization Events . The occurrence of each Amortization Event and each Potential Amortization Event, by a statement of an Authorized Officer of such Seller Party. (ii) Judgment and Proceedings . (A) The entry of any judgment or decree against (1) the Servicer or any of its Material Subsidiaries if the amount of any such judgment or decree against the Servicer or one of its Material Subsidiaries exceeds $25,000,000 after deducting (a) the amount with respect to which the Servicer or any such Material Subsidiary is insured and with respect to which the insurer has assumed responsibility in writing, and (b) the amount for which the Servicer or any such Material Subsidiary is otherwise indemnified if the terms of such indemnification are satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents, or (2) Seller; or (B) the institution of any litigation, arbitration proceeding or governmental proceeding against the Seller. (iii) Material Adverse Effect . The occurrence of any event or condition that has, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. (iv) Receivables Sale Agreement Amortization Date . The occurrence of the “Amortization Date” under the Receivables Sale Agreement. (v) Defaults Under Other Agreements . The occurrence of an event of default, or event that, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would result in an event of default, under any other financing arrangement pursuant to which such Seller Party is a debtor or an obligor that is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (vi) Downgrade of the Originator . Any downgrade in the rating of any Indebtedness of the Originator by S&P, Fitch or Moody’s, setting forth the Indebtedness affected and the nature of such change. (c) Compliance with Laws and Preservation of Corporate Existence . Such Seller Party will comply in all respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, 34 decrees or awards to which it may be subject, except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Such Seller Party will preserve and maintain its corporate or limited liability company existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, as the case may be, and qualify and remain qualified in good standing as a foreign corporation or limited liability company, as the case may be, in each jurisdiction where its business is conducted, except where the failure to so preserve and maintain or qualify could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (d) Audits . Such Seller Party will furnish to the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent from time to time such information with respect to it and the Receivables as the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent may reasonably request. Such Seller Party will, from time to time during regular business hours as requested by the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent upon reasonable notice and at the sole cost of such Seller Party, permit the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent, or its agents or representatives, (i) to examine and make copies of and abstracts from all Records in the possession or under the control of such Person relating to the Receivables and the Related Security, including, without limitation, the related Contracts, and (ii) to visit the offices and properties of such Person for the purpose of examining such materials described in clause (i) above, and to discuss matters relating to such Person’s financial condition or the Receivables and the Related Security or any Person’s performance under any of the Transaction Documents or any Person’s performance under the Contracts (subject to confidentiality restrictions in the relevant Contracts) and, in each case, with any of the officers or employees of Seller or the Servicer having knowledge of such matters; provided , however , that prior to the Amortization Date, so long as no Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing, the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and their respective agents or representatives shall not, on a collective basis, conduct the activities described in clauses (i) and (ii) above more frequently than one time per year. (e) Keeping and Marking of Records and Books . (i) The Servicer will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including, without limitation, an ability to recreate records evidencing Receivables in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Receivables (including, without limitation, records adequate to permit the identification of each new Receivable and all Collections of and adjustments to each existing Receivable). (ii) Such Seller Party will on or prior to the date hereof, mark its records and other books and records relating to the Purchaser Interests with a legend, acceptable to the Collateral Agent, describing the Purchaser Interests. (f) Compliance with Contracts and Credit and Collection Policy . Such Seller Party will timely and fully (i) perform and comply with all provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Contracts related to the Receivables, and (ii) comply in all respects with the Credit and Collection Policy in regard to each Receivable and the related Contract, except, in each case, where the failure to so comply would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. Seller will pay when due any taxes payable in connection with the Receivables, exclusive of taxes on or measured by income or gross receipts of the Purchasers, the Collateral Agent, or the Managing Agents. (g) Performance and Enforcement of Receivables Sale Agreement . Seller shall, and shall require the Originator to, perform each of its obligations and undertakings under and pursuant to the Receivables Sale Agreement, shall purchase Receivables thereunder in strict compliance with the terms thereof and shall take all action necessary or reasonably appropriate to enforce the rights and remedies accorded to Seller under the Receivables Sale Agreement. Seller shall take all actions reasonably 35 necessary to perfect and enforce its rights and interests (and the rights and interests of the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers as assignees of Seller) under the Receivables Sale Agreement as the Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request, including, without limitation, making claims to which it may be entitled under any indemnity, reimbursement or similar provision contained in the Receivables Sale Agreement. (h) Ownership . Seller shall take all necessary action to (i) vest legal and equitable title to the Receivables, the Related Security and the Collections purchased under the Receivables Sale Agreement irrevocably in Seller, free and clear of any Adverse Claims other than Adverse Claims in favor of the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers ( including , without limitation , the filing of all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect Seller’s interest in such Receivables, Related Security (to the extent covered by Article 9 of the UCC) and Collections and such other action to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the interest of Seller therein as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request), and (ii) establish and maintain, in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Purchasers, a valid and perfected first priority undivided percentage ownership interest (and/or a valid and perfected first priority security interest) in all Receivables, Related Security (to the extent covered by Article 9 of the UCC) and Collections to the full extent contemplated herein, free and clear of any Adverse Claims other than Adverse Claims in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers (including, without limitation, the filing of all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect the Collateral Agent’s (for the benefit of the Purchasers) interest in such Receivables, Related Security (to the extent covered by Article 9 of the UCC) and Collections and such other action to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the interest of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request). (i) Purchasers’ Reliance . Seller acknowledges that the Purchasers are entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in reliance upon Seller’s identity as a legal entity that is separate from the Originator. Therefore, from and after the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement, Seller shall take all reasonable steps, including, without limitation, all steps that the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any Purchaser may from time to time reasonably request, to maintain Seller’s identity as a separate legal entity and to make it manifest to third parties that Seller is an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of the Originator and any Affiliates thereof and not just a division of the Originator. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and in addition to the other covenants set forth herein, Seller shall: (A) conduct its own business in its own name and require that all full-time employees of Seller, if any, identify themselves as such and not as employees of the Originator; (B) if applicable, compensate all employees, consultants and agents directly, from Seller’s bank accounts, for services provided to Seller by such employees, consultants and agents and, to the extent any employee, consultant or agent of Seller is also an employee, consultant or agent of the Originator, allocate the compensation of such employee, consultant or agent between Seller and the Originator on a basis that reflects the services rendered to Seller and the Originator; (C) clearly identify its offices (by signage or otherwise) as its offices, if any, and, if any such office is located in the offices of the Originator, Seller shall lease such office at a fair market rent; 36 (D) if applicable, have separate stationery, invoices and checks in its own name; (E) conduct all transactions with the Originator and the Servicer (including, without limitation, any delegation of its obligations hereunder as Servicer) strictly on an arm’s-length basis, allocate all overhead expenses (including, without limitation, telephone and other utility charges), if any, for items shared between Seller and the Originator on the basis of actual use to the extent practicable, if any, and, to the extent such allocation is not practicable, on a basis reasonably related to actual use; (F) at all times have a Board of Directors consisting of at least three members, at least one member of which is an Independent Director; (G) observe all organizational formalities as a distinct entity, and ensure that all corporate or limited liability company actions relating to (A) the selection, maintenance or replacement of the Independent Director, (B) the dissolution or liquidation of Seller or (C) the initiation of, participation in, acquiescence in or consent to any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding involving Seller, are duly authorized by unanimous vote of its Board of Directors (including the Independent Director); (H) maintain Seller’s books and records separate from those of the Originator and otherwise readily identifiable as its own assets rather than assets of the Originator; (I) prepare its financial statements, if any, separately from those of the Originator and ensure that any consolidated financial statements of the Originator or any Affiliate thereof that include Seller and that are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental agency have notes stating to the effect that Seller is a separate corporate entity and that its assets will be available to satisfy the claims of the creditors of Seller and of no other Person; (J) except as herein specifically otherwise provided, maintain the funds or other assets of Seller separate from, and not commingled with, those of the Originator and only maintain bank accounts or other depository accounts to which the Seller alone is the account party, into which the Seller alone makes deposits and from which the Seller alone (or the Collateral Agent or Managing Agents hereunder) has the power to make withdrawals; (K) pay all of Seller’s operating expenses, if any, from the Seller’s own assets (except for certain payments by the Originator or other Persons pursuant to allocation arrangements that comply with the requirements of this Section 6.1(i) ); (L) operate its business and activities such that: it does not engage in any business or activity of any kind, or enter into any transaction or indenture, mortgage, instrument, agreement, contract, lease or other undertaking, other than the transactions contemplated and authorized by this Agreement and the Receivables Sale Agreement; and does not create, incur, guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness or other liabilities, whether direct or contingent, other than (1) as a result of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business, (2) the incurrence of obligations under this Agreement, (3) the incurrence of obligations, as expressly contemplated in the Receivables Sale Agreement, 37 to make payment to the Originator for the purchase of Receivables from the Originator under the Receivables Sale Agreement, and (4) the incurrence of operating expenses in the ordinary course of business of the type otherwise contemplated by this Agreement; (M) maintain its organizational documents in conformity with this Agreement, such that it does not amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify its organizational documents in any respect that would impair its ability to comply with the terms or provisions of any of the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, Section 6.1(i) of this Agreement; (N) maintain the effectiveness of, and continue to perform under the Receivables Sale Agreement, such that it does not amend, restate, supplement, cancel, terminate or otherwise modify the Receivables Sale Agreement, or give any consent, waiver, directive or approval thereunder or waive any default, action, omission or breach under the Receivables Sale Agreement or otherwise grant any indulgence thereunder, without (in each case) the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent; (O) maintain its corporate separateness such that it does not merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions, and except as otherwise contemplated herein) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, any Person, nor at any time create, have, acquire, maintain or hold any interest in any Subsidiary; (P) maintain at all times the [COMPANY] Amount and refrain from making any dividend, distribution, redemption of capital stock or payment of any subordinated indebtedness which would cause the [COMPANY] Amount to cease to be so maintained; and (Q) take such other actions as are necessary on its part to ensure that the facts and assumptions set forth in the opinion issued on the date hereof by Morrison & [COMPANY] as counsel for Seller and the Originator relating to substantive consolidation issues, and in the certificates accompanying such opinion, remain true and correct in all material respects at all times. (j) Collections . Such Seller Party shall cause (1) all proceeds from all Lock-Boxes to be directly deposited by a Collection Bank into a Collection Account and (2) each Lock-Box and Collection Account to be, at all times, subject to a Collection Account Agreement that is in full force and effect. In the event any payments relating to Receivables are remitted directly to Seller or any Affiliate of Seller, Seller shall remit (or shall cause all such payments to be remitted) directly to a Collection Bank and deposited into a Collection Account within two (2) Business Days following receipt thereof and, at all times prior to such remittance, Seller shall itself hold or, if applicable, shall cause such payments to be held in trust for the exclusive benefit of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers. Seller shall maintain exclusive ownership, dominion and control (subject to the terms of this Agreement) of each Lock-Box and Collection Account and shall not grant the right to take dominion and control of any Lock-Box or Collection Account at a future time or upon the occurrence of a future event to any Person, except to the Collateral Agent as contemplated by this Agreement. (k) Taxes . Such Seller Party shall file all tax returns and reports required by law to be filed by it and shall promptly pay all taxes and governmental charges at any time owing, except any such taxes 38 which are not yet delinquent or are being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles shall have been set aside on its books. (l) Corporate Ownership . The Seller shall remain a wholly-owned, direct Subsidiary of Apex Health Distribution. Section 6.2 Negative Covenants of the Seller Parties . Until the date on which the Aggregate Unpaids have been indefeasibly paid in full and this Agreement terminates in accordance with its terms, each Seller Party hereby covenants, as to itself, that: (c) Name Change, Offices and Records . Such Seller Party will not make any change to its name (within the meaning of Section 9-507(c) of any applicable enactment of the UCC), type or jurisdiction of organization or location of books and records unless, with respect to any such name change, change in type or jurisdiction of organization, or change in location of its books and records, such Seller Party (x) at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date thereof, notifies the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent thereof, (y) prior to the effectiveness thereof, takes all other steps to ensure that the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of itself and the Purchasers, continues to have a first priority, perfected ownership or security interest in the Receivables, the Related Security related thereto and any Collections thereon and (z) except with respect to a change in location of books and records, prior to the effectiveness thereof, delivers to the Collateral Agent (i) such financing statements (Forms UCC-1 and UCC-3) as the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent may reasonably request to reflect such name change, change in type or jurisdiction of organization, (ii) if the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any Purchaser shall so request, an opinion of counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Person, as to such Seller Party’s valid existence and good standing, enforceability of the Transaction Documents and the perfection and priority of the Collateral Agent’s ownership or security interest in the Receivables, the Related Security and Collections and (iii) such other documents and instruments as the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent may reasonably request in connection therewith, including, without limitation, information which the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent may request in connection with its compliance with “know your customer” regulations, the Patriot Act and any other rules or regulations applicable to such Person and, in the case of a change to the Seller’s type of organization, copies of the organizational documents of the Seller which shall contain provisions customary for bankruptcy-remote entities of such type participating in asset-backed financings and consistent with the provisions of Section 6.1(i) and otherwise be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. (d) Change in Payment Instructions to Obligors . Except as may be required by Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 7.2(b) , such Seller Party will not add or terminate any bank as a Collection Bank, or make any change in the instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made to any Lock-Box or Collection Account, unless the Collateral Agent shall have received (i) at least ten (10) days before the proposed effective date therefor, written notice of such addition, termination or change; provided , however , that the Servicer may make changes in instructions to Obligors regarding payments if such new instructions require such Obligor to make payments to another existing Collection Account, and (ii) at least ten (10) days before the proposed effective date therefor (or such shorter prior period as may be agreed to by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion), with respect to the addition of a Collection Bank or a Collection Account or Lock-Box, an executed Collection Account Agreement with respect to the new Collection Account or Lock-Box. In the event of any change in any Lock-Box, Collection Bank or Collection Account in accordance with this Section 6.2(b) , such Seller Party shall deliver an updated Exhibit I to the Fee Letter to the Collateral Agent. 39 (e) Modifications to Contracts and Credit and Collection Policy . Such Seller Party will not make any change to the Credit and Collection Policy that could adversely affect the collectibility of the Receivables or decrease the credit quality of any newly created Receivables. Except as provided in Section 7.2(d) , the Servicer will not, and will not extend, amend or otherwise modify the terms of any Receivable or any Contract related thereto other than in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. (f) Sales, Liens . Seller shall not sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of, or grant any option with respect to, or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon (including, without limitation, the filing of any financing statement) or with respect to, any Receivable, Related Security or Collections, or upon or with respect to any Contract under which any Receivable arises, or any Lock-Box or Collection Account, or assign any right to receive income with respect thereto (other than, in each case, the creation of the interests therein in favor of the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers provided for herein), and Seller shall defend the right, title and interest of the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers in, to and under any of the foregoing property, against all claims of third parties claiming through or under Seller or the Originator. Seller shall not create or suffer to exist any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien, charge or other similar arrangement on any inventory the sale of which would give rise to a Receivable. (g) Net Receivables Balance . At no time prior to the Amortization Date shall Seller permit the Net Receivables Balance to be less than an amount equal to the sum of (i) the [COMPANY] plus (ii) the Aggregate Reserves for any period of time greater than one (1) Business Day. (h) Amortization Date Determination . Seller shall not designate an Amortization Date (as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement), or send any written notice to Originator in respect thereof, without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, except with respect to the occurrence of such Amortization Date arising pursuant to Section 5.1(d) of the Receivables Sale Agreement. ARTICLE VII ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION Section 7.1 Designation of Servicer . (i) The servicing, administration and collection of the Receivables shall be conducted by such Person (the “ Servicer ”) so designated from time to time in accordance with this Section 7.1 . Apex Health Distribution is hereby designated as, and hereby agrees to perform the duties and obligations of, the Servicer pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Amortization Event, the Collateral Agent may at any time designate as Servicer any Person to succeed Apex Health Distribution or any successor Servicer. (j) Without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent and the Required Committed Purchasers, Apex Health Distribution shall not be permitted to delegate any of its duties or responsibilities as Servicer to any Person other than (i) Seller or another Affiliate of Apex Health Distribution and (ii) with respect to certain Defaulted Receivables, outside collection agencies in accordance with its customary practices. Seller shall not be permitted to further delegate to any other Person any of the duties or responsibilities of the Servicer delegated to it by Apex Health Distribution. If at any time after the occurrence of an Amortization Event, the Collateral Agent shall designate as Servicer any Person other than Apex Health Distribution or an Affiliate of Apex Health Distribution, all duties and responsibilities theretofore delegated by Apex Health Distribution or another Affiliate of Apex Health Distribution to Seller may, at the discretion of the Collateral Agent, be terminated forthwith on notice given by the Collateral Agent to Apex Health Distribution and to Seller. 40 (k) So long as the Servicer is Apex Health Distribution or an Affiliate of Apex Health Distribution, (i) Apex Health Distribution shall be and remain primarily liable to the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers for the full and prompt performance of all duties and responsibilities of the Servicer hereunder; (ii) the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers shall be entitled to deal exclusively with Apex Health Distribution in matters relating to the discharge by the Servicer of its duties and responsibilities hereunder; and (iii) the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers shall not be required to give notice, demand or other communication to any Person other than Apex Health Distribution in order for communication to the Servicer and its sub-servicer or other delegate with respect thereto to be accomplished. Apex Health Distribution, at all times that it is the Servicer, shall be responsible for providing any sub-servicer or other delegate of the Servicer with any notice given to the Servicer under this Agreement. Section 7.2 Duties of Servicer . (a) The Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such actions as may be necessary or advisable to collect each Receivable from time to time, all in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, with reasonable care and diligence, and in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. (b) The Servicer will instruct all Obligors to pay all Collections directly to a Lock-Box or Collection Account. The Servicer shall cause a Collection Account Agreement to be in effect at all times with respect to each Collection Account. In the case of any remittances received in any Lock-Box or Collection Account that shall have been identified, to the satisfaction of the Servicer, to not constitute Collections or other proceeds of the Receivables or the Related Security, the Servicer shall promptly remit such items to the Person identified to it as being the owner of such remittances. From and after the date the Collateral Agent delivers to any Collection Bank a Collection Notice pursuant to Section 7.3 , the Collateral Agent may request that the Servicer, and the Servicer thereupon promptly shall instruct all Obligors with respect to the Receivables, to remit all payments thereon to a new depositary account specified by the Collateral Agent and, at all times thereafter, Seller and the Servicer shall not deposit or otherwise credit, and shall not permit any other Person to deposit or otherwise credit to such new depositary account any cash or payment item other than Collections. (c) The Servicer shall administer the Collections in accordance with the procedures described herein and in Article II . The Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust for the account of Seller and the Purchasers their respective shares of the Collections of Receivables in accordance with Article II ; provided , that nothing in this sentence shall require the Servicer to segregate Collections on a daily basis from its other funds. The Servicer shall, upon the request of the Collateral Agent after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Amortization Event, segregate, in a manner acceptable to the Collateral Agent, all cash, checks and other instruments received by it from time to time constituting Collections from the general funds of the Servicer or Seller prior to the remittance thereof in accordance with Article II . If the Servicer shall be required to segregate Collections pursuant to the preceding sentence, the Servicer shall segregate and deposit with a bank designated by the Collateral Agent such allocable share of Collections of Receivables set aside for the Purchasers on the first Business Day following receipt by the Servicer of such Collections, duly endorsed or with duly executed instruments of transfer. (d) The Servicer may, in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy, extend the maturity of any Receivable or adjust the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable as the Servicer determines to be appropriate to maximize Collections thereof; provided , however , that such extension or adjustment shall not alter the status of such Receivable as a Delinquent Receivable or Defaulted Receivable or limit the rights of the Collateral Agent or the Purchasers under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Collateral Agent shall have the absolute and unlimited right to direct the Servicer to commence or settle any legal action with respect to any Receivable or to foreclose upon or repossess any Related Security. 41 (e) The Servicer shall hold in trust for Seller and the Purchasers all Records that (i) evidence or relate to the Receivables, the related Contracts and Related Security or (ii) are otherwise necessary or desirable to collect the Receivables and shall, as soon as practicable upon demand of the Collateral Agent after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Amortization Event deliver or make available to the Collateral Agent all such Records, at a place selected by the Collateral Agent. The Servicer shall, as soon as practicable following receipt thereof turn over to Seller any cash collections or other cash proceeds received with respect to Indebtedness not constituting Receivables. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Amortization Event, the Servicer shall, from time to time at the request of any Purchaser, furnish to the Purchasers (promptly after any such request) a calculation of the amounts set aside for the Purchasers pursuant to Article II . (f) Any payment by an Obligor in respect of any indebtedness owed by it to the Originator or Seller shall, except as reasonably identified by the Servicer as not constituting a Collection, as otherwise specified by such Obligor, as otherwise required by contract or law or unless otherwise instructed by the Collateral Agent, be applied as a Collection of any Receivable of such Obligor (starting with the oldest such Receivable) to the extent of any amounts then due and payable thereunder before being applied to any other receivable or other obligation of such Obligor. Section 7.3 Collection Notices . The Collateral Agent is authorized at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Amortization Event to date and to deliver to the Collection Banks the Collection Notices. Seller hereby transfers to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers, effective when the Collateral Agent delivers such notice, the exclusive ownership and control of each Lock-Box and the Collection Accounts. In case any authorized signatory of Seller whose signature appears on a Collection Account Agreement shall cease to have such authority before the delivery of such notice, such Collection Notice shall nevertheless be valid as if such authority had remained in force. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Amortization Event, Seller hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent, and agrees that the Collateral Agent shall be entitled, to (i) endorse Seller’s name on checks and other instruments representing Collections and (ii) take such action as shall be necessary or desirable to cause all cash, checks and other instruments constituting Collections of Receivables to come into the possession of the Collateral Agent rather than Seller. Following the Amortization Date, Seller hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent, and agrees that the Collateral Agent shall be entitled, to enforce the Receivables, the related Contracts and the Related Security. Section 7.4 Responsibilities of Seller . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the exercise by the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers of their rights hereunder shall not release the Servicer, the Originator or Seller from any of their duties or obligations with respect to any Receivables or under the related Contracts. The Purchasers shall have no obligation or liability with respect to any Receivables or related Contracts, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform the obligations of Seller. Section 7.5 Reports . The Servicer shall prepare and forward to each Managing Agent (a) during a Level 1 Ratings Period, a Monthly Report on each Monthly Reporting Date; (b) during a Level 2 Ratings Period, a Monthly Report on each Monthly Reporting Date and a Weekly Report on each Weekly Reporting Date and (c) during a Level 3 Ratings Period, a Monthly Report on each Monthly Reporting Date and a Daily Report on each Business Day, in each case, accompanied by, if the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent shall request, a listing by Obligor of all Receivables together with an aging of such Receivables; provided , that if an Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing, the Servicer shall prepare and forward Monthly Reports, Weekly Reports and Daily Reports to each Managing Agent at such times as each Managing Agent shall request. Section 7.6 Servicing Fees . In consideration of Apex Health Distribution’s agreement to act as Servicer hereunder, the Purchasers hereby agree that, so long as Apex Health Distribution shall continue to perform as Servicer 42 hereunder, the Seller shall pay over to Apex Health Distribution on each Monthly Settlement Date, in accordance with the priority of payments set forth in Article II , a fee (the “ Servicing Fee ”) equal to (i) one percent (1%) of the average daily Net Receivables Balance during the preceding Collection Period, times (ii) 1/12, as compensation for its servicing activities. Section 7.7 Financial Covenant . Apex Health Distribution agrees that it will, as of the end of each calendar month, maintain a ratio of Total Debt to Total Capitalization of not greater than 0.565 to 1.00. ARTICLE VIII AMORTIZATION EVENTS Section 8.1 Amortization Events . The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an Amortization Event: (g) Any Seller Party shall fail (i) to make any payment or deposit required hereunder when due and, for any such payment or deposit which is not in respect of Capital, such failure continues for one (1) Business Day, or (ii) to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement hereunder (other than as referred to in clause (i) of this paragraph (a)) and such failure shall continue for five (5) consecutive Business Days after the earlier of written notice from the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent or Purchaser or actual knowledge on the part of such Seller Party of such failure. (h) Any representation or warranty made by any Seller Party in this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or in any other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made. (i) (I) Failure of Seller to pay any Indebtedness when due; (I) failure of any other Seller Party or any Material Subsidiary thereof to pay Indebtedness (other than any intercompany Indebtedness) when due in excess of $100,000,000 (“ Relevant Indebtedness ”) and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the relevant document evidencing or governing such Indebtedness on the date of such failure; or (I) the default by any Seller Party or any Material Subsidiary thereof in the performance of any term, provision or condition contained in any agreement under which any Relevant Indebtedness was created or is governed (other than a default resulting solely from a change of control of a Subsidiary in connection with the acquisition thereof by Apex Health Distribution or a Subsidiary thereof (other than the Seller)), the effect of which is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness to cause, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity; or (I) any Relevant Indebtedness of any Seller Party shall be declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled payment) prior to the date of maturity thereof. (j) (I) Any Seller Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against any Seller Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee or other similar official for it or any substantial part of its property, and, with respect to a Seller Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries other than the Seller, such proceeding instituted against any Seller Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries shall not be stayed, released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty (60) days after commencement, filing or levy or (I) any Seller Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth in clause (i) above in this subsection (d) . 43 (k) The aggregate Purchaser Interests shall exceed 100% and shall continue as such until the earlier of (i) one Business Day following the date any Seller Party has actual knowledge thereof and (ii) the next Settlement Date. (l) As at the end of any calendar month, the Delinquency Ratio shall exceed 1.75%, or the Loss-to-Balance Ratio shall exceed 1.50%, or the Receivables Dilution Ratio shall exceed 10.00%. (m) A Change of Control shall occur with respect to any Seller Party. (n) One or more final judgments for the payment of money shall be entered against Seller or one or more final judgments for the payment of money in excess of $25,000,000 shall be entered against any other Seller Party on claims not covered by insurance or as to which the insurance carrier has denied its responsibility, and such judgment shall continue unsatisfied and in effect for fifteen (15) consecutive days without a stay of execution. (o) (1) Any “Amortization Event” or the “Amortization Date” shall occur under the Receivables Sale Agreement or (2) the Originator shall for any reason cease to transfer, or cease to have the legal capacity to transfer, or otherwise be incapable of transferring Receivables to the Seller under the Receivables Sale Agreement. (p) This Agreement shall terminate in whole or in part (except in accordance with its terms), or shall cease to be effective or to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of Seller, or any Obligor on Receivables constituting a material portion of the Receivables shall directly or indirectly contest in any manner such effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability, or the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers shall cease to have a valid and perfected first priority security interest in the Receivables, the Related Security and the Collections with respect thereto and the Collection Accounts. Section 8.2 Remedies . (a) Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Amortization Event, the Collateral Agent may with the consent of, and shall, upon the direction of, any Managing Agent, take any of the following actions (with written notice to the Seller): (i) declare the Amortization Date to have occurred, whereupon the Amortization Date shall forthwith occur, without demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Seller Party; provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an Amortization Event described in Section 8.1(d) , or of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Seller Party under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, the Amortization Date shall automatically occur, without demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Seller Party, (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, declare that the Default Fee shall accrue with respect to any of the Aggregate Unpaids outstanding at such time, (iii) replace the Person then acting as Servicer and (iv) deliver the Collection Notices to the Collection Banks. (b) Upon the occurrence of the Amortization Date, the Collateral Agent may with the consent of, and shall, upon the direction of, any Managing Agent (with written notice to the Seller) notify Obligors of the Purchasers’ interest in the Receivables. The aforementioned rights and remedies shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers available under this Agreement, by operation of law, at equity or otherwise, all of which are hereby expressly preserved, including, without limitation, all rights and remedies provided under the UCC, all of which rights shall be cumulative. 44 ARTICLE IX INDEMNIFICATION Section 9.1 Indemnities by the Seller Parties . (a) Without limiting any other rights that the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any Purchaser may have hereunder or under applicable law, (A) Seller hereby agrees to indemnify the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and each Purchaser and their respective assigns, officers, directors, agents and employees (each an “ Indemnified Party ”) from and against any and all damages, losses, claims, taxes, liabilities, costs, expenses and for all other amounts payable, including reasonable attorneys’ fees (which attorneys may be employees of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or such Purchaser) and disbursements (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as “ Indemnified Amounts ”) awarded against or incurred by any of them arising out of or as a result of this Agreement or the acquisition, either directly or indirectly, by a Purchaser of an interest in the Receivables, and (B) the Servicer hereby agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Party for Indemnified Amounts awarded against or incurred by any of them arising out of any breach by the Servicer (whether in its capacity as Servicer or in its capacity as Originator) of a representation, warranty, covenant or obligation made by the Servicer hereunder or under any other Transaction Document excluding, however, in all of the foregoing instances under the preceding clauses (A) and (B) : (w) Indemnified Amounts to the extent a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such Indemnified Amounts resulted from gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Indemnified Party seeking indemnification; (x) Indemnified Amounts to the extent the same includes losses in respect of Receivables that are uncollectible on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy or financial inability to pay of the related Obligor; (y) taxes imposed by the jurisdiction in which such Indemnified Party’s principal executive office is located, on or measured by the overall net income of such Indemnified Party to the extent that the computation of such taxes is consistent with the characterization for income tax purposes of the acquisition by the Purchasers of Purchaser Interests as a loan or loans by the Purchasers to Seller secured by the Receivables, the Related Security, the Collection Accounts and the Collections; or (z) any claim by any Indemnified Party against another Indemnified Party; provided , however , that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the liability of any Seller Party or limit the recourse of the Purchasers to any Seller Party for amounts otherwise specifically provided to be paid by such Seller Party under the terms of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing indemnification, Seller shall indemnify the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agent and the Purchasers for Indemnified Amounts (including, without limitation, losses in respect of uncollectible receivables, subject to clause (x) in the preceding paragraph, but otherwise regardless of whether reimbursement therefor would constitute recourse to Seller or the Servicer) relating to or resulting from: (iii) any representation or warranty made by any Seller Party or the Originator (or any officers of any such Person) under or in connection with this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any other information or report delivered by any such Person pursuant hereto or thereto, which shall have been false or incorrect when made or deemed made; (iv) the failure by any Seller, the Servicer or the Originator to comply with any applicable law, rule or regulation with respect to any Receivable or Contract related thereto, or the 45 nonconformity of any Receivable or Contract included therein with any such applicable law, rule or regulation or any failure of the Originator to keep or perform any of its obligations, express or implied, with respect to any Contract; (v) any failure of Seller, the Servicer or the Originator to perform its duties, covenants or other obligations in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; (vi) any products liability, personal injury, damage or similar claim arising out of or in connection with merchandise, insurance or services that are the subject of any Contract; (vii) any dispute, claim, offset or defense (other than discharge in bankruptcy of the Obligor) of the Obligor to the payment of any Receivable (including, without limitation, a defense based on such Receivable or the related Contract not being a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms), or any other claim resulting from the sale of the merchandise or service related to such Receivable or the furnishing or failure to furnish such merchandise or services; (viii) the commingling of Collections of Receivables at any time with other funds; (ix) any investigation, litigation or proceeding related to or arising from this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the transactions contemplated hereby, the use of the proceeds of a purchase, the ownership of the Purchaser Interests or any other investigation, litigation or proceeding relating to Seller, the Servicer or the Originator in which any Indemnified Party becomes involved as a result of any of the transactions contemplated hereby; (x) any inability to litigate any claim against any Obligor in respect of any Receivable as a result of such Obligor being immune from civil and commercial law and suit on the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise from any legal action, suit or proceeding; (xi) any Amortization Event described in Section 8.1(d) ; (xii) any failure of Seller to acquire and maintain legal and equitable title to, and ownership of any Receivable and the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto from the Originator, free and clear of any Adverse Claim (other than as created hereunder); or any failure of Seller to give reasonably equivalent value in consideration of the transfer of any Receivable, or any attempt by any Person to void such transfer under statutory provisions or common law or equitable action; (xiii) any failure to vest and maintain vested in the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers, or to transfer to the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers, legal and equitable title to, and ownership of, a first priority undivided percentage ownership interest (to the extent of the Purchaser Interests contemplated hereunder) or security interest in the Receivables, the Related Security and the Collections, free and clear of any Adverse Claim; (xiv) the failure to have filed, or any delay in filing, financing statements or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction or other applicable laws with respect to any Receivable, the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, and the proceeds of any thereof, whether at the time of any Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment or at any subsequent time; 46 (xv) any action or omission by any Seller Party which reduces or impairs the rights of the Collateral Agent or the Purchasers with respect to any Receivable or the value of any such Receivable; and (xvi) any attempt by any Person to void any Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment hereunder under statutory provisions or common law or equitable action. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, solely for the purposes of determining Indemnified Amounts owing under this Section 9.1 , any representation, warranty or covenant qualified by materiality or the occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect shall not be so qualified. Section 9.2 Increased Cost and Reduced Return . (a) If any Regulatory Change, except for changes in the rate of tax on the overall net income of a Funding Source or taxes excluded by Section 9.1 , (i) subjects any Funding Source to any charge or withholding on or with respect to this Agreement or any other Funding Agreement or a Funding Source’s obligations under this Agreement or any other Funding Agreement, or on or with respect to the Receivables, or changes the basis of taxation of payments to any Funding Source of any amounts payable under this Agreement or any other Funding Agreement or (ii) imposes, modifies or deems applicable any reserve, assessment, fee, tax, insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or liabilities of a Funding Source, or credit extended by a Funding Source pursuant to this Agreement or any other Funding Agreement (except the reserve requirement reflected in the LIBO Rate) or (iii) imposes any other condition affecting this Agreement or any Funding Agreement and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to a Funding Source of performing its obligations under this Agreement or any other Funding Agreement, or to reduce the rate of return on a Funding Source’s capital as a consequence of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Funding Agreement, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by a Funding Source under this Agreement or any other Funding Agreement, or to require any payment calculated by reference to the amount of interests or loans held or interest received by it then, within forty five (45) days following demand therefor by the Collateral Agent or the relevant Managing Agent, Seller shall pay, as set forth in Section 9.2(b) , such amounts charged to such Funding Source or such amounts to otherwise compensate such Funding Source for such increased cost or such reduction; provided, that (x) Seller shall only be liable for amounts in respect of increased costs or reduced returns for the period of up to ninety (90) days prior to the date on which such demand was made, (y) such Funding Source shall have applied consistent return metrics to other similarly situated borrowers or obligors (after consideration of facility pricing, structure, usage patterns, capital treatment and relationship) with respect to such increased costs or reduced returns and (z) to the extent that any Funding Agreement described in this Section 9.2(a) covers facilities in addition to this Agreement, each Conduit Purchaser or Funding Source, as the case may be, shall allocate the liability for any such increased costs or reductions among Seller and other Persons with whom such Conduit Purchaser or Funding Source, as the case may be, has entered into agreements to purchase interests in or finance receivables and other financial assets (“ Other Customers ”), and Seller shall not be liable for any such increased costs or reductions that are attributable to any Other Customer. The term “ Regulatory Change ” shall mean (i) the adoption after the date hereof of any applicable law, rule or regulation (including any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy), or any change therein, by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof (each, a “ Regulatory Authority ”), after the date hereof, (ii) any change after the date hereof in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Regulatory Authority, or compliance with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) issued after the date hereof by any such Regulatory Authority, or (iii) the compliance, application or implementation, whether commenced prior to or after the date hereof, by any Funding Source with: (a) the final rule titled [COMPANY] Guidelines; Capital Adequacy Guidelines; Capital Maintenance: [COMPANY]; 47 Impact of Modifications to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles; Consolidation of Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Programs; and Other Related Issues , adopted by the United States bank regulatory agencies on December 15, 2009 (the “ FAS 166/167 Capital Guidelines ”); (b) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “ Dodd Frank Act ”); (c) the revised Basel Accord prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision as set out in the publication titled: “International Convergence of Capital Measurements and Capital Standards: a Revised Framework,” as updated from time to time (“ Basel II ”); or (d) or any existing or future rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations, requests or directives from any Regulatory Authority relating to the FAS 166/167 Capital Guidelines, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or Basel II (whether or not having the force of law). (b) A certificate of the applicable Funding Source (or its related Managing Agent on its behalf) claiming compensation under Section 9.2(a) shall be sent to Seller and shall be conclusive absent manifest error; provided that such certificate (i) sets forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts payable to such Funding Source pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section 9.2 , (ii) explains the methodology used to determine such amount and (iii) states that such amount is consistent with return metrics applied in determining amounts that such Funding Source has required other similarly situated borrowers or obligors (after consideration of facility pricing, structure, usage patterns, capital treatment and relationship) to pay with respect to such increased costs or reduced returns. The Seller shall pay such Funding Source (or its related Managing Agent on its behalf) the amount as due on any such certificate on the next Settlement Date following receipt of such notice. (c) Each Funding Source subject to any Regulatory Change giving rise to a demand pursuant to Section 9.2(a) , at the request of Seller, shall assign pursuant to Section 11.1(b) all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to (i) another Funding Source in such Funding Source’s [COMPANY], which is not subject to a Regulatory Change or Consolidation Event, and the Conduit Purchasers in such [COMPANY] shall consent to such assignment (provided that such assignee meets the requirements of Section 11.1(b) ), or (ii) another financial institution selected by Seller and reasonably acceptable to Collateral Agent. (d) If any Funding Source (A) has or anticipates having any claim for compensation from the Seller pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition of Regulatory Change appearing in paragraph (a) of this Section 9.2 , and (B) such Funding Source reasonably determines, following consultation with Seller, that having the facility evidenced by this Agreement publicly rated by two credit rating agencies (or, if the applicable Funding Source or its related Managing Agent reasonably determines, following consultation with Seller, that the rating of a single credit rating agency is sufficient to achieve the same effect, by one credit rating agency) would reduce the amount of such compensation by an amount deemed by such Funding Source to be material, then, unless the facility evidenced by this Agreement already has been publicly rated by one or more credit rating agencies, such Funding Source (or its related Managing Agent) shall provide written notice to the Seller and the Servicer that such Funding Source intends to request such public rating(s) of this facility from two credit rating agencies (or one credit rating agency, as applicable) selected by such Funding Source and acceptable to the Seller in its sole discretion (the “ Required Rating(s) ”). The Seller and the Servicer agree that they shall cooperate with such Funding Source’s efforts to obtain the Required Rating(s), and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the applicable credit rating agencies (or credit rating agency, as applicable), either directly or through distribution to the Collateral Agent or such Funding Source (or its related Managing Agent), any information (subject to the agreement of each applicable credit rating agency to maintain the confidentiality of any information so provided which relates to any Obligor) requested by such credit rating agencies (or credit rating agency, as applicable) for purposes of providing and monitoring the Required Rating(s); provided that neither failure to obtain the Required Rating(s) nor failure to have the facility rated (to the extent that Seller has acted in good faith to attempt to obtain such rating) shall 48 constitute an Event of Default or early amortization event. The requesting Funding Source shall pay the initial fees payable to the credit rating agencies (or credit rating agency, as applicable) for providing the rating(s) and Seller shall pay all ongoing fees payable to the credit rating agencies (or credit rating agency, as applicable) for their continued monitoring of the rating(s). Nothing in this Section 9.2(d) shall preclude any Funding Source from demanding compensation from the Seller pursuant to Section 9.2(a) hereof at any time and without regard to whether the Required Rating(s) shall have been obtained, or shall require any Funding Source to obtain any ratings on the facility evidenced by this Agreement prior to demanding any such compensation from the Seller; provided, however, in demanding such compensation the applicable Funding Source shall take into account and give effect to any reduction in amounts payable under Section 9.2(a) due to the Required Rating(s) having been obtained. Section 9.1 Other Costs and Expenses . Seller shall pay to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Conduit Purchasers on demand all costs and out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including without limitation, all rating agency fees, costs and expenses incurred by any Conduit Purchaser or Managing Agent, the cost of the Conduit Purchasers’ auditors auditing the books, records and procedures of Seller, reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of legal counsel for the Conduit Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent (which such counsel may be employees of the Conduit Purchasers, the Managing Agents or the Collateral Agent) with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Conduit Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent as to their respective rights and remedies under this Agreement. Seller shall pay to the Collateral Agent or the relevant Managing Agent, within ten (10) days following demand therefor, any and all costs and expenses of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers, if any, including reasonable counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement and the other documents delivered hereunder and in connection with any restructuring or workout of this Agreement or such documents, or the administration of this Agreement following an Amortization Event. Section 9.2 Withholding Tax Exemption . (a) At least five (5) Business Days prior to the first date on which any amount is payable hereunder for the account of any Purchaser, each Purchaser that is not a “United States person” for United States federal income tax purposes agrees that it will deliver to each of Seller and the related [COMPANY] Managing Agent two duly completed and originally executed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, W-8ECI or W-8IMY with all necessary attachments or applicable successor forms, certifying in each case that such Purchaser is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes. Each such Purchaser further undertakes to deliver to each of Seller and the related Managing Agent two additional copies of such form (or a successor form) on or before the date that such form expires or becomes obsolete or after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent forms so delivered by it, and such amendments thereto or extensions or renewals thereof as may be reasonably requested by Seller or the related Managing Agent, in each case certifying that such Purchaser is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement without deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes, unless any change in any treaty, law or regulation has occurred prior to the date on which any such delivery would otherwise be required which renders all such forms inapplicable or which prevents such Purchaser from duly completing and delivering any such form with respect to it and such Purchaser advises Seller and the related Managing Agent that it is not capable of receiving payments without any deduction or withholding of United States federal income tax. (b) Each Purchaser that is not a “United States person” for U.S. federal income tax purposes agrees to indemnify and hold Seller, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent harmless in respect of 49 any loss, cost or expense incurred by Seller, any Managing Agent or the Collateral Agent as a result of, and agrees that, notwithstanding any other provision hereof, payments hereunder to such Purchaser may be subject to deduction or withholding without indemnification by Seller for any United States federal income taxes, penalties, interest and other costs and losses incurred or payable by Seller, any Managing Agent or the Collateral Agent as a result of, (i) such Purchaser’s failure to submit any form that is required pursuant to this Section 9.4 or (ii) Seller’s, any Managing Agent’s or the Collateral Agent’s reliance on any form that such Purchaser has provided pursuant to this Section 9.4 that is determined to be inaccurate in any material respect. ARTICLE X THE AGENTS Section 10.1 Authorization and Action . Each Purchaser hereby designates and appoints JPMorgan Chase to act as its agent hereunder and under each other Transaction Document, and authorizes the Collateral Agent and its related Managing Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein or in any other Transaction Document, or any fiduciary relationship with any Purchaser, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities on the part of the Collateral Agent or the Managing Agents shall be read into this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or otherwise exist for the Collateral Agent or the Managing Agents. In performing their respective functions and duties hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, (i) the Collateral Agent shall act solely as agent for the Purchasers, (ii) each Managing Agent shall act solely as agent for the Conduit Purchasers and Committed Purchasers in the related [COMPANY] and (iii) neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for any Seller Party or any of such Seller Party’s successors or assigns. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall be required to take any action that exposes the Collateral Agent or the Managing Agents to personal liability or that is contrary to this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or applicable law. The appointment and authority of the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents hereunder shall terminate upon the indefeasible payment in full of all Aggregate Unpaids. Each Purchaser hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent, as applicable, to execute each of the Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, this Agreement and such other Transaction Documents as may require the Collateral Agent’s or a Managing Agent’s signature on behalf of such Purchaser (the terms of which shall be binding on such Purchaser). Section 10.2 Delegation of Duties . The Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents may execute any of their respective duties under this Agreement and each other Transaction Document by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. Section 10.3 Exculpatory Provisions . None of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or any of their respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (except for its, their or such Person’s own gross negligence or willful misconduct), or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Purchasers for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Seller Party contained in this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received under or in connection with, this Agreement, or any other Transaction Document or for the value, validity, 50 effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement, or any other Transaction Document or any other document furnished in connection herewith or therewith, or for any failure of any Seller Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder, or for the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article V , or for the perfection, priority, condition, value or sufficiency of any collateral pledged in connection herewith. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall be under any obligation to any Purchaser to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements or covenants contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Seller Parties. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Amortization Event or Potential Amortization Event unless the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent, as applicable, has received notice from Seller or a Purchaser. Section 10.4 Reliance by Agent s. The Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents shall in all cases be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to Seller), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent. The Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Conduit Purchasers or the Required Committed Purchasers or all of the Purchasers, as applicable, as they deem appropriate and they shall first be indemnified to their satisfaction by the Purchasers, provided that unless and until the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent shall have received such advice, the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent may take or refrain from taking any action, as the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent shall deem advisable and in the best interests of the Purchasers. The Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, in accordance with a request of the related Conduit Purchasers or the Required Committed Purchasers or all of the Purchasers, as applicable, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Purchasers. Section 10.5 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Purchasers . Each Purchaser expressly acknowledges that none of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent hereafter taken, including, without limitation, any review of the affairs of any Seller Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent. Each Purchaser represents and warrants to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents that it has and will, independently and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any other Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, prospects, financial and other conditions and creditworthiness of Seller and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and all other documents related hereto or thereto. Section 10.6 Reimbursement and Indemnification . The Committed Purchasers agree to reimburse and indemnify the Collateral Agent and its respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents ratably according to their Pro Rata Shares, to the extent not paid or reimbursed by the Seller Parties (i) for any amounts for which the Collateral Agent, acting in its capacity as Collateral Agent, is entitled to reimbursement by the Seller Parties hereunder and (ii) for any other expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent, in its capacity as Collateral Agent, in connection with the administration and enforcement of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The Committed Purchasers in each [COMPANY] agree to reimburse and indemnify the related Managing Agent and its respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents ratably according to their Commitments, to the 51 extent not paid or reimbursed by the Seller Parties (i) for any amounts for which such Managing Agent, acting in its capacity as Managing Agent, is entitled to reimbursement by the Seller Parties hereunder and (ii) for any other expenses incurred by such Managing Agent, in its capacity as Managing Agent, in connection with the administration and enforcement of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Section 10.7 Agents in their Individual Capacities . The Collateral Agent, each Managing Agent and each of its respective Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with Seller or any Affiliate of Seller as though it were not the Collateral Agent or a Managing Agent hereunder. With respect to the acquisition of Purchaser Interests pursuant to this Agreement, the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement in its individual capacity as any Purchaser and may exercise the same as though it were not the Collateral Agent or a Managing Agent, and the terms “ Committed Purchaser ,” “ Purchaser ,” “ Committed Purchasers ” and “ Purchasers ” shall include the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent in its individual capacity. Section 10.8 Successor Agent . The Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent may, upon five (5) days’ notice to Seller and the Purchasers, and the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent will, upon the direction of all of the Purchasers (other than such Collateral Agent or Managing Agent, in its individual capacity, as applicable) resign as Collateral Agent or Managing Agent, as applicable. If the Collateral Agent or a Managing Agent shall resign, then the Required Committed Purchasers, in the case of the Collateral Agent, or the Committed Purchasers of the related [COMPANY], in the case of a Managing Agent during such five-day period shall appoint from among the Committed Purchasers, in the case of the Collateral Agent, or the Committed Purchasers of the related [COMPANY], in the case of a Managing Agent, a successor agent. If for any reason no successor agent is appointed by the Required Committed Purchasers, in the case of the Collateral Agent, or the Committed Purchasers of the related [COMPANY], in the case of a Managing Agent, during such five-day period, then effective upon the termination of such five-day period, the Committed Purchasers, in the case of the Collateral Agent, and the Committed Purchasers of the related [COMPANY], in the case of a Managing Agent, shall perform all of the duties of the Collateral Agent or the applicable Managing Agent hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and Seller and the Servicer (as applicable) shall make all payments in respect of the Aggregate Unpaids directly to the applicable Purchasers and for all purposes shall deal directly with the Purchasers. After the effectiveness of any retiring Collateral Agent’s or Managing Agent’s resignation hereunder as Collateral Agent or Managing Agent, as applicable, the retiring Collateral Agent or Managing Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and the provisions of this Article X and Article IX shall continue in effect for its benefit with respect to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Collateral Agent or Managing Agent under this Agreement and under the other Transaction Documents. Section 10.9 Collateral Agent as Secured Party Representative . The parties hereto acknowledge that the Collateral Agent has been granted a collateral assignment of, and security interest in, all of Seller’s rights under the Receivables Sale Agreement, including without limitation its rights as secured party or buyer with respect to assets transferred or pledged thereunder. In connection with such assignment, Seller hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to be named as secured party of record, on Seller’s behalf and as Seller’s secured party representative, with respect to all UCC financing statements filed in connection with the Receivables Sale Agreement. Collateral Agent hereby acknowledges and agrees that it is acting as Seller’s secured party representative for purposes of perfection in being named as secured party of record on such financing statements. 52 ARTICLE XI ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS Section 11.1 Assignments . (a) Seller and each Committed Purchaser hereby agree and consent to the complete or partial assignment by each Conduit Purchaser of all or any portion of its rights under, interest in, title to and obligations under this Agreement (i) to the related Committed Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement or pursuant to a Liquidity Agreement, (ii) to any other issuer of commercial paper notes sponsored or administered by the Managing Agent of such Conduit’s [COMPANY] and with a rating of at least A-1/P-1 or (iii) to any other Person; provided that, prior to the occurrence of an Amortization Event, such Conduit Purchaser may not make any such assignment pursuant to this clause (iii), except in the event that the circumstances described in Section 11.1(c) occur, without the consent of Seller (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and upon such assignment, such Conduit Purchaser shall be released from its obligations so assigned. Further, Seller and each Committed Purchaser hereby agree that any assignee of any Conduit Purchaser of this Agreement or all or any of the Purchaser Interests of such Conduit Purchaser shall have all of the rights and benefits under this Agreement as if the term “ Conduit Purchaser ” explicitly referred to such party, and no such assignment shall in any way impair the rights and benefits of such Conduit Purchaser hereunder. Neither Seller nor the Servicer shall have the right to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement. (b) Any Committed Purchaser may, at any time and from time to time, assign to one or more Persons (“ Purchasing Committed Purchasers ”) all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to an assignment agreement, substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit VI hereto (the “ Assignment Agreement ”) executed by such Purchasing Committed Purchaser and such selling Committed Purchaser. The consent of the Conduit Purchaser or Conduit Purchasers in such Committed Purchaser’s [COMPANY], if any, shall be required prior to the effectiveness of any such assignment. The selling Committed Purchaser will consult with the Seller regarding the suitability of the Purchasing Committed Purchaser prior to the effectiveness of any assignment pursuant to this Section 11.1(b) and, so long as the Seller’s response is not unreasonably withheld or delayed, such Committed Purchaser will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate the Seller’s preferences and, if the Seller timely solicits a commitment from an eligible assignee on terms that are not disadvantageous to the assigning Committed Purchaser, such Committed Purchaser will accommodate the Seller’s request. Each assignee of a Committed Purchaser which is a member of a [COMPANY] which has a Conduit Purchaser as a member must have a short-term debt rating from S&P and Moody’s equal to or greater than the ratings required in order to maintain the rating of the commercial paper issued by the related Conduit Purchaser (the “ Required Ratings ”). Upon delivery of the executed Assignment Agreement to the Collateral Agent, such selling Committed Purchaser shall be released from its obligations hereunder to the extent of such assignment. Thereafter the Purchasing Committed Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Committed Purchaser party to this Agreement and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Committed Purchaser under this Agreement to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto and no further consent or action by Seller, the Purchasers or the Collateral Agent shall be required. (c) Each of the Committed Purchasers that is (i) not a Conduit Purchaser and (ii) a member of a [COMPANY] that has a Conduit Purchaser as a member, agrees that in the event that it shall cease to have the Required Ratings (an “ Affected Committed Purchaser ”), such Affected Committed Purchaser shall be obliged, at the request of the Conduit Purchasers in such Committed Purchaser’s [COMPANY] or the applicable Managing Agent, to assign all of its rights and obligations hereunder to (x) another Committed Purchaser or (y) another funding entity nominated by such Managing Agent and acceptable to such affected Conduit Purchasers, and willing to participate in this Agreement through the Facility Termination Date in the place of such Affected Committed Purchaser; provided , that the Affected 53 Committed Purchaser receives payment in full, pursuant to an Assignment Agreement, of an amount equal to such Committed Purchaser’s Pro Rata Share of the [COMPANY] and Yield owing to the Committed Purchasers and all accrued but unpaid fees and other costs and expenses payable in respect of its Pro Rata Share of the Purchaser Interests of the Committed Purchasers. Section 11.2 Participations . Any Committed Purchaser may, in the ordinary course of its business at any time sell to one or more Persons (each a “ Participant ”) participating interests in its Pro Rata Share of the Purchaser Interests of the Committed Purchasers or any other interest of such Committed Purchaser hereunder. The selling Committed Purchaser will consult with the Seller regarding the suitability of each Participant prior to the effectiveness of any participation pursuant to this Section 11.2 and, so long as the Seller’s response is not unreasonably withheld or delayed, such Committed Purchaser will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate the Seller’s preferences, and, if the Seller timely solicits a commitment from an eligible Participant on terms that are not disadvantageous to the selling Committed Purchaser, such Committed Purchaser will accommodate the Seller’s request. Notwithstanding any such sale by a Committed Purchaser of a participating interest to a Participant, such Committed Purchaser’s rights and obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, such Committed Purchaser shall remain solely responsible for the performance of its obligations hereunder, and Seller, the Servicer, the Conduit Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Committed Purchaser in connection with such Committed Purchaser’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. No Participant shall have rights greater than those of the related Committed Purchaser. Each Committed Purchaser agrees that any agreement between such Committed Purchaser and any such Participant in respect of such participating interest shall not restrict such Committed Purchaser’s right to agree to any amendment, supplement, waiver or modification to this Agreement, except for any amendment, supplement, waiver or modification described in Section 11.1(b)(i) . Section 11.3 Additional Purchaser Groups; Joinder by Conduit Purchaser . (a) Upon the Seller’s request, an additional [COMPANY] may be added to this Agreement at any time by the execution and delivery of a joinder agreement, substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit VII hereto (a “ Joinder Agreement ”) by the members of such proposed additional [COMPANY], the Seller, the Servicer and the Collateral Agent, which execution and delivery shall not be unreasonably refused by such parties. Upon the effective date of such Joinder Agreement, (i) each Person specified therein as a “New Conduit Purchaser” shall become a party hereto as a Conduit Purchaser, entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations of a Conduit Purchaser hereunder, (ii) each Person specified therein as a “New Committed Purchaser” shall become a party hereto as a Committed Purchaser, entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations of a Committed Purchaser hereunder, (iii) each Person specified therein as a “New Managing Agent” shall become a party hereto as a Managing Agent, entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations of a Managing Agent hereunder and (iv) the Purchase Limit shall be increased, if appropriate, by an amount which is equal to (x) the aggregate Commitments of the New Committed Purchasers party to such Joinder Agreement. On or prior to the effective date of such Joinder Agreement, the Seller, each new Purchaser and the new Managing Agent shall enter into a Fee Letter for purposes of setting forth the fees payable to the members of such [COMPANY] in connection with this Agreement. (b) [COMPANY] may add a Conduit Purchaser member at any time by the execution and delivery of a Joinder Agreement by such proposed Conduit Purchaser, the other members of such [COMPANY], the Seller, the Servicer and the Collateral Agent, which execution and delivery shall not be unreasonably refused by such parties. Upon the effective date of such Joinder Agreement, each Person specified therein as a “New Conduit Purchaser” shall become a party hereto as a Conduit Purchaser, entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations of a Conduit Purchaser hereunder. 54 Section 11.4 Extension of Facility Termination Date . The Seller may advise any Managing Agent in writing of its desire to extend the Facility Termination Date for an additional period not exceeding 364 days, provided such request is made not more than 90 days prior to, and not less than 60 days prior to, the then current Facility Termination Date. Each Managing Agent so advised by the Seller shall promptly notify each Committed Purchaser in its related [COMPANY] of any such request and each such Committed Purchaser shall notify its related Managing Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Seller of its decision to accept or decline the request for such extension no later than 30 days prior to the then current Facility Termination Date (it being understood that each Committed Purchaser may accept or decline such request in its sole discretion and on such terms as it may elect, and the failure to so notify its Managing Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Seller shall be deemed an election not to extend by such Committed Purchaser). In the event that at least one Committed Purchaser agrees to extend the Facility Termination Date, the Seller Parties, the Collateral Agent, the extending Committed Purchasers and the applicable Managing Agent or Managing Agents shall enter into such documents as such extending Committed Purchasers may deem necessary or appropriate to reflect such extension, and all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by such Committed Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) shall be paid by the Seller. In the event that any Committed Purchaser (a) declines the request to extend the Facility Termination Date or (b) is in a [COMPANY] with respect to which the Seller did not seek an extension of the Facility Termination Date (each such Committed Purchaser being referred to herein as a “ Non-Renewing Committed Purchaser ”), and, in the case of a Non-Renewing Committed Purchaser described in clause (a), the Commitment of such Non-Renewing Committed Purchaser is not assigned to another Person in accordance with the terms of this Article XI prior to the then current Facility Termination Date, the Purchase Limit shall be reduced by an amount equal to each such Non-Renewing Committed Purchaser’s Commitment on the then current Facility Termination Date. Section 11.5 Terminating Committed Purchasers . (a) Any Affected Committed Purchaser or Non-Renewing Committed Purchaser which has not assigned its rights and obligations hereunder if requested pursuant to this Article XI shall be a “ Terminating Committed Purchaser ” for purposes of this Agreement as of the then current Facility Termination Date (or, in the case of any Affected Committed Purchaser, such earlier date as declared by the Conduit Purchaser in such Affected Committed Purchaser’s [COMPANY]). If an Amortization Event has occurred, and the Committed Purchasers in a [COMPANY] have voted or otherwise determined to declare an Amortization Date, but the Committed Purchasers in the other Purchaser Groups have voted or otherwise determined not to declare an Amortization Date, then the Committed Purchasers in such [COMPANY] (and each Conduit Purchaser in such [COMPANY] that has any Capital outstanding at such time) may, upon written notice to the Servicer, the Seller and the Collateral Agent, elect to become, and shall become, Terminating Committed Purchasers effective on the date specified in such notice, which shall be a date no less than three (3) Business Days after the date such notice is received by the Servicer, the Seller and the Collateral Agent. (b) Each Terminating Committed Purchaser shall be allocated, in accordance with Section 2.2 , a ratable portion of Collections according to its respective Termination Percentage from the date of its becoming a Terminating Committed Purchaser (the “ Termination Date ”) until such Terminating Committed Purchaser’s Capital shall be paid in full. Each Terminating Committed Purchaser’s Termination Percentage shall remain constant prior to the Amortization Date. On and after the Amortization Date, each Termination Percentage shall be disregarded, and each Terminating Committed Purchaser’s Capital shall be reduced ratably with all Committed Purchasers in accordance with Section 2.3 . 55 (c) On the date any Committed Purchaser becomes a Terminating Committed Purchaser, the Commitment of such Committed Purchaser shall terminate and the Purchase Limit shall be reduced by an amount equal to such Committed Purchaser’s Commitment. Upon reduction to zero of the Capital of all of the Purchaser Interests of a Terminating Committed Purchaser (after application of Collections thereto pursuant to Sections 2.2 and 2.4 ) all rights and obligations of such terminating Committed Purchaser hereunder shall be terminated and such terminating Committed Purchaser shall no longer be a “Committed Purchaser” hereunder; provided , however , that the provisions of Article IX shall continue in effect for its benefit with respect to Purchaser Interests or the Commitment held by such Terminating Committed Purchaser prior to its termination as a Committed Purchaser. ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS Section 12.1 Waivers and Amendments . (a) No failure or delay on the part of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or any Purchaser in exercising any power, right or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or remedy preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and nonexclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. Any waiver of this Agreement shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. (b) No provision of this Agreement may be amended, supplemented, modified or waived except in writing in accordance with the provisions of this Section 12.1(b) . The Conduit Purchasers, Seller, the Servicer, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent, at the direction of the Required Committed Purchasers, may enter into written modifications or waivers of any provisions of this Agreement, provided , however , that no such modification or waiver shall: (i) without the consent of each affected Purchaser, (A) extend the Facility Termination Date or the date of any payment or deposit of Collections by Seller or the Servicer, (B) reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of Yield (or any component thereof), (C) reduce any fee payable to the Collateral Agent or the Managing Agents for the benefit of the Purchasers, (D) except pursuant to Article XI hereof, change the amount of the Capital of any Purchaser, any Committed Purchaser’s Pro Rata Share (except as may be required pursuant to a Conduit Purchaser’s Liquidity Agreement) or any Committed Purchaser’s Commitment, (E) amend, modify or waive any provision of the definition of Required Committed Purchasers or this Section 12.1(b) , (F) consent to or permit the assignment or transfer by Seller of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, (G) change the definition of “Concentration Limit,” “Defaulted Receivables,” “Default Proxy Ratio,” “Delinquency Ratio,” “Delinquent Receivable,” “Discount and Servicing Fee Reserve,” “Dilution Horizon Ratio,” “Dilution Reserve,” “Dilution Reserve Ratio,” “Dilution Ratio,” “Eligible Receivable,” “Loss Horizon Ratio,” “Loss Reserve,” “Loss Reserve Ratio,” “Loss-to-Balance Ratio,” or “Receivables Dilution Ratio” or (H) amend or modify any defined term (or any defined term used directly or indirectly in such defined term) used in clauses (A) through (G) above in a manner that would circumvent the intention of the restrictions set forth in such clauses; or (ii) without the written consent of any then Collateral Agent or Managing Agent, amend, modify or waive any provision of this Agreement if the effect thereof is to affect the rights or duties of such Collateral Agent or Managing Agent, as applicable. 56 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) without the consent of the Committed Purchasers, the Collateral Agent may, with the consent of Seller, amend this Agreement solely to add additional Persons as Committed Purchasers hereunder and (ii) the Collateral Agent, the Required Committed Purchasers and the Conduit Purchasers may enter into amendments to modify any of the terms or provisions of Article X , Article XI and Section 12.13 or any other provision of this Agreement without the consent of Seller, provided that such amendment has no negative impact upon Seller. Any modification or waiver made in accordance with this Section 12.1 shall apply to each of the Purchasers equally and shall be binding upon Seller, the Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent. Section 12.2 Notices . Except as provided below, all communications and notices provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including bank wire, telecopy or electronic facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to the other parties hereto at their respective addresses or facsimile numbers set forth below: If to the Seller: [COMPANY] One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Fax: (415) 983-9369 If to the Servicer: Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Fax: (415) 983-9369 If to the Collateral Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Asset Backed Securities 10 South Dearborn Street Suite IL1-0079 Chicago, IL 60670 Fax: (312) 732-4487 If to any Managing Agent: The address set forth on Schedule B hereto If to any Purchaser: The address of the related Managing Agent set forth on Schedule B hereto or, in each case, at such other address or telecopy number as such Person may hereafter specify for the purpose of notice to each of the other parties hereto. Each such notice or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by telecopy, upon the receipt thereof, (ii) if given by mail, three (3) Business Days after the time such communication is deposited in the mail with first class postage prepaid or (iii) if given 57 by any other means, when received at the address specified in this Section 12.2 . Seller hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to effect purchases and Tranche Period and Discount Rate selections based on telephonic notices made by any Person whom the Collateral Agent in good faith believes to be acting on behalf of Seller. Seller agrees to deliver promptly to the Collateral Agent a written confirmation of each telephonic notice signed by an authorized officer of Seller; however, the absence of such confirmation shall not affect the validity of such notice. If the written confirmation differs from the action taken by the Collateral Agent, the records of the Collateral Agent shall govern absent manifest error. Section 12.3 Ratable Payments . If any Purchaser, whether by setoff or otherwise, has payment made to it with respect to any portion of the Aggregate Unpaids owing to such Purchaser (other than payments received pursuant to Section 9.2 or 9.3 ) in a greater proportion than that received by any other Purchaser entitled to receive a ratable share of such Aggregate Unpaids, such Purchaser agrees, promptly upon demand, to purchase for cash without recourse or warranty a portion of such Aggregate Unpaids held by the other Purchasers so that after such purchase each Purchaser will hold its ratable proportion of such Aggregate Unpaids; provided that if all or any portion of such excess amount is thereafter recovered from such Purchaser, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. Section 12.4 Protection of Ownership Interests of the Purchasers . (d) Seller agrees that from time to time, at its expense, it will promptly execute and deliver all instruments and documents, and take all actions, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the Purchaser Interests, or to enable the Collateral Agent or the Purchasers to exercise and enforce their rights and remedies hereunder. At any time following the occurrence of the Amortization Date resulting from an Amortization Event, the Collateral Agent may, or the Collateral Agent may direct Seller or the Servicer to, notify the Obligors of Receivables, at Seller’s expense, of the ownership or security interests of the Purchasers under this Agreement and after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Amortization Event, may also direct that payments of all amounts due or that become due under any or all Receivables be made directly to the Collateral Agent or its designee. Seller or the Servicer (as applicable) shall, at any Purchaser’s request, withhold the identity of such Purchaser in any such notification. (e) If any Seller Party fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder, the Collateral Agent or any Purchaser may (but shall not be required to) perform, or cause performance of, such obligation, and the Collateral Agent’s or such Purchaser’s costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by Seller as provided in Section 9.3 . Each Seller Party irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent at any time and from time to time in the sole discretion of the Collateral Agent, and appoints the Collateral Agent as its attorney-in-fact, to act on behalf of such Seller Party (i) to execute on behalf of Seller as debtor and to file financing statements necessary or desirable in the Collateral Agent’s sole discretion to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of the interest of the Purchasers in the Receivables (which financing statements may include a description of collateral consistent with Section 12.14(b) or may contain an indication or description of collateral that describes such property in any other manner as the Collateral Agent may determine, in its sole discretion, is necessary, advisable or prudent to ensure that the perfection of the interests of the Collateral Agent therein, including, without limitation, describing such property as “all assets of the Debtor whether now owned or hereafter acquired and wheresoever located, including all accessions thereto and proceeds thereof” or words of similar effect) and (ii) to file a carbon, photographic or other reproduction of this Agreement or any financing statement with respect to the Receivables as a financing statement in such offices as the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion deems necessary or desirable to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of the interests of the Purchasers in the Receivables. This appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. 58 Section 12.5 Confidentiality . (a) Each Seller Party and each Purchaser shall maintain and shall cause each of its employees and officers to maintain the confidentiality of this Agreement and the other confidential proprietary information with respect to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agent and the Conduit Purchasers and their respective businesses obtained by it or them in connection with the structuring, negotiating and execution of the transactions contemplated herein, except that such Seller Party and such Purchaser and its officers and employees may disclose such information to such Seller Party’s and such Purchaser’s external accountants and attorneys and as required pursuant to any law, rule, regulation, direction, request or order of any judicial, administrative or regulatory authority or proceedings (whether or not having the force or effect of law). (b) The Collateral Agent, each Managing Agent and each Purchaser shall maintain and shall cause each of its employees and officers to maintain the confidentiality of any material nonpublic information with respect to the Seller Parties (the “ Information ”); provided , that each Seller Party hereby consents to the disclosure of Information (i) to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents, the Committed Purchasers or the Conduit Purchasers by each other and (ii) by the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any Purchaser to: (A) any prospective or actual assignee or participant of any of them, provided , that each such Person has been informed of the confidential nature of such Information and has agreed, pursuant to an agreement containing provisions substantially similar to this Section, to keep such Information confidential, (B) any rating agency then rating the Commercial Paper of any Conduit Purchaser and any nationally recognized statistical rating organization in compliance with Rule 17g-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or to any other rating agency in compliance with any similar rule or regulation in any relevant jurisdiction, provided that such other rating agency is bound by confidentiality obligations no less stringent than those required under such Rule 17g-5), (C) any Commercial Paper dealer or provider of a surety, guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to a Conduit Purchaser or any entity organized for the purpose of purchasing, or making loans secured by, financial assets for which any Managing Agent or one of its Affiliates acts as the administrator, administrative agent or collateral agent, provided , that each such Person has been informed of the confidential nature of such Information and has agreed to keep such Information confidential, (D) any officers, directors, employees, outside accountants and attorneys of the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any Purchaser (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), or (E) pursuant to any law, rule, regulation, direction, request or order of any judicial, administrative or regulatory authority or proceedings (whether or not having the force or effect of law); provided , that to the extent permitted by applicable law or regulation, each of the Collateral Agent, each Managing Agent and each Purchaser agrees to notify the Seller Parties prior to (if reasonably practicable) or concurrently with its disclosure of such Information pursuant to Section 12.5(b)(i)(A) or Section 12.5(b)(i)(E) of this Agreement. Each of the Collateral Agent, each Managing Agent and each Purchaser acknowledges that it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material nonpublic information in accordance with applicable law, including United States federal and state securities laws. Section 12.6 Bankruptcy Petition . Each of Seller, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and each Committed Purchaser hereby covenants and agrees that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding senior Indebtedness of a Conduit Purchaser, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such Conduit Purchaser, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other similar proceeding under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States. 59 Section 12.7 Limitation of Liability; Limitation of Payment; No Recourse . (a) Notwithstanding any provisions contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, no Conduit Purchaser shall be obligated to pay any amount pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless such Conduit Purchaser has excess cash flow from operations or has received funds which may be used to make such payment and which funds or excess cash flow are not required to repay any of such Conduit Purchaser’s Commercial Paper when due. Any amount which any Conduit Purchaser does not pay pursuant to the operation of the preceding sentence shall not constitute a claim against such Conduit Purchaser for any such insufficiency but shall continue to accrue. Each party hereto agrees that the payment of any claim (as defined in Section 101 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code) of any such party shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all obligations of such Conduit Purchaser in respect of Commercial Paper. The agreements in this section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. (b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, the obligations of each Conduit Purchaser under the Transaction Documents are solely the corporate obligations of such Conduit Purchaser. No recourse shall be had for any obligation or claim arising out of or based upon any Transaction Document against any stockholder, employee, officer, director, incorporator, trustee, grantor, noteholder, member, manager or agent of such Conduit Purchaser. The agreements in this section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. (c) Except with respect to any claim arising out of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Conduit Purchasers, the Managing Agents, the Collateral Agent, or any Committed Purchaser, no claim may be made by any Seller Party or any other Person against any Conduit Purchaser, the Collateral Agent or any Committed Purchaser or their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agents for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and each Seller Party hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue upon any claim for any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. Section 12.8 CHOICE OF LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS (AND NOT THE LAW OF CONFLICTS OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW) OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PERFECTION OF THE PURCHASERS’ SECURITY INTEREST IN THE PURCHASER INTERESTS IS GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF ANOTHER STATE, AS REQUIRED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Section 12.9 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . EACH SELLER PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH PERSON PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OF SELLER PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT OR THAT SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT OF THE 60 COLLATERAL AGENT, THE MANAGING AGENTS OR ANY PURCHASER TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY SELLER PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO REALIZE ON THE INTERESTS OF THE PURCHASERS AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT IN ANY RECEIVABLES, RELATED SECURITY OR PROCEEDS THEREOF. ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY ANY SELLER PARTY AGAINST THE COLLATERAL AGENT, ANY MANAGING AGENT OR ANY PURCHASER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY SUCH PARTIES INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH SELLER PARTY PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A COURT IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK . Section 12.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY THE SELLER PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER . Section 12.11 Integration; Binding Effect; Survival of Terms . (a) This Agreement and each other Transaction Document contain the final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof superseding all prior oral or written understandings. (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns (including any trustee in bankruptcy). This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms and shall remain in full force and effect until terminated in accordance with its terms; provided , however , that the rights and remedies with respect to (i) any breach of any representation and warranty made by any Seller Party pursuant to Article IV , (ii) the indemnification and payment provisions of Article IX , and Sections 12.5 and 12.6 shall be continuing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement. Section 12.12 Counterparts; Severability; Section References . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Any provisions of this Agreement which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all references herein to “Article,” “Section,” “Schedule” or “Exhibit” shall mean articles and sections of, and schedules and exhibits to, this Agreement. Section 12.13 Agent Roles . (a) JPMorgan Chase Roles . Each of the Committed Purchasers acknowledges that JPMorgan Chase acts, or may in the future act, (i) as administrative agent or administrative trustee for one or more of the Conduit Purchasers, (ii) as Managing Agent for one or more of the Conduit Purchasers, (iii) as issuing and paying agent for one or more Conduit Purchaser’s Commercial Paper, (iv) to provide credit or 61 liquidity enhancement for the timely payment for one or more Conduit Purchaser’s Commercial Paper and (v) to provide other services from time to time for some or all of the Purchasers (collectively, the “ JPMorgan Chase Roles ”). Without limiting the generality of this Section 12.13(a) , each Committed Purchaser hereby acknowledges and consents to any and all JPMorgan Chase Roles and agrees that in connection with any JPMorgan Chase Role, JPMorgan Chase may take, or refrain from taking, any action that it, in its discretion, deems appropriate, including, without limitation, in its role as administrative agent or administrative trustee for the related Conduit Purchasers, and the giving of notice of a mandatory purchase pursuant its Liquidity Agreement. (b) Managing Agent Institution Roles . Each of the Committed Purchasers acknowledges that each Committed Purchaser that serves as a Managing Agent hereunder (a “ Managing Agent Institution ”) acts, or may in the future act, (i) as Managing Agent for a Conduit Purchaser or Conduit Purchasers, (ii) as issuing and paying agent for such Conduit Purchaser’s Commercial Paper, (iii) to provide credit or liquidity enhancement for the timely payment for such Conduit Purchaser’s Commercial Paper and (iv) to provide other services from time to time for some or all of the Purchasers (collectively, the “ Managing Agent Institution Roles ”). Without limiting the generality of this Section 12.13(b) , each Committed Purchaser hereby acknowledges and consents to any and all Managing Agent Institution Roles and agrees that in connection with any Managing Agent Institution Role, the applicable Managing Agent Institution may take, or refrain from taking, any action that it, in its discretion, deems appropriate, including, without limitation, in its role as administrative agent for the related Conduit Purchasers, if any, and the giving of notice to the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent of a mandatory purchase pursuant to its Liquidity Agreement. Section 12.14 Characterization . (a) It is the intention of the parties hereto that each purchase hereunder shall constitute and be treated as an absolute and irrevocable sale, which purchase shall provide the applicable Purchaser with the full benefits of ownership of the applicable Purchaser Interest. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, each sale of a Purchaser Interest hereunder is made without recourse to Seller; provided , however , that (i) Seller shall be liable to each Purchaser and the Collateral Agent for all representations, warranties and covenants made by Seller pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) such sale does not constitute and is not intended to result in an assumption by any Purchaser or the Collateral Agent or any assignee thereof of any obligation of Seller or the Originator or any other person arising in connection with the Receivables, the Related Security, or the related Contracts, or any other obligations of Seller or the Originator. (b) The Seller hereby grants to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Purchasers a valid and perfected security interest in all of Seller’s right, title and interest in, to and under all Receivables now existing or hereafter arising, the Collections, each Collection Account, all Related Security, all other rights and payments relating to such Receivables, all of Seller’s rights under the Receivables Sale Agreement and all proceeds of any thereof to secure the prompt and complete payment of the Aggregate Unpaids. After an Amortization Event, the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers shall have, in addition to the rights and remedies that they may have under this Agreement, all other rights and remedies provided to a secured creditor after default under the UCC and other applicable law, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative. The Seller represents and warrants that each remittance of Collections to the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any Purchaser hereunder has been (i) in payment of a debt incurred in the ordinary course of its business or financial affairs and (ii) made in the ordinary course of its business or financial affairs. Section 12.15 Amendment and Restatement; Consent to Amendment of Receivables Sale Agreement . This Agreement amends, restates and supersedes in its entirety the Original RPA and shall 62 not constitute a novation thereof. It is the intent of each of the parties hereto that all references to the Original RPA in any Transaction Document to which such party is a party and which becomes or remains effective on or after the date hereof shall be deemed to mean and be references to this Agreement. By its signature hereto, the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent consents to the terms of (1) the Third Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement of even date herewith between Apex Health Distribution, as seller and the Seller, as buyer and (2) the Reaffirmation, Termination and Assignment Agreement of even date herewith among [COMPANY], the Originator and the Seller. Section 12.16 Federal Reserve . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any Committed Purchaser may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights (including, without limitation, any Purchaser Interest and any rights to payment of Capital and Yield) under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Committed Purchaser to a Federal Reserve Bank, without notice to or consent of the Seller or the Collateral Agent; provided that no such pledge or grant of a security interest shall release a Committed Purchaser from any of its obligations hereunder, or substitute any such pledgee or grantee for such Committed Purchaser as a party hereto. Section 12.17 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Committed Purchaser that is subject to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “ Patriot Act ”) hereby notifies the Seller Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Seller Party, which information includes the name and address of each Seller Party and other information that will allow such Committed Purchaser to identify each Seller Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. 63 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date hereof. CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, as the Seller By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono Name: Nicholas L. Loiacono Title: [COMPANY], as the Servicer By: /s/ Willie C. Bogan Name: Willie C. Bogan Title: Secretary Signature Page to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 64 [COMPANY] (as successor in interest to JS SILOED TRUST), as a Conduit Purchaser By: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as administrative trustee By: /s/ Corina Mills Name: Corina Mills Title: Executive Director JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Committed Purchaser, a Managing Agent and as Collateral Agent By: /s/ Corina Mills Name: Corina Mills Title: Executive Director Signature Page to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 65 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Committed Purchaser and a Managing Agent By: /s/ Nina Austin Name: Nina Austin Title: Vice President Signature Page to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 66 [COMPANY], as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Jill A. Russo Name: Jill A. Russo Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ John Mathews Name: John Mathews Title: Director – Corporate Banking Signature Page to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 67 GOTHAM FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Frank B. Bilotta Name: Frank B. Bilotta Title: President THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Managing Agent By: /s/ Aditya Reddy Name: Aditya Reddy Title: Managing Director THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Committed Purchaser By: /s/ Thomas Danielson Name: Thomas Danielson Title: Authorized Signatory Signature Page to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 68 NIEUW AMSTERDAM RECEIVABLES CORPORATION, as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Damian Perez Name: Damian Perez Title: Vice President COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN- BOERENLEENBANK B.A., “RABOBANK INTERNATIONAL”, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Committed Purchaser and a Managing Agent By: /s/ Izumi Fukushima Name: Izumi Fukushima Title: Executive Director By: /s/ Christopher Lew Name: Christopher Lew Title: Vice President Signature Page to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 69 [COMPANY], as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Doris J. Hearn Name: Doris J. Hearn Title: Vice President PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ Dale Stein Name: Dale Stein Title: Senior Vice President Signature Page to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 70 [COMPANY], as a Conduit Purchaser By: /s/ Damian Perez Name: Damian Perez Title: Vice President HSBC SECURITIES (USA), INC., as a Managing Agent By: /s/ Robert Wainwright Name: Robert Wainwright Title: [COMPANY], as a Committed Purchaser By: /s/ P. Florence Name: P. Florence Title: Global Relationship Manager Signature Page to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 71 FIFTH THIRD BANK, as a Committed Purchaser and as Managing Agent By: /s/ Andrew D. Jones Name: Andrew D. Jones Title: Vice President Signature Page to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 72 EXHIBIT I DEFINITIONS As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): “ Accrual Period ” means each calendar month, provided that the initial Accrual Period hereunder means the period from (and including) the date of the initial purchase hereunder to (and including) the last day of the calendar month thereafter. “ Adverse Claim ” means a lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance, or other right or claim in, of or on any Person’s assets or properties in favor of any other Person (other than Permitted Liens). “ Affected Committed Purchaser ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.1(c) . “ Affiliate ” means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person owns 10% or more of any class of voting securities of the controlled Person or possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person, whether through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise. “ [COMPANY] ” means, at any time, the sum of all Capital of all Purchaser Interests. “ Aggregate Reduction ” has the meaning specified in Section 1.3 . “ Aggregate Reserves ” means, on any date of determination, the sum of the Loss Reserve, the Discount and Servicing Fee Reserve and the Dilution Reserve. “ Aggregate Unpaids ” means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of all Capital and all other unpaid Obligations (whether due or accrued) at such time. “ Agreement ” means this Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time. “ Amortization Date ” means the earliest to occur of (i) the day on which any of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.2 are not satisfied, (ii) the Business Day immediately prior to the occurrence of an Amortization Event set forth in Section 8.1(d) , (iii) the Business Day specified in a written notice from the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 8.2 following the occurrence of any other Amortization Event, and (iv) the date which is sixty (60) Business Days after the Collateral Agent’s receipt of written notice from Seller that it wishes to terminate the facility evidenced by this Agreement. “ Amortization Event ” has the meaning specified in Article VIII . “ Applicable Margin ” means, on any date and with respect to each funding made at the LIBO Rate (x) by a Purchaser that is a member of a [COMPANY], the rate per annum set forth in the Fee Letter and (y) by a Purchaser that is a member of a [COMPANY], 2.00% per annum. “ Assignment Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1(b) . 73I- “ Authorized Officer ” shall mean, with respect to any Seller Party, its respective corporate controller, treasurer, assistant treasurer, vice president-finance or chief financial officer and, in addition, in the case of the Seller, its president so long as the president retains the duties of a financial officer of the Seller. “ [COMPANY] ” means, each [COMPANY] listed on Schedule A hereto as a “[COMPANY]”, or in any Assignment Agreement or Joinder Agreement as a “[COMPANY]”, or which has been designated in writing to the Seller and the Agent as a “[COMPANY]” by the Managing Agent thereof with the written approval of the Seller (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). “ Base Rate ” means a fluctuating interest rate per annum as shall be in effect from time to time, which rate shall at all times be equal to the highest of: (i) the Prime Rate, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50% and (iii) the LIBO Rate for a Tranche Period of one month. “ Broken Funding Costs ” means for any Purchaser Interest which: (i) has its Capital reduced without compliance by the Seller with the notice requirements hereunder or (ii) does not become subject to an Aggregate Reduction following the delivery of any Reduction Notice or (iii) is assigned under Article XI or terminated prior to the date on which it was originally scheduled to end; an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (A) Yield that would have accrued during the remainder of the Tranche Periods determined by the Collateral Agent or the applicable Managing Agent to relate to such Purchaser Interest (as applicable) subsequent to the date of such reduction or termination (or in respect of clause (ii) above, the date such Aggregate Reduction was designated to occur pursuant to the Reduction Notice) of the Capital of such Purchaser Interest if such reduction, assignment or termination had not occurred or such Reduction Notice had not been delivered, over (B) the sum of (x) to the extent all or a portion of such Capital is allocated to another Purchaser Interest, the amount of Yield actually accrued during the remainder of such period on such Capital for the new Purchaser Interest, and (y) to the extent such Capital is not allocated to another Purchaser Interest, the income, if any, actually received during the remainder of such period by the holder of such Purchaser Interest from investing the portion of such Capital not so allocated. All Broken Funding Costs shall be due and payable hereunder upon demand. “ Business Day ” means any day on which banks are not authorized or required to close in New York, New York, Midland, Kansas or Chicago, Illinois and [COMPANY] of New York is open for business, and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any computation or payment to be made with respect to the LIBO Rate, any day on which dealings in dollar deposits are carried on in the London interbank market. “ Capital ” of any Purchaser Interest means, at any time, (A) the Purchase Price of such Purchaser Interest, minus (B) the sum of the aggregate amount of Collections and other payments received by the Collateral Agent which in each case has been applied to reduce such Capital in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided , that such Capital shall be restored (in accordance with Section 2.5 ) in the amount of any Collections or other payments so received and applied if at any time the distribution of such Collections or payments are rescinded, returned or refunded for any reason. “ Change of Control ” means, (i) with respect to Apex Health Distribution, the acquisition by any Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of 51% or more of the outstanding shares of voting stock of Apex Health Distribution (other than any such acquisition which occurs as part of a transaction consisting of (x) Apex Health Distribution becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (y) the holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following such transaction are substantially the same as the holders of Apex Health Distribution’s voting stock immediately prior to such transaction) 74I- and (ii) with respect the Seller, Apex Health Distribution’s failure to directly own 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Seller. “ Collateral Agent ” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. “ Collection Account ” means each concentration account, depositary account, lock-box account or similar account in which any Collections are collected or deposited and which is listed on Exhibit I to the Fee Letter (as updated from time to time by written notice to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 6.2(b) ). “ Collection Account Agreement ” means an agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Collateral Agent, among the Originator, Seller, the Collateral Agent and a Collection Bank. “ Collection Bank ” means, at any time, any of the banks holding one or more Collection Accounts. “ Collection Notice ” means a notice, in substantially the form attached to, or otherwise conforming the requirements set forth in, the applicable Collection Account Agreement, from the Collateral Agent to a Collection Bank. “ Collection Period ” means each calendar month. “ Collections ” means, with respect to any Receivable, all cash collections and other cash proceeds in respect of such Receivable, including, without limitation, all yield, finance charges or other related amounts accruing in respect thereof and all cash proceeds of Related Security with respect to such Receivable. “ Commercial Paper ” means promissory notes of any Conduit Purchaser issued by such Conduit Purchaser in the commercial paper market. “ Commitment ” means, for each Committed Purchaser, the commitment of such Committed Purchaser to purchase its Pro Rata Share of Purchaser Interests from (i) Seller and (ii) the Conduit Purchasers, such Pro Rata Share not to exceed, in the aggregate, the amount set forth opposite such Committed Purchaser’s name on Schedule A to this Agreement, as such amount may be modified in accordance with the terms hereof. “ Committed Purchaser ” means, as to any [COMPANY], each of the financial institutions listed on Schedule A hereto as a “Committed Purchaser” for such [COMPANY], or in any Assignment Agreement or Joinder Agreement as a “Committed Purchaser” for the applicable [COMPANY], together with its respective successors and permitted assigns. “ Concentration Limit ” means, at any time, for any Obligor, the maximum amount of Receivables owned by the Seller which may be owing from such Obligor, which at any time shall be equal to such Obligor’s Standard Concentration Limit or Special Concentration Limit, as applicable by definition to such Obligor; provided , that in the case of an Obligor and any Affiliate of such Obligor, the Concentration Limit shall be calculated as if such Obligor and such Affiliate are one Obligor. “ Conduit Purchaser ” means, as to any [COMPANY], each of the Persons listed on Schedule A hereto as a “Conduit Purchaser” for such [COMPANY], or in any Assignment Agreement or Joinder Agreement as a “Conduit Purchaser” for the applicable [COMPANY], together with its respective successors and permitted assigns. For purposes of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document, 75I- the term “Conduit Purchaser” shall, as the context may require, include and be a reference to (i) any Person that acquires or maintains, directly or indirectly, an interest in a Purchaser Interest hereunder and/or (ii) any Person that issues promissory notes in the commercial paper market to enable a Person described in clause (i) hereof to acquire and maintain an interest in a Purchaser Interest hereunder that is administered by the same Managing Agent as a Person described in clause (i) hereof. “ Contingent Obligation ” of a Person means any agreement, undertaking or arrangement by which such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses, contingently agrees to purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon, the obligation or liability of any other Person, or agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other financial condition of any other Person, or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person against loss, including, without limitation, any comfort letter, operating agreement, take-or-pay contract or application for a letter of credit. “ Contract ” means, with respect to any Receivable, any and all instruments, agreements, invoices or other writings pursuant to which such Receivable arises or which evidences such Receivable. “ [COMPANY] ” means, each [COMPANY] listed on Schedule A hereto as a “[COMPANY]”, or in any Assignment Agreement or Joinder Agreement as a “[COMPANY]”, or which has been designated in writing to the Seller and the Agent as a “[COMPANY]” by the Managing Agent thereof with the written approval of the Seller (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). “ CP Rate ” means, with respect to a Conduit Purchaser for any Tranche Period, the per annum rate equivalent to the weighted average cost (as determined by the related Managing Agent and which shall include commissions of placement agents and dealers, incremental carrying costs incurred with respect to Pooled Commercial Paper maturing on dates other than those on which corresponding funds are received by such Conduit Purchaser, other borrowings by such Conduit Purchaser (other than under any commercial paper program support agreement) and any other costs associated with the issuance of Pooled Commercial Paper) of or related to the issuance of Pooled Commercial Paper that are allocated, in whole or in part, by such Conduit Purchaser or its Managing Agent to fund or maintain its Purchaser Interests during such Tranche Period; provided, however, that if any component of such rate is a discount rate, in calculating the “CP Rate” for such Conduit Purchaser for such Purchaser Interest for such Tranche Period, such Conduit Purchaser shall for such component use the rate resulting from converting such discount rate to an interest-bearing equivalent rate per annum. “ Credit and Collection Policy ” means Seller’s credit and collection policies and practices relating to Contracts and Receivables existing on, and provided to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents on or prior to, the Effective Date, as modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. “ Daily Report ” means a report, in form and substance mutually acceptable to the Seller and the Managing Agents (appropriately completed), furnished by the Servicer to the Managing Agents on each Business Day pursuant to Section 7.5 , reflecting information for the second Business Day immediately preceding such Business Day. “ Debt Rating ” means, with respect to any Person at any time, the then current rating by S&P or Moody’s of such Person’s long-term public senior unsecured unsubordinated non-credit enhanced debt. “ Deemed Collections ” means the aggregate of all amounts Seller shall have been deemed to have received as a Collection of a Receivable. Seller shall be deemed (i) to have received a Collection of a Receivable, to the extent of the applicable reduction, if at any time the Outstanding Balance of any such Receivable is either (x) reduced as a result of any defective or rejected goods or services, any discount or 76I- any adjustment or otherwise by Seller (other than cash Collections on account of the Receivables) or (y) reduced or canceled as a result of a setoff in respect of any claim by any Person (whether such claim arises out of the same or a related transaction or an unrelated transaction) or (ii) to have received a Collection in full of a Receivable if at any time any of the representations or warranties in Article IV are no longer true with respect to such Receivable. “ Defaulted Receivable ” means a Receivable: (i) as to which the Obligor thereof has taken any action, or suffered any event to occur, of the type described in Section 8.1(d) (as if references to Seller Party therein refer to such Obligor); (ii) which, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, would be written off Seller’s books as uncollectible, (iii) which has been identified by Seller as uncollectible in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy or (iv) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for ninety one (91) days or more from the original due date for such payment. “ Default Fee ” means with respect to any amount due and payable by Seller in respect of any Aggregate Unpaids, an amount equal to the greater of (i) $1000 and (ii) interest on any such unpaid Aggregate Unpaids at a rate per annum equal to 2% above the Base Rate. “ Default Proxy Ratio ” means, as of the last day of any Collection Period, a fraction (calculated as a percentage) equal to (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables (without duplication) which remain unpaid for more than sixty (60) but less than ninety-one (91) or more days from the original due date at any time during the Collection Period then ending plus the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables (without duplication) which, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, were or should have been written off the Seller’s books as uncollectible and are less than ninety (90) days old during such period plus the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables (without duplication) with respect to which the related Obligors are subject to a proceeding of the type described in Section 8.1(d) but which have not yet been written off the Seller’s books as uncollectible, divided by (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables generated during the Collection Period which ended three (3) Collection Periods prior to such last day. “ Delinquency Ratio ” means, as of the last day of any Collection Period, a fraction (calculated as a percentage) equal to (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables that were Delinquent Receivables at such time and as of the last day of the two (2) preceding Collection Periods by (ii) the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables as of the last day of each of such three (3) Collection Periods. “ Delinquent Receivable ” means a Receivable as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for sixty one (61) days or more from the original due date for such payment. “ Designated Obligor ” means an Obligor indicated by the Collateral Agent to Seller in writing. “ Dilution Horizon Ratio ” means, as of any date as set forth in the most recent Monthly Report, a ratio computed by dividing (i) the sum of (x) the aggregate of all Receivables generated during the most recently ended Collection Period and (y) the product of 0.5 and the aggregate of all Receivables generated during the previous Collection Period by (ii) the Net Receivables Balance as of the last day of the most recently ended Collection Period. “ Dilution Ratio ” means, for any Collection Period, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) computed as of the last day of such Collection Period by dividing (i) an amount equal to the aggregate reductions in the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable as a result of any Dilutions during such Collection Period by (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables generated during the previous Collection Period. 77I- “ Dilution Reserve ” means, on any date, an amount equal to (x) the greater of (i) 3% and (ii) the Dilution Reserve Ratio then in effect times (y) the Net Receivables Balance as of the close of business on the immediately preceding Business Day. “ Dilution Reserve Ratio ” means, as of any date, an amount calculated as follows: DRR = [(2.25 × ADR) + [(HDR-ADR) × (HDR/ADR)]] × DHR where: DRR = the Dilution Reserve Ratio; ADR = the average of the Dilution Ratios for the past twelve Collection Periods; HDR = the highest average of the Dilution Ratios for any three consecutive Collection Periods during the most recent twelve months; and DHR = the Dilution Horizon Ratio. The Dilution Reserve Ratio shall be calculated monthly in each Monthly Report and such Dilution Reserve Ratio shall, absent manifest error, be effective from the corresponding Monthly Settlement Date until the next succeeding Monthly Settlement Date. “ Dilutions ” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of reductions or cancellations described in clause (i) of the definition of “Deemed Collections”, other than (a) the aggregate dollar amount of all reductions in the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables resulting from discounts earned by Obligors due to payments made by such Obligors on account of Receivables within their payment terms and (b) volume rebates. “ Discount and Servicing Fee Reserve ” means, on any date, the sum of (i) one and one-half of one percent (1.5%) times the lower of the Net Receivables Balance and the Purchase Limit as of the close of business on the immediately preceding Business Day plus (ii) the average outstanding amount of accrued and unpaid Yield and fees during the preceding Collection Period, such component to be calculated in each Monthly Report which component shall, absent manifest error, become effective from the corresponding Monthly Settlement Date until the next succeeding Monthly Settlement Date. The Collateral Agent shall estimate the component of the Discount and Servicing Fee Reserve described in clause (ii) above for the period from the initial purchase hereunder until the first Monthly Settlement Date. “ Discount Rate ” means the CP Rate, the LIBO Rate or the Base Rate, as applicable, with respect to each Purchaser Interest. “ Dollars ”, “ $ ” or “ U.S.$ ” means United States dollars. “ Earned Discounts ” means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the aggregate dollar amount of all rebate accruals resulting from volume discounts earned by Obligors for reasons other than payments made by such Obligors on account of Receivables within their payment terms and (b) an amount equal to the product of (i) 2.0% and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables (net of volume rebates). “ Effective Date ” means May 18, 2011. 78I- “ Eligible Receivable ” means, at any time, a Receivable: (i) the Obligor of which (a) if a corporation or other business organization, including any sole proprietorship, is organized under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof and has its chief executive office in the United States; provided , however , that nothing contained herein shall preclude any natural person from providing a personal guarantee in favor of a corporation or other business organization, including any sole proprietorship, with respect to any Receivable; (b) is not an Affiliate of any of the parties hereto; and (c) is not a Designated Obligor, (ii) the Obligor of which is not an Obligor on Defaulted Receivables, the balance of which exceeds twenty-five percent (25%) or more of such Obligor’s Receivables, (iii) which is not a Defaulted Receivable or a Delinquent Receivable, (iv) which (i) by its terms is due and payable within thirty (30) days of the original billing date therefor and has not had its payment terms extended or (ii) is an Extended Term Receivable, (v) which is an “account” within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the UCC of all applicable jurisdictions, (vi) which is denominated and payable only in United States dollars in the United States, (vii) which arises under a Contract in substantially the form of one of the form contracts which has been approved by the Collateral Agent in writing, which, together with such Receivable, is in full force and effect and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms subject to no offset, rescission, counterclaim or other defense, (viii) which arises under a Contract which (A) does not require the Obligor under such Contract to consent to the transfer, sale or assignment of the rights and duties of Seller under such Contract and (B) does not contain a confidentiality provision that purports to restrict the ability of any Purchaser to exercise its rights under this Agreement. (ix) which arises under a Contract that contains an obligation to pay a specified sum of money, contingent only upon the sale of goods or the provision of services by the Originator, which goods shall have been sold and delivered and which services shall have been fully performed, (x) which, together with the Contract related thereto, does not contravene any law, rule or regulation applicable thereto (including, without limitation, any law, rule and regulation relating to truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy) and with respect to which no part of the Contract related thereto is in violation of any such law, rule or regulation, (xi) which satisfies in all material respects all applicable requirements of the Credit and Collection Policy, (xii) which was generated in the ordinary course of Originator’s business pursuant to duly authorized Contracts, (xiii) which arises solely from the sale of goods or the provision of services, within the meaning of Section 3(c)(5) of the [COMPANY] Act of 1940, to the related Obligor by Originator, and not by any other Person (in whole or in part), (xiv) which has been validly transferred by the Originator to the Seller, and 79I- (xv) in which the Collateral Agent has a valid and perfected security interest. “ ERISA ” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. “ Extended Term Receivable ” means a Receivable which by its terms is due and payable more than thirty (30) but less than sixty-one (61) days after the original billing date therefor and has not had its payment terms extended. “ Extended Term Receivables Limit ” means, at any time, with respect to all Extended Term Receivables, an amount equal to the product of (i) 66.67% and (ii) the product of (A) the Loss Reserve Floor at such time and (B) the Net Receivables Balance as at the last day of the most recently ended Collection Period. “ Facility Termination Date ” means May 16, 2012, as such date may be extended from time to time pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 11.4 of this Agreement. “ Federal Bankruptcy Code ” means Title 11, United States Code (Bankruptcy), as now and/or hereinafter in effect, or any successor thereto. “ Federal Funds Rate ” means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period equal to (a) the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in the Composite Closing Quotations for U.S. Government Securities; or (b) if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations at approximately 10:30 a.m. (Chicago time) for such day on such transactions received by the Collateral Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. “ Fee Letter ” means that certain Tenth Amended and Restated Fee Letter dated as of the Effective Date among the Seller, the Originator, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time. “ Finance Charges ” means, with respect to a Contract, any finance, interest, late payment charges or similar charges owing by an Obligor pursuant to such Contract. “ Fitch ” means Fitch, Inc. and any successor thereto. “ Funding Agreement ” means this Agreement and any agreement or instrument executed by any Funding Source with or for the benefit of a Conduit Purchaser. “ Funding Source ” means (i) any Committed Purchaser or (ii) any insurance company, bank or other funding entity providing liquidity, credit enhancement or back-up purchase support or facilities to a Conduit Purchaser. “ Government Receivable ” means a Receivable, the Obligor of which is a government or a governmental subdivision or agency. “ Government Receivables Limit ” means (a) during a Level 1 Ratings Period, the Standard Concentration Limit or (b) during a Level 2 Ratings Period or a Level 3 Ratings Period, $0. 80I- “ Incremental Purchase ” means a purchase of one or more Purchaser Interests which increases the total outstanding Capital hereunder. “ Indebtedness ” of a Person means such Person’s (i) obligations for borrowed money, (ii) obligations representing the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Person’s business payable on terms customary in the trade), (iii) obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by liens or payable out of the proceeds or production from property now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person, (iv) obligations which are evidenced by notes, acceptances, or other instruments, (v) capitalized lease obligations, (vi) net liabilities under interest rate swap, exchange or cap agreements, (vii) Contingent Obligations and (viii) liabilities in respect of unfunded vested benefits under plans covered by Title IV of ERISA. “ Independent Director ” shall mean a member of the Board of Directors of the Seller who (i) is in fact independent, (ii) does not have any direct financial interest or any material indirect financial interest in the Seller or any Affiliate of the Seller and (iii) is not connected as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, director of person performing similar functions within the Seller, any Affiliate of the Seller or any Person with a material direct or indirect financial interest in the Seller. “ Joinder Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.3 . “ JPMorgan Chase ” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. “ Level 1 Ratings Period ” means any period of time during which Apex Health Distribution has two of the following Debt Ratings: (i) BBB- or higher by S&P, (ii) Baa3 or higher by Moody’s or (iii) BBB- or higher by Fitch. “ Level 2 Ratings Period ” means any period of time, other than a Level 1 Ratings Period, during which Apex Health Distribution has two of the following Debt Ratings (i) BB or higher by S&P, (ii) Ba2 or higher by Moody’s or (iii) BB or higher by Fitch. “ Level 3 Ratings Period ” means any period of time other than a Level 1 Ratings Period or a Level 2 Ratings Period. “ LIBO Business Day ” means a day of the year on which dealings in U.S. Dollar deposits are carried on the London interbank market. “ LIBO Rate ” means, (A) with respect to any Committed Purchaser in a [COMPANY], for any Tranche Period, the rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) (x) a rate of interest determined by a Managing Agent equal to the offered rate for deposits in Dollars, with a maturity comparable to such Tranche Period, appearing on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 (or any such screen as may replace such screen on such service or any successor to or substitute for such service, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided by such service, as determined by the related Managing Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates applicable to deposits in Dollars in the London interbank market) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on the second Business Day before the first day of such Tranche Period. In the event that such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the “LIBO Rate” for such Tranche Period shall be the rate at which deposits in Dollars in a principal amount which approximates the portion of the Capital of the Purchaser Interest to be funded or maintained (but not less than $1,000,000) and for a maturity comparable to such Tranche Period are offered by the related Reference Bank in immediately available funds in the London interbank market at 81I- approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on the second Business Day before (and for value on) the first day of such Tranche Period, divided by (y) one minus the reserve percentage applicable two Business Days before the first day of such Tranche Period under regulations issued from time to time by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) (or, if more than one such percentage shall be applicable, the daily average of such percentages for those days in such Tranche Period during which any such percentage shall be so applicable) for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including, without limitation, any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities (or with respect to any other category of liabilities that includes deposits by reference to which the interest rate on Eurocurrency Liabilities is determined) having a term equal to such Tranche Period plus (ii) the Applicable Margin, rounded, if necessary, to the next higher 1/16 of 1%; or (B) with respect to any Committed Purchaser in a [COMPANY], on any day during a Tranche Period, the rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) LMIR for such day plus (ii) the Applicable Margin, rounded, if necessary, to the next higher 1/16 of 1%. “ Liquidity Agreement ” means an agreement entered into by a Conduit Purchaser with one or more financial institutions in connection herewith for the purpose of providing liquidity with respect to the Capital funded by such Conduit Purchaser under this Agreement. “ LMIR ” means, for any day, the one-month “Eurodollar Rate” for deposits in Dollars as reported on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page or any other page that may replace such page from time to time for the purpose of displaying offered rates of leading banks for London interbank deposits in United States dollars, as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such date, or if such day is not a Business Day, then the immediately preceding Business Day (or if not so reported, then as determined by the relevant Managing Agent from another recognized source for interbank quotation), in each case, changing when and as such rate changes. “ Lock-Box ” means a locked postal box maintained by Apex Health Distribution, in its capacity as Servicer with respect to which a bank who has executed a Collection Account Agreement has been granted exclusive access for the purpose of retrieving and processing payments made on the Receivables and which is listed on Exhibit I to the Fee Letter (as updated from time to time by written notice to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 6.2(b) ). “ Loss Horizon Ratio ” means, for any Collection Period, a fraction (calculated as a percentage) computed by dividing (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables generated during the four and one-half most recently ended Collection Periods by (ii) the Net Receivables Balance as at the last day of the most recently ended Collection Period. “ Loss Reserve ” means, on any date, an amount equal to (x) the greater of (i) the Loss Reserve Floor at such time and (ii) the Loss Reserve Ratio then in effect times (y) the Net Receivables Balance as of the close of business on the immediately preceding Business Day. “ Loss Reserve Floor ” means 29%. “ Loss-to-Balance Ratio ” means, as of the last day of any Collection Period, a percentage equal to (i) the aggregate amount of Receivables which were Defaulted Receivables as of the last day of such Collection Period and as of the last day of the two (2) preceding Collection Periods plus , without duplication, the dollar amount of Receivables less than ninety (90) days past due which were written off as uncollectible during such three Collection Periods, divided by (ii) the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables as of the last day of such three (3) Collection Periods. 82I- “ Loss Reserve Ratio ” means, as of any date, an amount calculated as follows: LRR = 2.25 × DPR × LHR where LRR = the Loss Reserve Ratio; DPR = the highest average of the Default Proxy Ratios for any three consecutive Collection Periods during the most recent twelve months; and LHR = the Loss Horizon Ratio. The Loss Reserve Ratio shall be calculated monthly in each Monthly Report and such Loss Reserve Ratio shall, absent manifest error, be effective from the corresponding Monthly Settlement Date until the next succeeding Monthly Settlement Date. “ Managing Agent ” means, as to any [COMPANY], each of the Persons listed on Schedule A hereto as a “Managing Agent” for such [COMPANY], or in any Assignment Agreement or Joinder Agreement as a “Managing Agent” for the applicable [COMPANY], together with its respective successors and permitted assigns. “ Material Adverse Effect ” means a material adverse effect on (i) the financial condition or operations of any Seller Party and its Material Subsidiaries (except as otherwise disclosed to or discussed with the Managing Agents prior to the date hereof), (ii) the ability of any Seller Party to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (iii) the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (iv) any Purchaser’s interest in the Receivables generally or in any significant portion of the Receivables, the Related Security or the Collections with respect thereto, or (v) the collectibility of the Receivables generally or of any material portion of the Receivables; provided , that the insolvency of, or any other event with respect to, any Obligor or Obligors which results in the Eligible Receivables from such Obligor or Obligors ceasing to be Eligible Receivables shall not be deemed to have a “Material Adverse Effect” so long as (x) immediately after giving effect to such insolvency or event, as applicable, the Net Receivables Balance less the Aggregate Reserves equals or exceeds the [COMPANY], and (y) such insolvency or event, as applicable, does not materially adversely affect the ability of the initial Servicer to perform its obligations and duties under this Agreement. “ Material Subsidiary ” means, at any time, any Subsidiary of Apex Health Distribution having at such time ten percent (10%) or more of Apex Health Distribution’s consolidated total (gross) revenues for the preceding four fiscal quarter period, as of the last day of the preceding fiscal quarter based upon Apex Health Distribution’s most recent annual or quarterly financial statements delivered to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents under Section 6.1(a) . “ Apex Health Distribution ” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. “ Monthly Report ” means a report, in substantially the form provided to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents on the Effective Date or such other form as has been approved by the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents in writing, appropriately completed and furnished by the Servicer to the Managing Agents pursuant to Section 7.5 . “ Monthly Reporting Date ” means the fifteenth (15) day of each month, or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day. 83I- “ Monthly Settlement Date ” means the twentieth (20 th ) day of each month, or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. “ Net Receivables Balance ” means, at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such time (net of all Earned Discounts and quarterly volume rebates then in effect) reduced by (i) the aggregate amount by which the Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables of each Obligor and its Affiliates exceeds the Concentration Limit for such Obligor, (ii) the aggregate amount by which the Outstanding Balance of all Government Receivables exceeds the Government Receivables Limit and (iii) the aggregate amount by which the Outstanding Balance of all Extended Term Receivables exceeds the Extended Term Receivables Limit. “ Net Worth ” means the sum of a capital stock and additional paid in capital plus retained earnings (or minus accumulated deficits) of the Originator and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles on such date. “ Obligations ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 . “ Obligor ” means a Person obligated to make payments pursuant to a Contract. “ Originator ” means Apex Health Distribution, in its capacity as Seller under the Receivables Sale Agreement. “ Outstanding Balance ” of any Receivable at any time means the then outstanding principal balance thereof. “ Patriot Act ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12.17 . “ Permitted Liens ” means liens, security interests, charges or encumbrances, or other rights or claims in, of or on any Person’s assets or properties (i) in favor of Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent or Purchaser, (ii) for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges or levies, either not delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iii) of materialmen, mechanics, warehousemen, carriers or employees or other similar Adverse Claims arising by operation of law and securing obligations either not delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iv) consisting of deposits or pledges to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, public or statutory obligations, or other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business (other than for indebtedness), and (v) on deposit accounts (and the contents thereof), in favor of the financial institution at which such account is located, arising pursuant to such financial institution’s standard terms and conditions governing such account. “ Person ” means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. “ Pooled Commercial Paper ” means Commercial Paper notes of a Conduit Purchaser subject to any particular pooling arrangement by such Conduit Purchaser but excluding Commercial Paper issued by a Conduit Purchaser for a tenor and in an amount specifically requested by any Person in connection with any agreement effected by such Conduit Purchaser. “ Potential Amortization Event ” means an event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute an Amortization Event. 84I- “ Prime Rate ” means, with respect to any [COMPANY], the rate of interest announced publicly by the related Reference Bank from time to time as its prime or base rate (such rate not necessarily being the lowest or best rate charged by such Reference Bank). “ Proposed Reduction Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3 . “ Pro Rata Share ” means, for each Purchaser, as applicable, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), the numerator of which is the Capital associated with such Purchaser and the denominator of which is the [COMPANY]. “ Purchase Limit ” means $1,350,000,000. “ Purchase Notice ” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2 . “ Purchase Price ” means, with respect to any Incremental Purchase of a Purchaser Interest, the amount paid to Seller for such Purchaser Interest which shall not exceed the least of (i) the amount requested by Seller in the applicable Purchase Notice, (ii) the unused portion of the Purchase Limit on the applicable purchase date and (iii) the excess, if any, of the Net Receivables Balance (less the Aggregate Reserves) on the applicable purchase date over the aggregate outstanding amount of Capital determined as of the date of the most recent Monthly Report, taking into account such proposed Incremental Purchase. “ Purchaser ” means any Conduit Purchaser or Committed Purchaser, as applicable. “ [COMPANY] ” means a group consisting of either (x) one or more Conduit Purchasers, the related Committed Purchasers and the related Managing Agent or (y) one or more Committed Purchasers and the related Managing Agent. “ [COMPANY] Limit ” means, for any [COMPANY] at any time, the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Committed Purchasers in such [COMPANY] at such time. “ Purchaser Interest ” means, at any time, an undivided percentage ownership interest (computed as set forth below) associated with a designated amount of Capital, Discount Rate and Tranche Period selected pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof in (i) each and every Receivable, (ii) all Related Security with respect to the Receivables, and (iii) all Collections with respect to, and other proceeds of the Receivables. Each such undivided percentage interest shall equal: C NRB – AR where: C = the Capital associated with such Purchaser Interest AR = Aggregate Reserves NRB = the Net Receivables Balance. Such undivided percentage ownership interest shall be initially computed on its date of purchase. Thereafter, until its Amortization Date, each Purchaser Interest shall be automatically recomputed (or deemed to be recomputed) on each day prior to its Amortization Date. The variable percentage represented by any Purchaser Interest as computed (or deemed recomputed) as of the close of the business day immediately preceding its Amortization Date shall remain constant at all times after such Amortization Date. 85I- “ Rating Agency ” means each of S&P and Moody’s. “ Receivable ” means any indebtedness or obligations owed to Seller by an Obligor (without giving effect to any transfer or conveyance hereunder) or in which the Seller has a security interest or other interest, whether constituting an account, chattel paper, instrument or general intangible, arising in connection with the sale of pharmaceutical and other products and related services by the Originator to retail, chain and hospital pharmacies or drugstores and other healthcare facilities, and any other entities engaged in the sale or provision of pharmaceutical products and other products and related services, including, without limitation, the obligation to pay any Finance Charges with respect thereto. Indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any one transaction, including, without limitation, indebtedness and other rights and obligations represented by an individual invoice, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of the indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any other transaction. “ Receivables Dilution Ratio ” means, as of the last day of any Collection Period, a percentage equal to (i) the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of Dilutions plus (B) an amount equal to the product of (x) 2.0% and (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables (net of volume rebates) plus (C) the amount of volume rebates during such Collection Period and the two (2) preceding Collection Periods, divided by (ii) the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables as of the last day of each of such three (3) Collection Periods. “ Receivables Sale Agreement ” means that certain Third Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2011, between the Originator and the Seller (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time). “ Records ” means, with respect to any Receivable, all Contracts and other documents, books, records and other information (including, without limitation, computer programs, tapes, disks, punch cards, data processing software and related property and rights) relating to such Receivable, any Related Security therefor and the related Obligor. “ Reduction Notice ” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3 . “ Reference Bank ” means, with respect to any [COMPANY] at any time, the Committed Purchaser or Managing Agent in such [COMPANY] designated by the related Managing Agent to be the “Reference Bank” for such [COMPANY]. “ Reinvestment ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 . “ Related Security ” means, with respect to any Receivable: (i) all of Seller’s interest in the inventory and goods (including returned or repossessed inventory or goods), if any, the sale of which by Originator gave rise to such Receivable, and all insurance contracts with respect thereto, (i) all other security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time, if any, purporting to secure payment of such Receivable, whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, together with all financing statements and security agreements describing any collateral securing such Receivable, (ii) all guaranties, insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such Receivable whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, 86I- (iii) all service contracts and other contracts and agreements associated with such Receivable, (iv) all Records related to such Receivable, (v) all of Seller’s right, title and interest in, to and under the Receivables Sale Agreement in respect of such Receivable, and (vi) all proceeds of any of the foregoing. “ [COMPANY] Amount ” means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the Net Receivables Balance multiplied by 3%. “ Required Committed Purchasers ” means, at any time, Committed Purchasers with Commitments in excess of 66-2/3% of the Purchase Limit. “ Required Notice Period ” means, with respect to any Incremental Purchase or Aggregate Reduction, no later than 12:00 noon (Chicago time) on the Business Day immediately prior to the Business Day on which such Incremental Purchase or Aggregate Reduction, as applicable, is to occur. “ Revolving Credit Agreement ” means that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2007 among Apex Health Distribution and [COMPANY], as Borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase and Wachovia Bank, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents, Wachovia Bank, N.A., as L/C Issuer, Scotia and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., Seattle Branch, as Co-Documentation Agents, the other Lenders party thereto and Banc of [COMPANY], as sole Lead Arranger and sole Book Manager (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) providing a five year revolving credit facility in favor of Apex Health Distribution. “ S&P ” means Standard & Poor’s [COMPANY], a Standard & Poor’s [COMPANY] business. “ Seller ” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. “ Seller Interest ” means, at any time, an undivided percentage ownership interest of Seller in the Receivables, Related Security and all Collections with respect thereto equal to (i) one, minus (ii) the aggregate of the Purchaser Interests. “ Seller Parties ” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. “ Servicer ” means at any time the Person (which may be the Collateral Agent) then authorized pursuant to Article VIII to service, administer and collect Receivables. “ Servicer Default ” means any Amortization Event occurring with respect to the Servicer. “ Servicing Fee ” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6 of this Agreement. “ Settlement Date ” means (A) the Monthly Settlement Date and (B) the last day of the relevant Tranche Period in respect of each Purchaser Interest. “ Special Concentration Limit ” means, at any time, with respect to any Special Obligor (together with its Affiliates or subsidiaries), the product of (i) the applicable percentage set forth below corresponding to Moody’s and S&P short-term debt ratings for such Special Obligor at such time or such 87I- percentage as may be otherwise set forth below with respect to such Special Obligor and (ii) the Net Receivables Balance at such time: Special Obligors with ratings at or above: S&P Rating Moody’s Rating Percentage A-1+ and P-1 14.50 % A-1 and P-1 9.57 % A-2 or lower or unrated and P-2 or lower or unrated 7.25 % provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing grid: (a) (i) for so long as the short-term public debt rating of CVS/[COMPANY] from S&P is “A-2” or higher and “P-2” or higher from Moody’s, the Special Concentration Limit for CVS/[COMPANY] shall be 14.50%, (ii) for so long as the short-term public debt rating of CVS/[COMPANY] is “A-3” from S&P and “P-3” from Moody’s, the Special Concentration Limit for CVS/[COMPANY] shall be 9.57% and (iii) for so long as the short-term public debt rating of CVS/[COMPANY] is below “A-3” from S&P or below “P-3” from Moody’s or for so long as CVS/[COMPANY] is unrated by either S&P or Moody’s, the Special Concentration Limit for CVS/[COMPANY] shall be 7.25%; (b) (i) for so long as the short-term public debt rating of [COMPANY]. from S&P is “A-3” or higher and from Moody’s is “P-3” or higher, the Special Concentration Limit for [COMPANY]. shall be the product of (x) 9.57% and (y) the Net Receivables Balance at such time and (ii) for so long as the short-term public debt rating of [COMPANY]. is below “A-3” from S&P or below “P-3” from Moody’s, or if the public debt of [COMPANY]. is unrated by either of Moody’s or S&P, the Standard Concentration Limit shall apply to such Obligor; (c) for so long as the short-term public debt rating of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. from S&P is “A-1+” or higher and from Moody’s is “P-1” or higher, the Special Concentration Limit for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. shall be the product of (x) 21.75% and (y) the Net Receivables Balance at such time; and provided , further , that any Managing Agent may, upon not less than five (5) Business Days’ notice to Seller, cancel or reduce any Special Concentration Limit. In the event that any Special Obligor is or becomes an Affiliate of another Special Obligor, the Special Concentration Limit for such Special Obligors shall be calculated as if such Obligors were a single Obligor in the same manner as contemplated under the definition of “Concentration Limit”. “ Special Obligor ” means Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., CVS/[COMPANY], [COMPANY], Walgreen Co., Safeway, Inc. and such other Special Obligors as may be designated by the Managing Agents from time to time. “ Standard Concentration Limit ” means, at any time, with respect to any Obligor other than a Special Obligor, the product of (i) 4.35% and (ii) the Net Receivables Balance at such time. “ Subsidiary ” of a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50% of the outstanding securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any partnership, association, joint venture or similar business organization more than 50% of the 88I- ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled. Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a “Subsidiary” shall mean a Subsidiary of Seller. “ Terminating Committed Purchaser ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.5 . “ Terminating Tranche ” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(b) . “ Termination Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.5 . “ Termination Percentage ” means, with respect to any Terminating Committed Purchaser, a percentage equal to (i) the Capital of such Terminating Committed Purchaser outstanding on its respective Termination Date, divided by (ii) the [COMPANY] outstanding on such Termination Date. “ Total Capitalization ” means, on any date, the sum of (a) Total Debt and (b) the Net Worth on such date. “ Total Debt ” means, on any date, the difference of (i) all “Indebtedness” (as such term is defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) of the Originator and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis minus (ii) all such “Indebtedness” comprised of the Indebtedness incurred by the Seller under the Transaction Documents. “ Tranche Period ” means, with respect to any Purchaser Interest held by a Committed Purchaser: (a) if Yield for such Purchaser Interest is calculated on the basis of the LIBO Rate, (x) with respect to a Committed Purchaser in a [COMPANY], a period of one, two, three or six months, or such other period as may be mutually agreeable to the applicable Managing Agent and Seller, commencing on a Business Day selected by Seller or such Managing Agent pursuant to this Agreement. Such Tranche Period shall end on the day in the applicable succeeding calendar month which corresponds numerically to the beginning day of such Tranche Period, provided , however , that if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such succeeding month, such Tranche Period shall end on the last Business Day of such succeeding month; or (y) with respect to a Committed Purchaser in a [COMPANY], each Accrual Period; or (b) if Yield for such Purchaser Interest is calculated on the basis of the Base Rate, a period commencing on a Business Day selected by Seller and agreed to by the applicable Managing Agent, provided no such period shall exceed one month. If any Tranche Period would end on a day which is not a Business Day, such Tranche Period shall end on the next succeeding Business Day, provided , however, that in the case of Tranche Periods corresponding to the LIBO Rate, if such next succeeding Business Day falls in a new month, such Tranche Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the case of any Tranche Period for any Purchaser Interest of which commences before the Amortization Date and would otherwise end on a date occurring after the Amortization Date, such Tranche Period shall end on the Amortization Date. The duration of each Tranche Period which commences after the Amortization Date shall be of such duration as selected by the applicable Managing Agent. In no event shall any Tranche Period extend beyond the Facility Termination Date. “ Transaction Documents ” means, collectively, this Agreement, each Purchase Notice, the Receivables Sale Agreement, each Collection Account Agreement, the Fee Letter, each Liquidity 89I- Agreement and all other instruments, documents and agreements executed and delivered in connection herewith. “ UCC ” means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the specified jurisdiction. “ Weekly Report ” means a report, in form and substance mutually acceptable to the Seller and the Managing Agents (appropriately completed), furnished by the Servicer to the Managing Agents on each Weekly Reporting Date pursuant to Section 7.5 , reflecting information for the seven (7) day period ending on the day immediately preceding such Weekly Reporting Date. “ Weekly Reporting Date ” means each Wednesday (or if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day). “ Yield ” means for each respective Tranche Period relating to Purchaser Interests, an amount equal to the product of the applicable Discount Rate for each Purchaser Interest multiplied by the Capital of such Purchaser Interest for each day elapsed during such Tranche Period, annualized on a 360 day basis. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All terms used in Article 9 of the UCC in the State of New York or California, as applicable, and not specifically defined herein, are used herein as defined in such Article 9. 90I- EXHIBIT II FORM OF PURCHASE NOTICE [Date] [Insert Names and Addresses of Managing Agents] Re: Purchase Notice Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned refers to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2011 (the “ Receivables Purchase Agreement ,” the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the undersigned, as Seller and Apex Health Distribution, as initial Servicer, the “Conduit Purchasers” from time to time party thereto, the “Committed Purchasers” from time to time party thereto, the “Managing Agents” from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent for the Purchasers, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant to Section 1.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, that the undersigned hereby requests an Incremental Purchase under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such Incremental Purchase (the “ Proposed Purchase ”) as required by Section 1.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement: (i) The Business Day of the Proposed Purchase is [insert purchase date], which date gives effect to the applicable Required Notice Period.[ ] (ii) The requested Purchase Price in respect of the Proposed Purchase is $ . (iii) If the Proposed Purchase to be funded by the Committed Purchasers, the requested Discount Rate is and the requested Tranche Period is . (iv) The requested maturity date for the Tranche Period is . The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the Proposed Purchase (before and after giving effect to the Proposed Purchase): (i) the representations and warranties of the undersigned set forth in Section 5.1 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date of such Proposed Purchase as though made on and as of such date; (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Proposed Purchase, that will constitute an Amortization Event or a Potential Amortization Event; and (iii) the Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred, the aggregate Capital of all Purchaser Interests shall not exceed the Purchase Limit and the aggregate Receivable Interests shall not exceed 100%. 91II- Very truly yours, CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION By: Name: Title: 92II- EXHIBIT II-A FORM OF REDUCTION NOTICE [Date] [Insert Names of Managing Agents] Re: Reduction Notice Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is hereby made to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2011, by and among [COMPANY] (the “ Seller ”), Apex Health Distribution, as servicer, the Conduit Purchasers from time to time party thereto, the Committed Purchasers from time to time party thereto, the Managing Agents from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent (the “ Receivables Purchase Agreement ”). Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Receivables Purchase Agreement. The Managing Agents are hereby notified of the following Aggregate Reduction: Aggregate Reduction: $ [ ] Proposed Reduction Date: [ ] [ ] The Aggregate Reduction will be made in available funds (by 12:00 noon New York City time) to: [Insert Names and Wiring Instructions for Managing Agents] After giving effect to such Aggregate Reduction made on the Proposed Reduction Date, the [COMPANY] is $[ — ]. Very truly yours, CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION By: Name: Title: 93II-A- EXHIBIT III PLACES OF BUSINESS OF THE SELLER PARTIES; LOCATIONS OF RECORDS; FEDERAL EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER(S) [COMPANY] Principal Place of Business One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Midland, Kansas CA 94104 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Location of Records One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Customer and [COMPANY] 1220 Senlac Drive Carrollton, TX 75006 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Customer and [COMPANY] 1220 Senlac Drive Carrollton, TX 75006 FEIN 94-3269972 87-3207296 94III- EXHIBIT IV [RESERVED.] 95IV- EXHIBIT V FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE To: [Insert Names of Managing Agents] This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of May 18, 2011 among [COMPANY] (the “ Seller ”), Apex Health Distribution (the “ Servicer ”), the “Conduit Purchasers” from time to time party thereto, the “Committed Purchasers” from time to time party thereto, the “Managing Agents” from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent for the Purchasers (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Agreement ”). THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT: 1. I am the duly elected of Seller. 2. I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of Seller and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements. 3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the existence of any condition or event which constitutes an Amortization Event or Potential Amortization Event, as each such term is defined under the Agreement, during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Certificate, except as set forth in paragraph 5 below. 4. Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations evidencing the compliance with certain covenants of the Agreement, all of which data and computations are true, complete and correct. 5. Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which Seller has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event: [describe event(s)] The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I hereto and the financial statements delivered with this Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered this day of , . Name: Title: 96V- SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE A. Schedule of Compliance as of , with Section of the Agreement. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. This schedule relates to the month ended: 97V- EXHIBIT VI FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT THIS ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT is entered into as of the [ ] day of [ , ], by and between (“ Seller ”) and (“ Purchaser ”). PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS A. This Assignment Agreement is being executed and delivered in accordance with Section 11.1(b) of that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of May 18, 2011 by and among [COMPANY], as Seller, Apex Health Distribution, as Servicer, the “Conduit Purchasers” from time to time party thereto, the “Committed Purchasers” from time to time party thereto, the “Managing Agents” from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent for the Purchasers (as amended, modified or restated from time to time, the “ Purchase Agreement ”). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings set forth or incorporated by reference in the Purchase Agreement. B. The Seller is a Committed Purchaser party to the Purchase Agreement, and the Purchaser wishes to become a Committed Purchaser thereunder; and C. The Seller is selling and assigning to the Purchaser an undivided % (the “ Transferred Percentage ”) interest in all of Seller’s rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the Seller’s Commitment, the Seller’s obligations under [ describe applicable Liquidity Agreement ] and (if applicable) the Capital of the Seller’s Purchaser Interests as set forth herein; The parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 1. This sale, transfer and assignment effected by this Assignment Agreement shall become effective (the “ Effective Date ”) two (2) Business Days (or such other date selected by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion) following the date on which a notice substantially in the form of Schedule II to this Assignment Agreement (“ Effective Notice ”) is delivered by the Collateral Agent to the Conduit Purchasers, the Seller and the Purchaser. From and after the Effective Date, the Purchaser shall be a Committed Purchaser party to the Purchase Agreement for all purposes thereof as if the Purchaser were an original party thereto and the Purchaser agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions contained therein. 2. If the Seller has no outstanding Capital under the Purchase Agreement, on the Effective Date, Seller shall be deemed to have hereby transferred and assigned to the Purchaser, without recourse, representation or warranty (except as provided in paragraph 6 below), and the Purchaser shall be deemed to have hereby irrevocably taken, received and assumed from the Seller, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller’s Commitment and all rights and obligations associated therewith under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller’s future funding obligations under Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement. 3. If the Seller has any outstanding Capital under the Purchase Agreement, at or before 12:00 noon, local time of the Seller, on the Effective Date the Purchaser shall pay to the Seller, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Transferred Percentage of the outstanding Capital of the Seller’s Purchaser Interests (such amount, being hereinafter referred to as the “ Purchaser’s Capital ”); (ii) all accrued but unpaid (whether or not then due) Yield attributable to the 98VI- Purchaser’s Capital; and (iii) accruing but unpaid fees and other costs and expenses payable in respect of the Purchaser’s Capital for the period commencing upon each date such unpaid amounts commence accruing, to and including the Effective Date (the “ Purchaser’s Acquisition Cost ”); whereupon, the Seller shall be deemed to have sold, transferred and assigned to the Purchaser, without recourse, representation or warranty (except as provided in paragraph 6 below), and the Purchaser shall be deemed to have hereby irrevocably taken, received and assumed from the Seller, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller’s Commitment and the Capital of the Seller’s Purchaser Interests (if applicable) and all related rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller’s future funding obligations under Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement. 4. Concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, the Seller will provide to the Purchaser copies of all documents requested by the Purchaser which were delivered to such Seller pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 5. Each of the parties to this Assignment Agreement agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Assignment Agreement. 6. By executing and delivering this Assignment Agreement, the Seller and the Purchaser confirm to and agree with each other, the Collateral Agent and the Committed Purchasers as follows: (a) other than the representation and warranty that it has not created any Adverse Claim upon any interest being transferred hereunder, the Seller makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made by any other Person in or in connection with the Purchase Agreement or the Transaction Documents or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Purchaser, the Purchase Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto or the perfection, priority, condition, value or sufficiency of any collateral; (b) the Seller makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of the Seller, any Obligor, any Seller Affiliate or the performance or observance by the Seller, any Obligor, any Seller Affiliate of any of their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto or in connection therewith; (c) the Purchaser confirms that it has received a copy of the Transaction Documents, together with such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment Agreement; (d) the Purchaser will, independently and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent, the Conduit Purchasers, the Seller or any other Committed Purchaser or Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents; (e) the Purchaser appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such action as collateral agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Transaction Documents as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; (f) the Purchaser appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such action as collateral agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Transaction Documents as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (g) the Purchaser agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which, by the terms of the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents, are required to be performed by it as a Committed Purchaser or, when applicable, as a Purchaser. 99VI- 7. Each party hereto represents and warrants to and agrees with the Collateral Agent that it is aware of and will comply with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation, Sections 4.1 and 14.6 thereof. 8. Schedule I hereto sets forth the revised Commitment of the Seller and the Commitment of the Purchaser, as well as administrative information with respect to the Purchaser. 9. THIS ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 10. The Purchaser hereby covenants and agrees that, prior to the date which is one year and one day after the payment in full of all senior indebtedness for borrowed money of the Conduits, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, any Conduit, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other similar proceeding under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Assignment Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers of the date hereof. [SELLER] By: Name: Title: [PURCHASER] By: Name: Title: 100VI- SCHEDULE I TO ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT LIST OF LENDING OFFICES, ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES AND COMMITMENT AMOUNTS Date : , Transferred Percentage : % A-1 A-2 B-1 B-2 Seller Commitment [existing] Commitment [revised] [COMPANY] (if any) Ratable Share A-1 B-1 B-2 Purchaser Commitment [initial] [COMPANY] (if any) Ratable Share The Assignee is a member of a [Bank][CP] [COMPANY]. Address for Notices Attention: Phone: Fax: 101VI- SCHEDULE II TO ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT EFFECTIVE NOTICE TO: , Seller TO: , Purchaser The undersigned, as Collateral Agent under the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of May 18, 2011 by and among [COMPANY], as Seller, Apex Health Distribution, as Servicer, the “Conduit Purchasers” from time to time party thereto, the “Committed Purchasers” from time to time party thereto, the “Managing Agents” from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent for the Purchasers, hereby acknowledges receipt of executed counterparts of a completed Assignment Agreement dated as of , between , as Seller, and , as Purchaser. Terms defined in such Assignment Agreement are used herein as therein defined. 1. Pursuant to such Assignment Agreement, you are advised that the Effective Date will be , . 2. The Managing Agent, on behalf of the affected Conduits, hereby consents to the Assignment Agreement as required by Section 12.1(b) of the Purchase Agreement. 102VI- [ 3. Pursuant to such Assignment Agreement, the Purchaser is required to pay $ to the Seller at or before 12:00 noon (local time of the Seller) on the Effective Date in immediately available funds. ] Very truly yours, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually and as Collateral Agent [and a Managing Agent] By: Title: 103VI- EXHIBIT VII FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT Reference is made to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of May 18, 2011 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Agreement ”), among [COMPANY] (the “ Seller ”), Apex Health Distribution, as initial Servicer (together with its successors and assigns, the “ Servicer ”), the “Conduit Purchasers” from time to time party thereto, the “Committed Purchasers” from time to time party thereto, the “Managing Agents” from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as collateral agent (the “ Collateral Agent ”). To the extent not defined herein, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Agreement. (the “ New Managing Agent ”), (the “ New Conduit Purchaser ”), (the “ New Committed Purchaser[s] ”; and together with the New Managing Agent and New Conduit Purchaser , the “ [COMPANY] ”), the Seller, the Servicer and the Collateral Agent agree as follows: 1. Pursuant to Section 12.3 of the Agreement, the Seller has requested that the [COMPANY] agree to become a “[COMPANY]” under the Agreement. 2. The effective date (the “ Effective Date ”) of this Joinder Agreement shall be the later of (i) the date on which a fully executed copy of this Joinder Agreement is delivered to the Collateral Agent and (ii) the date of this Joinder Agreement. 3. By executing and delivering this Joinder Agreement, each of the New Managing Agent, the New Conduit Purchaser and the New Committed Purchaser[s] confirms to and agrees with each other party to the Agreement that (i) it has received a copy of the Agreement and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Joinder Agreement; (ii) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent, the other Managing Agents, the other Purchasers or any of their respective Affiliates, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Agreement or any Transaction Document; (iii) it appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Agreement, the Transaction Documents and any other instrument or document pursuant thereto as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and to enforce its respective rights and interests in and under the Agreement, the Transaction Documents, the Receivables, the Related Security and the Collections; (iv) it will perform all of the obligations which by the terms of the Agreement and the Transaction Documents are required to be performed by it as a Managing Agent, a Conduit Purchaser and a Committed Purchaser, respectively; (v) its address for notices shall be the office set forth beneath its name on the signature pages of this Joinder Agreement; and (vi) it is duly authorized to enter into this Joinder Agreement. 4. On the Effective Date of this Joinder Agreement, each of the New Managing Agent, the New Conduit Purchaser and the New Committed Purchaser[s] shall join in and be a party to the Agreement and, to the extent provided in this Joinder Agreement, shall have the rights and obligations of a Managing Agent, a Conduit Purchaser and a Committed Purchaser, respectively, under the Agreement. 5. This Joinder Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 104VII- 6. This Joinder Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Joinder Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written, such execution being made on Schedule I hereto. 105VII- Schedule I to Joinder Agreement Dated , 20 Section 1 . The “CP Rate” for any Tranche Period for any Purchaser Interest owned by the New Conduit Purchaser is [ ]. The “LIBO Rate” for any Tranche Period for any Purchaser Interest funded by any member of the [COMPANY] is [ ]. The “Base Rate” for any Tranche Period for any Purchaser Interest owned by the [COMPANY] is [ ]. [COMPANY] is a [Bank][CP] [COMPANY]. Section 2 . The “Commitment[s]” with respect to the New Committed Purchaser[s] [is][are]: [New Committed Purchaser] $ [ ] NEW CONDUIT PURCHASER: [NEW CONDUIT PURCHASER] By: Name: Title: Address for notices: [Address] NEW COMMITTED PURCHASER[S]: [NEW COMMITTED PURCHASER] By: Name: Title: Address for notices: [Address] NEW MANAGING AGENT: [NEW MANAGING AGENT] By: Name: Title: Address for notices: [Address] Consented to this day of , 20 by: 106VII- CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION as Seller By: Name: Title: MCKESSON CORPORATION as Servicer By: Name: Title: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Collateral Agent By: Name: Title: [SIGNATURE BLOCK FOR EACH MANAGING AGENT] as A Managing Agent 107VII- SCHEDULE A [COMPANY] Conduit Purchaser(s) [COMPANY] Type Committed Purchaser(s) [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 250,000,000 $ 250,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] The Bank of Nova Scotia $ 200,000,000 $ 200,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen- Boerenleenbank B.A., “Rabobank International”, New York Branch $ 150,000,000 $ 150,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] The Bank of [COMPANY]., New York Branch $ 200,000,000 $ 200,000,000 Bank of [COMPANY] N/A [COMPANY] Bank of America, N.A. $ 150,000,000 $ 150,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] PNC Bank, National Association $ 150,000,000 $ 150,000,000 [COMPANY] N/A [COMPANY] Fifth Third Bank $ 150,000,000 $ 150,000,000 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] HSBC Bank plc $ 100,000,000 $ 100,000,000 TOTAL $ 1,350,000,000 $ 1,350,000,000 108A- SCHEDULE B [COMPANY] [COMPANY] JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 10 South Dearborn Street Suite IL1-0079 Chicago, IL 60670 Attn: Asset Backed Securities Fax: (312) 732-1844 Tel: (312) 732-2722 [COMPANY] The Bank of Nova Scotia One Liberty Plaza New York, New York 10006 Attn: Darren Ward Fax: (212) 225-5274 Tel: (212) 225-5264 [COMPANY] Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen- Boerenleenbank B.A., “Rabobank International”, New York Branch 245 Park Avenue, 37 th Floor New York, New York 10167 Attn: [COMPANY] Fax: (914) 304-9324 Tel: (212) 808-6818 [COMPANY] The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch 1251 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10020 Attn: John Donoghue Fax: (212) 782-6448 Tel: (212) 782-4537 Bank of [COMPANY] Bank of America, N.A. 214 North Tryon Street NC1-027-21-04 Charlotte, NC 28202 Attn: [COMPANY] Fax: (980) 387-2828 Tel: (980) 388-9464 [COMPANY] PNC Bank, National Association One PNC Plaza 249 Fifth Avenue Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 Attn: Tony Stahley Fax: (412) 762-9184 Tel: (412) 768-2266 [COMPANY] Fifth Third Bank 38 Fountain Square Plaza MD 109046 Cincinnati, OH 45202 Attn: [COMPANY] Fax: (513) 534-0319 Tel: (513) 534-0836 [COMPANY] HSBC Securities (USA), Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York, New York 10018 Attn: Thomas A. Carroll, Director Fax: (646) 366-3476 Tel: (212) 525-2059
EX-10.3 Exhibit 10.3 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO SENIOR BRIDGE TERM LOAN AGREEMENT AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO SENIOR BRIDGE TERM LOAN AGREEMENT (this “ Amendment ”), dated as of November 13, 2013, to the Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement dated as of October 23, 2013, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the “ Credit Agreement ”), among Apex Health Distribution (the “ Borrower ”), the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the “ Administrative Agent ”). The parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1 . Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. Section 2. Amendment . Section 4.02(d)(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: “(b) U.S. GAAP unaudited consolidated and (to the extent available) consolidating balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of the Borrower for each subsequent fiscal quarter ended at least sixty (60) days before the Closing Date, which financial statements of the Borrower shall meet the requirements of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act.” Section 3. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower represents and warrants that: (a) the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement shall be true and correct on and as of the date of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date; and (b) after giving effect to this Amendment, no event has occurred and is continuing or will result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default. Section 4 . Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective on the date (the “ Amendment Effective Date ”) on which each of the following conditions shall be satisfied: (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrower and the Lenders party hereto, who constitute the Required Lenders, either (i) a counterpart of this Amendment signed on behalf of such party or (ii) evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such party has signed a counterpart of this Amendment; and (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that the representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of this Amendment are true and correct. Section 5. Reference to and Effect Upon the Credit Agreement . (a) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any other party under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. (b) Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle the Borrower to any additional consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. (c) On and as of the Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to “this Agreement”, “hereof”, “hereunder”, “herein” and “hereby” and each other similar reference, and each reference in any other Loan Document to “the Credit Agreement”, “thereof”, “thereunder”, “therein” or “thereby” or any other similar reference to the Credit Agreement shall refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. Section 6. Loan Document . This Amendment is a “Loan Document” under the Credit Agreement. Section 7 . Governing Law. This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. Section 8 . Counterparts. This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts by each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party hereto, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or electronic transmission (e.g., “pdf” or “tif”) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. [ Remainder of page intentionally left blank ] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. MCKESSON CORPORATION By: /s/ James A. Beer Name: James A. Beer Title: Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: /s/ Zubin R. Shroff Name: Zubin R. Shroff Title: Director BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Lender By: /s/ Zubin R. Shroff Name: Zubin R. Shroff Title: [COMPANY], as a Lender By: Robert Ehudin Name: Robert Ehudin Title: Authorized Signatory GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Lender By: /s/ Robert Ehudin Name: Robert Ehudin Title: Authorized Signatory EXECUTION COPY SENIOR BRIDGE TERM LOAN AGREEMENT Dated as of October 23, 2013 among MCKESSON CORPORATION, the Borrower, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent and The Other Lenders Party Hereto GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, Syndication Agent GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA and MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED, Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers TABLE OF CONTENTS Section Page ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 1.01 Defined Terms 1 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 24 1.03 Accounting Terms 24 1.04 Rounding 25 1.05 References to Agreements and Laws 25 1.06 Times of Day 25 ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND LOANS 25 2.01 Loans 25 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 26 2.03 [RESERVED] 27 2.04 [RESERVED] 27 2.05 Prepayments. 27 2.06 Voluntary Termination or Reduction of Commitments 28 2.07 Repayment of Loans 28 2.08 Interest 29 2.09 Fees 29 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 30 2.11 Evidence of Debt 30 2.12 Payments Generally 30 2.13 Sharing of Payments 32 2.14 Defaulting Lenders 33 ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 33 3.01 Taxes 33 3.02 Illegality 35 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 35 3.04 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy 36 3.05 Funding Losses 37 3.06 Matters Applicable to all Requests for Compensation 37 i 3.07 Survival 38 ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 38 4.01 Conditions Precedent to Effective Date 38 4.02 Conditions Precedent to Loans on the Closing Date 39 4.03 Conditions Precedent to Loans after the Closing Date 40 4.04 [Reserved] 41 4.05 Actions During Certain Funds Period 41 ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 41 5.01 Corporate Existence and Power 41 5.02 Corporate Authorization; No Contravention 42 5.03 Governmental Authorization 42 5.04 Binding Effect 42 5.05 Litigation 42 5.06 No Default 42 5.07 Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations 43 5.08 Financial Condition 43 5.09 Regulated Entities 43 5.10 No Burdensome Restrictions 43 5.11 Subsidiaries and Certain Liens As of the Effective Date 43 5.12 Taxes 44 5.13 OFAC, FCPA, USA PATRIOT Act 44 5.14 The Offer 45 ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 45 6.01 Financial Statements 45 6.02 Certificates; Other Information 46 6.03 Notices 47 6.04 Preservation of Existence, Etc 48 6.05 Maintenance of Insurance 48 6.06 Payment of Taxes 48 6.07 Compliance with Laws 48 6.08 Books and Records 48 6.09 Inspection Rights 48 ii 6.10 Use of Proceeds 48 6.11 Refinancing the Loans 49 6.12 The Offer and the Convertible Offer and Related Matters 49 ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 50 7.01 Liens 50 7.02 Consolidations and Mergers 51 7.03 Use of Proceeds 52 7.04 Maximum Debt to Capitalization Ratio 52 7.05 Swap Contracts 52 7.06 The Offer 52 ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 53 8.01 Events of Default 53 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 55 8.03 Application of Funds 56 8.04 Clean-up Period . 56 ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 57 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Administrative Agent 57 9.02 Rights as a Lender 57 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 58 9.04 Delegation of Duties 58 9.05 Reliance by Administrative Agent 59 9.06 Successor Administrative Agent 59 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 60 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc 60 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 60 ARTICLE X. [RESERVED] 61 ARTICLE XI. MISCELLANEOUS 61 11.01 Amendments, Etc 61 11.02 Notices and [COMPANY]; Facsimile Copies 62 11.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 64 11.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 64 11.05 Payments Set Aside 66 iii 11.06 Successors and Assigns 67 11.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 70 11.08 Set-off 71 11.09 Interest Rate Limitation 72 11.10 Counterparts; Effectiveness 72 11.11 Integration 72 11.12 Survival of Representations and Warranties 72 11.13 Severability 72 11.14 Tax Forms 73 11.15 Replacement of Lenders 76 11.16 Governing Law 76 11.17 Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury 77 11.18 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 77 11.19 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 78 iv SCHEDULES 1.01 Specified Asset Sales 2.01 Commitments 5.11 Subsidiaries and Indebtedness Secured by Liens 11.02 Administrative Agent’s Office, Certain Addresses for Notices EXHIBITS Form of A Loan Notice B Note C Compliance Certificate D Assignment and Assumption v SENIOR BRIDGE TERM LOAN AGREEMENT This SENIOR BRIDGE TERM LOAN AGREEMENT (“ Agreement ”) is entered into as of October 23, 2013, among MCKESSON CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the “ Borrower ”), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the “ Lenders ” and each individually, a “ Lender ”), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent. WHEREAS, in connection with the Transactions (as defined below), the Borrower has requested that the Lenders and the Administrative Agent provide the Bridge Facility (as defined below), and the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: “ AA Fee Letter ” means the letter agreement, dated October 23, 2013, between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. “ Acquired Debt Default ” means an event of default under a Relevant Obligation of a Person which becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof, which event of default occurs by reason of the change of control of such Person resulting from the consummation of the transaction pursuant to which it becomes a Subsidiary. For avoidance of doubt, an event of default under another Relevant Obligation of the Borrower or a Subsidiary by virtue of a cross default to an event of default described in the preceding sentence is not an Acquired Debt Default. “ Acquisition ” means the acquisition by Bidco of (a) the shares of Target pursuant to the Private Sale and the Offer and (b) the Convertible Bonds pursuant to the Convertible Offer. “ Acquisition Consideration ” means the aggregate amount of cash consideration payable in connection with the Acquisition. “ Administrative Agent ” means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. “ Administrative Agent’s Office ” means the Administrative Agent’s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 11.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders. “ Administrative Questionnaire ” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 1 “ Affiliate ” means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. “ Control ” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. “ Controlling ” and “ Controlled ” have meanings correlative thereto. “ Agent Parties ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.02(c) . “ Agreement ” means this Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement. “ Applicable Rate ” means, at any time of determination, the rate per annum determined by reference to the Debt Rating in effect at such time, as set forth below: Debt Ratings S&P/Moody’s/Fitch Pricing Level I: A-/A3/A- (or higher) Pricing Level II: BBB+/ Baa1/ BBB+ Pricing Level III: BBB/ Baa2/BBB) Pricing Level IV BBB-/ Baa3/BBB- (or lower Euro- Dollar Base Rate Euro- Dollar Base Rate Euro- Dollar Base Rate Euro- Dollar Base Rate Closing Date until 89 days following the Closing Date 1.00 % 0.00 % 1.25 % 0.25 % 1.50 % 0.50 % 1.75 % 0.75 % 90 th Day following the Closing Date until 179 th day following the Closing Date 1.25 % 0.25 % 1.50 % 0.50 % 1.75 % 0.75 % 2.00 % 1.00 % 180 th day following the Closing Date until 269 th day following the Closing Date 1.50 % 0.50 % 1.75 % 0.75 % 2.00 % 1.00 % 2.25 % 1.25 % From the 270 th day following the Closing Date and thereafter 1.75 % 0.75 % 2.00 % 1.00 % 2.25 % 1.25 % 2.50 % 1.50 % 2 For the purposes of the foregoing, “ Debt Rating ” means, as of any date of determination, the available ratings as determined by S&P, Moody’s and/or Fitch (collectively, the “ Debt Ratings ”) of the Borrower’s non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt; provided that (a) if the Borrower shall maintain a rating of its non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt from only two of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch then the higher of such Debt Ratings shall apply (with the Debt Rating for Pricing Level I being the highest and the Debt Rating for Pricing Level IV being the lowest), unless there is a split in Debt Ratings of more than one Pricing Level, in which case the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to a Debt Rating that is one Pricing Level lower than the higher of the Borrower’s two Debt Ratings, (b) if the Borrower shall maintain a Debt Rating of its non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt from only one of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch, then that single Debt Rating shall apply, (c) if the Borrower shall maintain a Debt Rating of its non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt from all three of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch and there is a difference in such Debt Ratings, (i) if there is a difference of only one Pricing Level between the highest and lowest of such Debt Ratings, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the higher Debt Rating, and (ii) if there is a difference of more than one Pricing Level between any of the Debt Ratings, and if two Debt Ratings are equivalent and the third Debt Rating is lower, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the higher Debt Rating; otherwise the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to a Debt Rating that is one Pricing Level below the highest of the Borrower’s three Debt Ratings and (d) if the Borrower shall fail to maintain any Debt Rating of its non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt from any of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch, then the Applicable Rate shall be the same as the Applicable Rate that would apply if the Borrower had the lowest Debt Ratings set forth in the Applicable Rate grid above. Each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Rating shall be effective, in the case of an upgrade, during the period commencing on the date of delivery by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of notice thereof pursuant to Section 6.03(e) and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change and, in the case of a downgrade, during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. “ Approved Fund ” means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. “ Arrangers ” means Goldman Sachs Bank USA and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & [COMPANY], in their capacities as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers. “ Assignment and Assumption ” means an Assignment and Assumption substantially in the form of Exhibit D . “ Attorney Costs ” means and includes all reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external counsel and, without duplication, the reasonable allocated cost of internal legal services and all reasonable expenses and disbursements of internal counsel; 3 provided that no fees, expenses or disbursements shall qualify as Attorney Costs unless written evidence, prepared in reasonable detail, substantiating such fees, expenses and disbursements is available to the Borrower upon request. “ Attributable Indebtedness ” means, on any date, (a) in respect of any capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. “ [COMPANY] Statements ” means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. “ BaFin ” means the German Federal Supervisory Authority for [COMPANY] ( Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht ). “ Bank of America ” means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. “ Base Rate ” means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its “prime rate” and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus 1%. The “prime rate” is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America’s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. “ Base Rate Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. “ Bidco ” means [COMPANY] & Co. KGaA, a partnership limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Germany and a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower. “ Borrower ” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. “ Borrower Materials ” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . “ Borrowing ” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 . “ Bridge Facility ” means the Commitments and the Loans made hereunder. 4 “ Business Combination Agreement ” means the business combination agreement to be entered into between Bidco, the Borrower and the Target in connection with the Acquisition on or about the date of the Purchase Agreement. “ Business Day ” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, New York City, New York, Charlotte, North Carolina or Midland, Kansas (or, solely for the purpose of Section 2.01 , on which commercial banks are authorized to close, or are in fact closed, in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) and, if such day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. “ Certain Funds Period ” means the period beginning on the Publication Date and ending on the earliest of (i) June 30, 2014, (ii) the Final Settlement Date and (iii) the date of the termination in full of the Commitments. “ Change in Law ” means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. “ Change of Control ” means an event or series of events by which: (a) any “person” or “group” (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have “beneficial ownership” of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an “ option right ”)), directly or indirectly, of 51% or more of the equity securities of the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) ( provided that “Change of Control” shall not include any such acquisition which occurs as part of a transaction consisting of (x) the Borrower becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company and (y) the holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following such transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Borrower’s voting stock immediately prior to such transaction); or 5 (b) during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body (excluding, in the case of both clause (ii) and clause (iii), any individual whose initial nomination for, or assumption of office as, a member of that board or equivalent governing body occurs as a result of an actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents for the election or removal of one or more directors by any person or group other than a solicitation for the election of one or more directors by or on behalf of the board of directors). “ Closing Date ” means (a) the date on which each of the conditions precedent listed in Section 4.02 have been satisfied or waived pursuant to the terms hereof and (b) the initial Loans are made. “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. “ Commitments ” means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 , in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders’ name on Schedule 2.01 under the heading “Commitment” or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. “ Compliance Certificate ” means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C . “ Contractual Obligation ” means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. “ Control ” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Affiliate.” “ Convertible Bonds ” means the Target’s outstanding convertible bonds described in the definition of Convertible Offer. “ Convertible Offer ” means the voluntary offer made or to be made by Bidco to acquire all of the Target’s outstanding (a) convertible bonds in the nominal aggregate principal amount of EUR 350,000,000 due October 2014 (ISIN: DE000A1AN5K5, WKN: A1AN5K) which are convertible into new or existing no par value ordinary registered shares of the Target and (b) convertible bonds in the nominal aggregate principal amount of EUR 350,000,000 due April 2018 (ISIN: DE000A1GPH50, WKN: A1GPH5) which are convertible into new or existing no par value ordinary registered shares of the Target. 6 “ Convertible Offer Document ” means the offer document relating to the Convertible Offer and published or to be published by Bidco (as amended or supplemented from time to time in compliance with the terms of this Agreement). “ Debt Rating ” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Applicable Rate.” “ Debtor Relief Laws ” means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. “ Default ” means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. “ Default Rate ” means an interest rate equal to (a) the Base Rate plus (b) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (c) 2% per annum; provided , however , that, with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2% per annum, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. “ Defaulting Lender ” means any Lender that (i) has failed to fund any portion of any Loan required to be funded by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, (ii) has otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute, (iii) has notified any Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders’ obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender’s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied) or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (iv) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that it will comply with its funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (iv) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent), (v) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (x) become the subject of an Insolvency Proceeding, (y) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, or (z) taken any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment (provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority). 7 “ Disposition” or “Dispose ” means, with respect to any Person, (i) any sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition of any property or assets by such Person (or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith and (ii) any Equity Issuance by any Subsidiary of such Person (excluding any such Equity Issuance that would, if made by the Borrower, constitute an Excluded Equity Issuance); provided that the term Disposition shall not include any loss of or damage to, or any condemnation or other taking of, any property or assets. “ Dollar ” and “ $ ” mean lawful money of the United States. “ Domestic Subsidiary ” means each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia. “ Domination Agreement ” has the meaning specified in Section 6.12(c)(iii) . “ Effective Date ” means the date this Agreement becomes effective in accordance with Section 4.01 and 11.10 . “ Eligible Assignee ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(g) . “ Environmental Laws ” means any and all federal, state, provincial, municipal, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. “ Environmental Liability ” means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines or penalties), of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials or (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment. “ Equity Interests ” means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest. “ Equity Issuance ” means any issuance or sale by the Borrower after the Effective Date of (i) any of its Equity Interests or (ii) any other security or instrument representing an Equity Interest (or the right to obtain any Equity Interest) in it. 8 “ ERISA ” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. “ ERISA Affiliate ” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). “ ERISA Event ” means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. “ Eurodollar Base Rate ” has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurodollar Rate. “ Eurodollar Rate ” means (i) for any Interest Period with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, or (ii) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan, a rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the following formula: Eurodollar Rate = Eurodollar Base Rate 1.00 – Eurodollar Reserve Percentage Where, “ Eurodollar Base Rate ” means: (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate (“ LIBOR ”), as published by Reuters (or, if not available, such other commercially available source providing quotations of LIBOR as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; and (b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR, at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time determined two Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits being delivered in the London interbank market for a term of one month commencing that day; 9 provided that to the extent a successor rate is approved by the Administrative Agent in connection herewith, such successor rate shall be applied to the applicable Interest Period in a manner consistent with market practice; provided , further that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such successor rate shall be applied to the applicable Interest Period as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. “ Eurodollar Rate Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (i) of the definition of “Eurodollar Rate.” “ Eurodollar Reserve Percentage ” means, for any day during any Interest Period, the reserve percentage (expressed as a decimal, carried out to five decimal places) in effect on such day under regulations issued from time to time by the FRB for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “Eurocurrency liabilities”). The Eurodollar Rate for each outstanding Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be adjusted automatically as of the effective date of any change in the Eurodollar Reserve Percentage. “ Event of Default ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . “ Excluded Equity Issuances ” means any Equity Issuance of the Borrower pursuant to employee and other benefit plans, stock option or stock purchase plans, management equity plans, other benefit plans or compensation arrangements or accommodations for management, directors or employees of the Borrower existing on the Effective Date or established thereafter in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to dividend reinvestment plans established for the benefit of the common stock holders of the Borrower. “ Excluded Taxes ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a) . “ FATCA ” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. “ FCPA ” has the meaning specified in Section 5.13(b) . “ Federal Funds Rate ” means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the weighted average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. 10 “ Fee Letters ” means the AA Fee Letter and JLA Fee Letter. “ Final Settlement Date ” means the date on which all payments to be made by Bidco in connection with the Offer to settle acceptances during the Initial Acceptance Period pursuant to Section 16(1) of the German Takeover Code and the Subsequent Acceptance Period pursuant to Section 16(2) of the German Takeover Code have been made. “ Fitch ” means Fitch, Inc., a majority-owned subsidiary of Fimalac, S.A., and any successor thereto. “ Foreign Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.14(a)(i) . “ Foreign Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not organized under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof. “ FRB ” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. “ Fund ” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. “ GAAP ” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. “ German Takeover Code ” means the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Code ( Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz ). “ Governmental Authority ” means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. “ Guarantee ” means, as to any Person, any (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the “primary obligor”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or 11 other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term “Guarantee” as a verb has a corresponding meaning. “ Hazardous Materials ” means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. “ IFRS ” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03(c) . “ Impacted Loans ” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03 . “ Indebtedness ” means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following: (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money; (b) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); (c) all non-contingent reimbursement or payment obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers’ acceptances, bank guaranties, shipside bonds, surety bonds and similar instruments; (d) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; (e) capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; (f) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; (g) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to property acquired by the Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property); and (h) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person, whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse. 12 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any capital lease or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. “ Indemnified Liabilities ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.04 . “ Indemnitees ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.04 . “ Initial Acceptance Period ” means the acceptance period ( Annahmefrist ) for the Offer pursuant to Section 16(1) of the German Takeover Code specified in the Offer Document (including any extensions thereof, if any). “ Insolvency Proceeding ” means (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors, or other similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors; undertaken under any Debtor Relief Law. “ Interest Payment Date ” means, (a) as to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter and the Maturity Date. “ Interest Period ” means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Loan and ending on the date one, two or three months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Loan Notice; provided that: (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; (b) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 13 “ IRS ” means the United States Internal Revenue Service. “ JLA Fee Letter ” means the letter agreement, dated October 23, 2013, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers. “ Key Offer Terms ” means the Maximum Offer Consideration and the conditions set forth in Section 4.2.1 of the Purchase Agreement in the form delivered to the Arrangers prior to the Effective Date. “ Key Convertible Offer Terms ” means the Maximum Convertible Offer Consideration and the conditions set forth in Section 4.2.1 of the Purchase Agreement in the form delivered to the Arrangers prior to the Effective Date. “ Laws ” means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state, provincial, municipal and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. “ Lender ” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. “ Lending Office ” means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as its “Lending Office” or “Domestic Lending Office” or “Eurodollar Lending Office,” as the case may be, in such Lender’s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. “ Lien ” means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing); provided that “Lien” shall not include (i) the interest of a lessor under an operating lease or (ii) the sale of accounts receivable). “ Lender ” means a Lender that has a Commitment or holds a Loan. “ Loan ” means a Loan made by a Lender to the Borrower under Section 2.01 . “ Loan Documents ” means this Agreement, any Notes, the Fee Letters and all other written certifications delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to the terms hereof. “ Loan Notice ” means a notice of (a) a borrowing of Loans, (b) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A . 14 “ Major Default ” means, with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than the Target and its Subsidiaries) only, (a) a Default or an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or 8.01(c) (but solely as such Section 8.01(c) relates to a breach of Section 6.12(a) ) or (b) an Event of Default under Section 8.01(b) (but solely as such Section 8.01(b) relates to a breach of Section 7.01 , 7.02 , 7.03 or 7.06 ), 8.01(d) (solely as it relates to a Major Representation), 8.01(e) , 8.01(f) , 8.01(g) , 8.01(i) or 8.01(j)(ii) . “ Major Representations ” means, with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than the Target and its Subsidiaries) only, the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.01(a) , 5.01(b) and 5.02 (in each case, as they relate to the entering into and performance of the Loan Documents), Sections 5.04 , 5.07 , 5.09 and 5.13 . “ Margin Stock ” means “margin stock” as such term is defined in Regulation T, U or X of the FRB. “ Master Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in the definition of “Swap Contract.” “ Material Adverse Effect ” means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of any Loan Document to which it is a party. “ Material Subsidiary ” means, at any time, (a) Apex Health Distribution Canada, (b) the Target and its Subsidiaries and (c) any other Subsidiary having at such time 10% or more of the Borrower’s consolidated total (gross) revenues for the preceding four fiscal quarter period, as of the last day of the preceding fiscal quarter based upon the Borrower’s most recent annual or quarterly financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent under Section 6.01 . “ Maturity Date ” means the date that is 364 days after the Closing Date (or, if such a day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day). “ Maximum Convertible Offer Consideration ” means, on a price or value per bond basis, the respective amount of cash consideration per bond for the Convertible Bonds due October 2014 and for the Convertible Bonds due April 2018, in each case as set forth in Section 2.1.2 of the Purchase Agreement in the form delivered to the Arrangers prior to the Effective Date. “ Maximum Offer Consideration ” means, on a price or value per share basis, the Base Purchase Price Per Share as defined in and set forth in Section 3.1 of the Purchase Agreement in the form delivered to the Arrangers prior to the Effective Date. “ Apex Health Distribution Canada ” means [COMPANY], a Nova Scotia unlimited company and indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 15 “ Multiemployer Plan ” means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. “ Net Cash Proceeds ” means, (a) with respect to any Disposition by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, the aggregate amount of all cash proceeds (including any cash proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable, purchase price adjustment, or otherwise, but only as and when received) received by the Borrower or a Subsidiary in respect of such Disposition, net of (i) all reasonable third-party attorneys’ fees, accountants’ fees, brokerage, consultant and other customary fees and commissions, title and recording tax expenses and other fees and expenses incurred by the Borrower or a Subsidiary in connection with such Disposition, (ii) all Taxes (including Taxes arising out of the distribution of such cash proceeds by a Foreign Subsidiary directly or indirectly to the Borrower or a Subsidiary by one or more intermediate Subsidiaries or another Subsidiary organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any political subdivision thereof (such Taxes, “ Specified Taxes ”)) paid or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof, (iii) any liabilities or obligations associated with the property or assets Disposed of in such Disposition and retained, indemnified or insured by the Borrower or a Subsidiary after such Disposition, including without limitation pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities, liabilities related to environmental matters, and liabilities relating to any indemnification obligations associated with such Disposition, (iv) all payments made, and all installment payments required to be made, with respect to any obligation (x) that is secured by any property or assets subject to such Disposition, in accordance with the terms of any Lien upon such property or assets, or (y) that must by its terms, or in order to obtain a necessary consent to such Disposition, or by applicable law, be repaid out of the proceeds from such Disposition, (v) all distributions and other payments required to be made to minority interest holders in Subsidiaries or joint ventures as a result of such Disposition, or to any other Person (other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary) owning a beneficial interest in the property or assets Disposed of in such Disposition and (vi) the amount of any purchase price or similar adjustment (x) claimed by any Person to be owed by the Borrower or a Subsidiary, until such time as such claim shall have been settled or otherwise finally resolved or (y) paid or payable by the Borrower or a Subsidiary, in either case in respect of such Disposition, (b) with respect to any Property Loss Event, the aggregate amount of all cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary unless the repatriation to the United States of the related proceeds is prohibited or delayed by applicable local law or would in the good faith judgment of the Borrower have an adverse tax consequence, net of (i) amounts applied or committed to be applied, to the restoration or repair of damaged property or assets or to the purchase price of replacement property or assets or other similar property or assets useful in the business of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries within 270 days after the receipt of such proceeds and (ii) Taxes, including Specified Taxes, and (c) with respect to any other Reduction Event, the aggregate amount of all cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of such Reduction Event, net of fees, expenses, costs, underwriting discounts and commissions incurred by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection therewith and net of Taxes paid or estimated to be payable as a result thereof. 16 “ Net Worth ” means (a) the sum of (i) the capital stock, (ii) additional paid in capital, (iii) retained earnings (or minus accumulated deficits) and (iv) accumulated other comprehensive income, minus (b) treasury stock, in each case, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP on such date. “ Note ” means a promissory note executed by the Borrower in favor of a Lender pursuant to Section 2.11 , substantially in the form of Exhibit B . “ Obligations ” means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, the Borrower arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. “ OFAC ” has the meaning specified in Section 5.13(a) . “ Offer ” means the voluntary public takeover offer ( freiwilliges öffentliches Übernahmeangebot ) made or to be made by Bidco to the shareholders of the Target pursuant to the German Takeover Code for the acquisition of all the shares in the Target on the terms and conditions of the Offer Document. “ Offer Announcement ” means the announcement by Bidco of its decision to make the Offer and published or to be published by Bidco pursuant to Section 10(3) of the German Takeover Code. “ Offer Document ” means the offer document ( Angebotsunterlage ) relating to the Offer and published or to be published by Bidco pursuant to Section 14(3) of the German Takeover Code (as amended or supplemented from time to time in compliance with the terms of this Agreement). “ Organization Documents ” means, with respect to (a) any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws, (b) any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement or operating agreement, (c) any partnership, the certificate of formation and partnership agreement and (d) any organization incorporated or formed in any non-U.S. jurisdiction, constitutive documents with respect to such organization that are equivalent or comparable to the foregoing, as may be applicable. “ Other Taxes ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(b) . “ Outstanding Amount ” means, on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Loans occurring on such date. “ Participant ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d) . 17 “ Participant Register ” has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d)(ii) . “ PBGC ” means the [COMPANY]. “ Pension Plan ” means any “employee pension benefit plan” (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. “ Permanent Financing ” means senior unsecured notes or equity or equity-linked securities to be issued by the Borrower through a public offering or in a private placement or one or more senior bank credit facilities to be entered into by the Borrower, in each case, to refinance the Bridge Facility. “ Permitted Assignee ” means each “Permitted Assignee” identified in writing by the Arrangers and approved by the Borrower prior to the date hereof. “ Person ” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. “ Plan ” means any “employee benefit plan” (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by the Borrower or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. “ Private Sale ” means the acquisition of approximately 50.01% of the shares of the Target pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. “ Pro Rata Share ” means, with respect to each Lender at any time, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is either (x) the amount of the undrawn Commitment of such Lender at such time or (y) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans of such Lender at such time, and the denominator of which is either (x) the aggregate amount of the undrawn Commitments at such time or (y) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans at such time, in each case as the context may require. “ Proceedings ” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(c) . “ Property Loss Event ” means (a) any loss of or damage to property or assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that results in the receipt by such Person of proceeds of insurance (other than business interruption insurance) exceeding $50,000,000 (individually or in the aggregate) or (b) any taking of property or assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that results in the receipt by such Person of a compensation payment in respect thereof exceeding $50,000,000 (individually or in the aggregate). 18 “ Publication Date ” means the date on which the Offer Document is published pursuant to Section 14(3) of the German Takeover Act. “ Purchase Agreement ” means the Share Purchase Agreement among the Borrower, Bidco and Franz Haniel & [COMPANY] relating to the sale and purchase of approximately 50.01% of the shares of the Target, to be entered into on or about October 23, 2013. “ Qualified Receivables Transaction ” mean any transaction or series of transactions entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries sells, conveys or otherwise transfers to (i) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) and (ii) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or grants a security interest in (all of the following constituting “ Receivables Program Assets ”), any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) or inventory of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including, without limitation, all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable or inventory, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable or inventory. “ Receivables Subsidiary ” means a Subsidiary of the Borrower which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable or inventory (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction), (ii) is recourse or obligates the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in any way other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than accounts receivable or inventory and related assets as provided in the definition of “Qualified Receivables Transaction”), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, (b) with which neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary of the Borrower has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms customary for securitization of receivables or inventory and (c) with which neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary of the Borrower has any obligations to maintain or preserve such Subsidiary’s financial condition or cause such Subsidiary to achieve certain levels of operating results. [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation, shall be deemed a Receivables Subsidiary. “ Reduction Amount ” means, in relation to any Reduction Event, the largest integral multiple of $1,000,000 that does not exceed the amount of the related Net Cash Proceeds. 19 “ Reduction Event ” means any Specified Asset Sale, Property Loss Event, Specified Debt Financing or Specified Equity Issuance. “ Register ” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.06(c) . “ Related Parties ” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates. “ Relevant Obligation ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(e) . “ Reportable Event ” means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. “ Required Lenders ” means, at any time non-Defaulting Lenders holding more than 50% of the aggregate amount of (i) the undrawn Commitments then effective and (ii) the Total Outstandings of all Lenders, exclusive in the case of (i) and (ii) of the Commitment and Loans of any Defaulting Lender. “ Requirement of Law ” means, as to any Person, any law (statutory or common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination, decree or order of an arbitrator or of a Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon the Person or any of its property or to which the Person or any of its property is subject, including but not limited to any Environmental Law. “ Responsible Officer ” means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, corporate vice president or the treasurer of the Borrower. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of the Borrower and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Borrower. “ S&P ” means Standard & Poor’s [COMPANY], a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto. “ Sanctions ” has the meaning specified in Section 5.13(a) . “ SEC ” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. “ Securities Act ” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. “ Specified Asset Sale ” means any Disposition or series of related Dispositions by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries outside the ordinary course of business; provided that “Specified Asset Sale” shall not include (i) a Disposition or series of related Dispositions the Net Cash Proceeds of which do not exceed $50,000,000 in the aggregate for such Disposition or series of related Dispositions, (ii) Dispositions by the Borrower to any Subsidiary, 20 (iii) Dispositions by any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, (iv) Dispositions by Foreign Subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of this clause (iv), repatriation to the United States of the related proceeds is prohibited or delayed by applicable local law or would in the good faith judgment of the Borrower have an adverse tax consequence; (v) Dispositions in connection with Indebtedness pursuant to receivables facilities or securitization facilities excluded from the definition of “Specified Debt Financing” pursuant to clause (i) thereof; or (vi) Dispositions referenced in Schedule 1.01. “ Specified Debt Financing ” means any issuance of debt securities (whether in a public offering or a private placement) or borrowing of loans (other than the Loans but including, for the avoidance of doubt, borrowings under accounts receivables facilities) by the Borrower or any Subsidiary for gross proceeds exceeding $50,000,000 (individually or in the aggregate), including any Permanent Financing, but in each case excluding (i) incurrence of Indebtedness pursuant to credit facilities, receivables facilities or securitization facilities existing on the Effective Date (including any refinancing, renewal or extension of any such facilities that does not increase the principal amount thereof) or issuance of commercial paper supported by such facilities, (ii) any transactions between the Borrower and any Subsidiary and (iii) any transaction between or among Subsidiaries. “ Specified Equity Issuance ” means any Equity Issuance by the Borrower other than an Excluded Equity Issuance. “ Specified Taxes ” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Net Cash Proceeds”. “ Subsequent Acceptance Period ” means the subsequent acceptance period ( weitere Annahmefrist ) for the Offer pursuant to Section 16(2) of the German Takeover Code. “ Subsidiary ” of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, unlimited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a “Subsidiary” or to “Subsidiaries” shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. “ Successor ” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(e) . “ Swap Contract ” means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and 21 (b) any and all transactions of any kind (other than Eligible ASRs, as defined below), and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement relating to any of the foregoing (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a “ Master Agreement ”), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement (other than Eligible ASRs). “ Eligible ASR ” shall mean any accelerated share repurchase documented under a Master Agreement. “ Swap Termination Value ” means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). “ Syndication Agent ” means Goldman Sachs Bank USA, in its capacity as syndication agent under any of the Loan Documents. “ Synthetic Lease Obligation ” means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). “ Target ” means [COMPANY], a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Germany. “ Taxes ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a) . “ Total Capitalization ” means, on any date, the sum of (a) Total Debt and (b) the Net Worth on such date. “ Total Debt ” means, on any date, the difference of (a) all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis on such date, minus (b) Indebtedness incurred by any Receivables Subsidiary in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction. “ Total Outstandings ” means (a) as to all Lenders at any date of determination, the Outstanding Amount and (b) as to any Lender at any date of determination, the sum of the Outstanding Amount of all Loans of such Lender. “ Transactions ” means (i) the Acquisition, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement including the funding of the Loans hereunder and the application of the proceeds thereof, and (iii) payment of the Transaction Costs. 22 “ Transaction Costs ” means fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions. “ Type ” means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan. “ Unconditional Date ” means the date on which all conditions of the Offer specified in the Offer Document have been satisfied (or, to the extent permitted hereunder, waived or treated as satisfied by Bidco). “ Undrawn Commitment Fee Rate ” means, at any time of determination, the rate per annum determined by reference to the Debt Rating in effect at such time, as set forth below: Debt Ratings S&P/Moody’s/Fitch Pricing Level I: A-/A3/A- (or higher) Pricing Level II: BBB+/ Baa1/BBB+ Pricing Level III: BBB/ Baa2/BBB Pricing Level IV BBB-/ Baa3/BBB (or lower) Undrawn Commitment Fee Rate 0.10 % 0.125 % 0.15 % 0.20 % Split Debt Ratings shall be determined as specified in the definition of “Debt Rating,” provided that all references to “Applicable Rate” shall refer to “Undrawn Commitment Fee Rate”. Each change in the Undrawn Commitment Fee Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Rating shall be effective, in the case of an upgrade, during the period commencing on the date of delivery by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of notice thereof pursuant to Section 6.03(e) and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change and, in the case of a downgrade, during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. “ United States ” and “ U.S. ” mean the United States of America. “ USA PATRIOT Act ” shall mean The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). “ Wholly-Owned Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary in which (other than directors’ qualifying shares required by law) 100% of the capital stock of each class or other interests having ordinary voting power, and 100% of the capital stock of every other class or other interests, in each case, at the time as of which any determination is being made, is owned, beneficially and of record, by the Borrower, or by one or more of the other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries, or both. 23 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: (a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. (b) (i) The words “ herein ,” “ hereto ,” “ hereof ” and “ hereunder ” and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. (ii) Article, Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Loan Document in which such reference appears. (iii) The term “ including ” is by way of example and not limitation. (iv) The term “ documents ” includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. (c) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “ from ” means “ from and including ;” the words “ to ” and “ until ” each mean “ to but excluding ;” and the word “ through ” means “ to and including .” (d) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 1.03 Accounting Terms. (a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the [COMPANY] Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. (b) If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that , until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. (c) If the Borrower shall elect as of the end of any financial reporting period to prepare financial statements in accordance with [COMPANY] Reporting Standards, as 24 published by the International Accounting Standards Board (“ IFRS ”), rather than GAAP, then, following delivery to Administrative Agent of a completed Compliance Certificate attaching the information required to be delivered for such financial reporting period, the parties hereto shall use their best efforts to amend (in a manner mutually satisfactory to Lenders and the Borrower) the thresholds or methods of calculation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document such that compliance therewith is neither more nor less burdensome (as determined by the Required Lenders in their sole discretion) to the Borrower as a result of such conversion to IFRS and, thereafter, all references in the Loan Documents to GAAP shall be deemed references to IFRS. (d) All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 1.04 Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 1.05 References to Agreements and Laws. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to Organization Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by any Loan Document; and (b) references to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. 1.06 Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Pacific time (daylight or standard, as applicable). ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND LOANS 2.01 Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Loans to the Borrower on any Business Day during the Certain Funds Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such Lender’s Commitment at such time, which Loans shall be made in up to two drawings as follows: (i) the first drawing shall occur within 5 Business Days after the publication of the results announcement by Bidco pursuant to Section 23(1) no. 2 of the German Takeover Code and (ii) the second drawing shall occur within 5 Business Days after the publication of the results announcement by Bidco pursuant to Section 23(1) no. 3 of the German Takeover Code; provided that if any merger control clearance requirement in relation to the Acquisition which is a condition of the Offer or any other condition of the Offer capable of being satisfied after the expiry of the Initial Acceptance Period has not been satisfied or waived prior to or upon the expiry of the Initial 25 Acceptance Period, Loans must be drawn in a single drawing during the Certain Funds Period within the timeframes for the settlement of the Offer set forth in the Offer Document (i.e., if the Unconditional Date is after the expiry of the Subsequent Acceptance Period, in any event no later than 8 Business Days after the Unconditional Date). Each Lender’s Commitment shall automatically be reduced by the amount of each Loan made by such Lender, such reduction to be effective immediately following the making of such Loan by such Lender. The Commitments are not revolving in nature, and amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01 and repaid under Section 2.07 or prepaid under Section 2.05 or 2.06 may not be reborrowed. Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as further provided herein. 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. (a) Each borrowing of Loans, each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made upon the Borrower’s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 9:00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base Rate Loans; provided that such notice may be received by the Administrative Agent one Business Day prior to a borrowing on the Closing Date, and (ii) on the requested date of any borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each telephonic notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each borrowing, conversion or continuation of Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Each Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a borrowing of Loans, a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which, in each case, shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate Loans. If the Borrower requests a borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. (b) Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of its Pro Rata Share of the Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in Section 2.02(a) . In the case of a borrowing of Loans, each Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent’s Office not 26 later than 11:00 a.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in ARTICLE IV , the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower. (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of the Eurodollar Rate by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America’s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. (e) After giving effect to all borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in effect at any time. 2.03 [RESERVED]. 2.04 [RESERVED]. 2.05 Prepayments. (a) Voluntary Prepayments. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 9:00 a.m., (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans. Any prepayment of Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares. 27 (b) Mandatory Commitment Reductions and Prepayments. (i) Upon the occurrence of any Reduction Event, the Borrower shall apply an amount equal to the related Reduction Amount first to ratably prepay the outstanding Loans (if any) and second , to permanently and ratably reduce Commitments, any such prepayment to be effected within five Business Days after receipt by the Borrower or, as applicable, its Subsidiary of the Net Cash Proceeds from such Reduction Event and any such reduction to be effective immediately after receipt by the Borrower or, as applicable, its Subsidiary of the Net Cash Proceeds from such Reduction Event. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any Reduction Event and the related Reduction Amount not later than the date of such Reduction Event, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders thereof. Any prepayment of a Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . All undrawn commitment fees accrued on any reduced Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such reduction. Any reduction of Commitments or prepayment of Loans shall be applied to the Loans or Commitments of the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Share. (ii) The Commitments shall automatically terminate in full (x) if the Offer Document has not been published pursuant to section 14(3) of the German Takeover Code on or prior to December 11, 2013, (y) on the last day of the Certain Funds Period if the initial funding of the Loans shall not have occurred prior to such date and (z) if the Offer lapses. (iii) The unused portion of the Commitments shall automatically terminate on (x) if the Closing Date occurred as contemplated by Section 2.01 , the date that is three weeks following the Closing Date and (y) if the Closing Date occurred as contemplated by the proviso to Section 2.01 , on the Closing Date after giving effect to the Loans required to be made on the Closing Date. 2.06 Voluntary Termination or Reduction of Commitments. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 9:00 a.m. one Business Day prior to the date of termination or reduction, and (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the applicable Commitments. Any reduction of the Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Pro Rata Share. All undrawn commitment fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the applicable Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 2.07 Repayment of Loans. The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding on such date. 28 2.08 Interest. (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(b) , (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; and (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. (b) If any amount payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Furthermore, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 2.09 Fees. (a) Undrawn Commitment Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, an undrawn commitment fee which shall accrue at the applicable Undrawn Commitment Fee Rate then in effect on the daily amount of the undrawn Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the date that is 60 days after the Effective Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the fifth Business Day. (b) Duration Fee . If the Loans have not been repaid in full in cash on or prior to: (i) the 90th day after the Closing Date, a fully earned and non-refundable duration fee equal to 0.50% of the aggregate principal amount of Loans then outstanding shall be due and payable by the Borrower on such date to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share; (ii) the 180th day after the Closing Date, a fully earned and non-refundable duration fee equal to 0.75% of the aggregate principal amount of Loans then outstanding shall be due and payable by the Borrower on such date to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share; and (iii) the 270th day after the Closing Date, a fully earned and non-refundable duration fee equal to 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount of Loans then outstanding shall be due and payable by the Borrower on such date to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share. 29 (c) Reserved . (d) Other Fees . (i) The Borrower shall pay to the Arrangers and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letters, as applicable. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and, except to the extent expressly otherwise agreed, shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. (ii) The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and, except to the extent expressly otherwise agreed, shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees . All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 2.11 Evidence of Debt. The Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender’s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 2.12 Payments Generally. (a) All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative 30 Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars not later than 12:00 noon on the date specified herein in immediately available funds. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after the applicable time specified in this Section 2.12(a) shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. (b) (i) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any borrowing of Loans that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then such Lender and the Borrower agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of (1) the Federal Funds Rate and (2) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the related Loan. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender’s Loan included in such borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. (ii) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of (1) the Federal Funds Rate and (2) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 31 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (c) If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this ARTICLE II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Loan set forth in ARTICLE IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. (d) The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 11.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan. (e) Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. (f) Any prepayment of Loans or Commitment reduction, whether voluntary or mandatory, required to be made with respect to the Commitments or Loans under this Agreement shall be allocated pro rata amongst the Lenders to reduce, first, Loans until such Loans have been reduced to $0 and second, Commitments until such Commitments have been reduced to $0. (g) Notwithstanding anything in Section 2.12(f) or anything else herein to the contrary, any prepayment of any Loans or reduction of Commitments, whether voluntary or mandatory, to be made with respect to the Commitments or Loans of Goldman Sachs Bank USA and [COMPANY] under this Agreement shall be allocated between their respective Commitments or Loans, as applicable, as Goldman Sachs Bank and [COMPANY] shall designate by notice in writing to the Administrative Agent. 2.13 Sharing of Payments. If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein, any Lender shall obtain on account of the Loans made by it, any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Loans made by them, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment in respect of such Loans, pro rata with each of them; provided , however , that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Lender’s ratable 32 share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Lender’s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without further interest thereon. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off, but subject to Section 11.08 ) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.13 and will in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. 2.14 Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, fees shall cease to accrue on the undrawn portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.09 . ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 3.01 Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by the Borrower to or for the account of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and all liabilities with respect thereto (such taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and liabilities, other than Excluded Taxes, being hereinafter referred to as “ Taxes ”), except as required by applicable Law. For purposes of any Loan Document, “ Excluded Taxes ” shall mean, (i) in the case of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, taxes imposed on or measured by its net income (however denominated), franchise taxes (in lieu of net income taxes) and branch profits taxes, in each case, imposed by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the Laws of which the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, is organized or maintains its principal office or lending office or carries on business through a permanent establishment, (ii) in the case of a Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 11.15 ), any United States withholding tax imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect at the time such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment or designates a new lending office, except in each case to the extent that amounts with respect to such taxes were payable either to such Lender’s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, and (iii) taxes imposed under FATCA. If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Law to deduct any Taxes or Excluded 33 Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under any Loan Document to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, (i) in the case of Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 ), each of the Administrative Agent and such Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall make such deductions, (iii) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable Laws and (iv) within 30 days after the date of such payment, where the payment is by the Borrower, the Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent (which shall forward the same to such Lender) the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary taxes and any other similar excise or property taxes or charges or levies which arise from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document (hereinafter referred to as “Other Taxes”). (c) Subject to Section 11.14(a)(iii) , each Borrower agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender for (i) the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes (including any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 3.01 ) paid by the Administrative Agent and such Lender, and (ii) any liability (including additions to tax, penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, in each case whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. Payment under this Section 3.01(c) shall be made within 30 days after the date the Lender or the Administrative Agent makes a demand therefor. (d) If any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund (whether by way of a direct payment or by offset) of any Taxes or Other Taxes paid or indemnified by the Borrower under this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to the Borrower the amount of such refund (but only to the extent of payments by the Borrower made under this Section 3.01 with respect to Taxes giving rise to such refund, and net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including any Taxes) of such Lender or the Administrative Agent and, for the avoidance of doubt, without interest other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) if (i) payment of the Taxes or Other Taxes being refunded has been made in full as and when required pursuant to this Section 3.01 and (ii) the Borrower agrees in writing to repay the amount of such refund, together with interest thereon, to the applicable Lender or the Administrative Agent in the event such Lender or the Administrative Agent is required to repay such refund to the Governmental Authority that imposed the Tax or Other Tax being refunded. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (d), in no event will the Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, be required to pay any amount to the Borrower, pursuant to this 34 paragraph (d) the payment of which would place the Lender or the Administrative Agent in a less favorable net after-tax position than it would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any Lender or the Administrative Agent to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 3.02 Illegality. (a) If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Eurodollar Rate Loans, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. (b) Upon any Lender’s giving notice and suspending its obligations relating to Eurodollar Rate Loans in accordance with Section 3.02(a) , the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.15 . 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates. If in connection with any request for a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, (a) the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan (in each case with respect to clause (a) above, “ Impacted Loans ”), or (b) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurodollar Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent upon the instruction of the Required Lenders revokes such notice. Upon 35 receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans or Interest Periods) without cost or penalty or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. 3.04 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy. (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Eurodollar Rate); (ii) subject any Lender or the Administrative Agent to any taxes of any kind whatsoever (other than (A) Taxes imposed on payments under any Loan Document, (B) Other Taxes and (C) Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or (iii) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Loans made by such Lender; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Eurodollar Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender, the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any lending office of such Lender or such Lender’s holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender’s holding company for any such reduction suffered. (c) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s right to demand such compensation; provided , that notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 3.04(a) and (b) , (i) the Borrower shall only be liable for amounts in respect of increased costs or reductions for the period beginning up to six months prior to the date on which such demand was made (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 36 six month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof), and (ii) the Lender claiming compensation therefor shall have applied consistent return metrics applied to other similarly situated borrowers or obligors with respect to such increased costs or reductions. 3.05 Funding Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Eurodollar Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or (c) any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 11.15 ; including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained; provided that the Borrower shall have no obligation to pay to any Lender any of the foregoing amounts incurred in connection with such Lender being a Defaulting Lender. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Base Rate used in determining the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 3.06 Matters Applicable to all Requests for Compensation. (a) A certificate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender claiming compensation under this ARTICLE III and setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error; provided, that in the case of any such certificate delivered pursuant to Section 3.04 , such certificate (i) sets forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts payable to such Lender pursuant to Sections 3.04(a) and (b) and the basis for determining such amount or amounts and (ii) explains the methodology used to determine such amount. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. In determining such amount, the Administrative Agent or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. (b) Upon any Lender’s making a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or if the Borrower is required to pay amounts to any Lender under Section 3.01 as a result of any Taxes or Other Taxes, in each case the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.15 . 37 3.07 Survival. All of the Borrower’s obligations under this ARTICLE III shall survive termination of the Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 4.01 Conditions Precedent to Effective Date. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) The Administrative Agent’s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals, facsimiles or PDFs (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower: (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement satisfying the requirements of Section 11.10 ; (ii) a customary certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Borrower attaching copies of its certificate of incorporation and by-laws as in effect on the Effective Date, a good standing certificate for it from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware dated as of a recent date and resolutions of its Board of Directors authorizing execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party; and (iii) a customary incumbency certificate in respect of each of the officers of the Borrower who are authorized to sign this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on its behalf and who will, until replaced by another officer or officers duly authorized for that purpose, act as its representative for the purposes of signing documents and giving notices and other communications in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. (b) All fees required by the Loan Documents to be paid (including fees payable on or prior to the Effective Date pursuant to the Fee Letters) by the Borrower, and all invoiced expenses (including Attorney Costs) required to be paid by the Borrower, to the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender prior to the Effective Date shall have been paid, to the extent that such invoices have been presented to the Borrower at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Effective Date. (c) The Arrangers shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act, in each case that has been requested in writing prior to the Effective Date. (d) The representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in ARTICLE V (other than Section 5.14 ) or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct on and as of the Effective Date and there shall be no Default hereunder, and the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate from a Responsible Officer certifying to the satisfaction of the condition precedent in this clause (d). 38 (e) The Borrower shall have received (x) a copy of the fully executed Purchase Agreement, (y) a copy of the Business Combination Agreement, and (z) a copy of the Offer Announcement, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lenders. 4.02 Conditions Precedent to Loans on the Closing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make Loans on the Closing Date is subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date and satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) The Administrative Agent’s receipt of favorable opinions, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, of Morrison & [COMPANY] and Wade Estey, Senior Counsel of the Borrower, each in substantially the form agreed prior to the Effective Date. (b) The Major Representations shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date and no Major Default shall be continuing or shall occur as a result of the Transactions on the Closing Date. (c) (i) Except for the payment of the consideration in connection with the Private Sale pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, all conditions precedent for the consummation of the Private Sale shall have been satisfied in accordance with the Purchase Agreement on or prior to the last day of the Certain Funds Period and the Purchase Agreement shall not have been amended, supplemented or modified, and no condition shall have been waived or consent thereunder granted, in any respect that is not permitted by Section 7.06(a), (ii) delivery to the Arrangers of (A) a copy of the draft Offer Document incorporating the Key Offer Terms and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Arrangers at least 3 Business Days prior to submission to the BaFin, and (B) a copy of the draft Convertible Offer Document incorporating the Key Convertible Offer Terms and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Arrangers at least 3 Business Days prior to its publication, in each case accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer confirming that such draft Offer Document or draft Convertible Offer Document contains all of the terms of the Offer or Convertible Offer, as applicable, (iii) delivery to the Arrangers of (A) copies of any amendments, supplements or modifications to the Purchase Agreement, and (B) copies of any amendments, supplements or modifications to, the Offer Document and the Convertible Offer Document since the drafts referred to in clause (ii), (iv) the Unconditional Date shall have occurred and the Initial Acceptance Period shall have expired and (v) unless otherwise agreed by the Arrangers (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), the Closing Date shall not occur prior to January 17, 2014. (d) The Arrangers shall have received (a) U.S. GAAP audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of the Borrower for the three most recent fiscal years ended at least ninety (90) days prior to the Closing Date and (b) U.S. GAAP unaudited consolidated and (to the extent available) consolidating balance sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of each of the Borrower and the Target for each subsequent fiscal quarter ended at least sixty (60) days before the Closing Date, which financial statements of the Borrower shall meet the requirements of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. 39 (e) The Arrangers shall have received copies of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Target for the three most recent fiscal years ended at least 90 days prior the Closing Date and the most recent semi-annual financial statements for the Target. (f) All fees required by the Loan Documents to be paid (including fees payable on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the Fee Letters) by the Borrower, and all invoiced expenses (including Attorney Costs) required to be paid by the Borrower, to the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender prior to the Closing Date shall have been paid, to the extent that such invoices have been presented to the Borrower at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. (g) The Arrangers shall have received, at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act, in each case that has been requested in writing at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date. (h) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Loan Notice from the Borrower in accordance with the requirements hereof. (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower confirming satisfaction of the conditions in clauses (b), (c)(i) and (c)(iv) of this Section 4.02 . 4.03 Conditions Precedent to Loans after the Closing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make Loans after the Closing Date is subject to the occurrence of the Closing Date and the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) The Major Representations shall be true and correct as of the date of funding of such Loans and no Major Default shall be continuing on such date or shall occur as a result thereof. (b) The Subsequent Acceptance Period shall have expired. (c) All fees required by the Loan Documents to be paid (including fees payable on or prior to such funding pursuant to the Fee Letters) by the Borrower, and all invoiced expenses (including Attorney Costs) required to be paid by the Borrower, to the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender prior to such funding shall have been paid, to the extent that such invoices have been presented to the Borrower at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of such funding. (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Loan Notice from the Borrower in accordance with the requirements hereof. (e) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower confirming the satisfaction of the conditions in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 4.03 . 40 4.04 [Reserved]. 4.05 Actions During Certain Funds Period. During the Certain Funds Period (notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary), unless a Major Default has occurred and is continuing, none of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to, without the consent of the Borrower: (a) refuse to make any Loan as provided in Section 2.01 if the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 or 4.03 , as applicable, are satisfied; (b) terminate any Commitment where to do so would prevent or limit the making of a Loan (except as otherwise expressly contemplated in ARTICLE II); (c) rescind, terminate or cancel this Agreement or the credit facilities provided for herein where to do so would prevent or limit the making of a Loan; or (d) exercise any right of setoff or counterclaim in respect of any Loan where to do so would prevent or limit the making of a Loan; provided that immediately upon the expiry of the Certain Funds Period, all such rights, remedies and entitlements shall be available to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent notwithstanding that they may not have been used or available for use during the Certain Funds Period. ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The Borrower represents and warrants on the Effective Date (other than in respect of Section 5.14 only), the Closing Date and the date of each Borrowing hereunder to the Administrative Agent and each Lender (it being understood that the accuracy of the representations are not a condition precedent to borrowing except as set forth in Article IV) that: 5.01 Corporate Existence and Power. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries: (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization; (b) has the power and authority and all required governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to own its assets, carry on its business and to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party; (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; and (d) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law; except, (i) with respect to Subsidiaries other than Material Subsidiaries, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) with respect to the Borrower and its Material Subsidiaries, in each case referred to in clause (c) or clause (d), to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 41 5.02 Corporate Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which the Borrower is party, and any Borrowing as of the date of such Borrowing have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not and will not: (a) contravene the terms of the Borrower’s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, any document evidencing any Contractual Obligation to which the Borrower is a party or any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority to which the Borrower or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Requirement of Law. 5.03 Governmental Authorization. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, the Borrower of the Agreement or any other Loan Document. 5.04 Binding Effect. This Agreement and each other Loan Document to which the Borrower is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 5.05 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending, or to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against the Borrower, or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties which: (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; or (b) if determined adversely to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as of the Effective Date. No injunction, writ, temporary restraining order or any order of any nature has been issued by any court or other Governmental Authority purporting to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or directing that the transactions provided for herein or therein not be consummated as herein or therein provided. 5.06 No Default. No Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the incurring of any Obligations by the Borrower. As of the Effective Date, neither the Borrower 42 nor any Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation in any respect which, individually or together with all such defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as of the Effective Date, or that would, if such default had occurred after the Effective Date, create an Event of Default under Section 8.01(e) . 5.07 Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. (a) The proceeds of the Loans are to be used solely for the purposes set forth in Section 6.10 . (b) Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is generally engaged in the business of purchasing or selling Margin Stock or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. 5.08 Financial Condition. (a) [COMPANY] Statements: (A) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, subject in the case of the unaudited statements to ordinary, good faith year end audit adjustments; (B) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and results of operations for the period covered thereby; and (C) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the date thereof required to be shown in accordance with GAAP. (b) Since March 31, 2013, there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 5.09 Regulated Entities. None of the Borrower, any Person controlling the Borrower, or any Subsidiary, is or is required to be registered as an “investment company” within the meaning of the [COMPANY] Act of 1940. The Borrower is not subject to regulation under the Federal Power Act, the Interstate Commerce Act, any state public utilities code, or any other Federal, state or other statute or regulation limiting its ability to incur Indebtedness. 5.10 No Burdensome Restrictions. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any Contractual Obligation, or subject to any restriction in any Organization Document, or any Requirement of Law, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.11 Subsidiaries and Certain Liens As of the Effective Date. As of the Effective Date, the Borrower has no Subsidiaries other than those listed in part (a) of Schedule 5.11 hereto. As of the Effective Date, part (b) of Schedule 5.11 describes all outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for borrowed money in excess of $25,000,000 that is secured by a Lien existing on property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 43 5.12 Taxes. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have timely filed or caused to be filed all Federal income tax returns and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed tax assessment against the Borrower or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Effective Date, neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary thereof is a party to any tax sharing agreement other than an agreement solely between the Borrower and one or more Subsidiaries. 5.13 OFAC, FCPA, USA PATRIOT Act. (a) None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer employee, agent or affiliate of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are: (i) the subject of any international economic sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“ OFAC ”), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty’s Treasury (collectively, “ Sanctions ”), or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions. (b) The Borrower will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions, to the extent that any such activity or business, or the funding of any such activity or business, would be in violation of the Sanctions or would be prohibited for a U.S. Person pursuant to any Sanctions. (c) The Borrower has implemented and will maintain in effect and use reasonable commercial efforts to enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, employees and agents with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the “ FCPA ”) and all other anti-corruption laws applicable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. (d) The Borrower, its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, each of its and its Subsidiaries’ respective employees, agents and Affiliates are in compliance in all material respects with the FCPA, all other anti-corruption laws and all Sanctions applicable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. (e) No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity in violation of the FCPA or any other applicable anti-corruption law. 44 (f) The Borrower is in compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act. 5.14 The Offer. The Offer Document (or, as the case may be, the draft Offer Document) contains all of the terms of the Offer and the Convertible Offer Document (or, as the case may be, the draft Convertible Offer Document) contains all of the terms of the Convertible Offer. ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than Obligations under Section 11.04(b) that remain contingent after termination of the Commitments and payment of all other Obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, unless the Required Lenders waive compliance in writing: 6.01 Financial Statements. The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 70 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of Deloitte & [COMPANY] or another nationally recognized independent certified public accountant, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP and shall not be subject to any “going concern” or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit; and (b) as soon as available, but in any event within 55 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2013, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Borrower’s fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(b) , the Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under clause (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) at the times specified therein. 45 6.02 Certificates; Other Information. The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent: (a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) , a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; (b) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Borrower, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; and (c) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(b) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which it is publicly available at no charge on the EDGAR system of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, (ii) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower’s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 11.02 ; or (iii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower’s behalf on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (a “ Platform ”), if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent). The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent may make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower under Section 6.01(a) , 6.01(b) , 6.02(a) and 6.02(b) (and any other such materials and/or information to the extent the Borrower has previously consented in writing) (collectively, “ Borrower Materials ”) by posting the Borrower Materials on a Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a “ Public Lender ”) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons’ securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (a) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (b) by marking Borrower Materials “PUBLIC,” the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat 46 the Borrower Materials as publicly available information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws; (c) all Borrower Materials marked “PUBLIC” are permitted to be made available through a portion of a Platform designated “Public Investor”; and (d) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked “PUBLIC” as being suitable only for posting on a portion of a Platform not designated “Public Investor”. 6.03 Notices. The Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent: (a) of the occurrence of any Default; (b) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (c) promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining knowledge thereof of (i) the institution of, or non-frivolous threat of, any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively “ Proceedings ”) not previously disclosed in writing by the Borrower to the Lenders or (ii) any material development in any Proceeding that, in the case of clause (i) or (ii) above, (A) has a reasonable possibility of giving rise to a Material Adverse Effect; or (B) seeks to enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of, or to recover any damages or obtain relief as a result of, the transactions contemplated hereby, together with such other information as may be reasonably available to Borrower that the Administrative Agent requests to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to evaluate such matters; (d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (e) of any announcement by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch of any change or possible change in a Debt Rating; and (f) of (i) the occurrence of any ERISA Event with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount in excess of $50,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, or (ii) the existence of an amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities), which exceeds 3% of Net Worth. Notification delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender by the Borrower under this Section 6.03 shall satisfy the notice obligation of the Borrower hereunder. Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 47 6.04 Preservation of Existence, Etc. The Borrower shall, and shall cause its Material Subsidiaries to, (a) preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.02 and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all governmental rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary in the normal conduct of its business, except in connection with transactions permitted by Section 7.02 and except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6.05 Maintenance of Insurance. The Borrower shall, and shall cause its Material Subsidiaries to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance (including self-insurance) with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as the Borrower reasonably deems prudent from time to time. 6.06 Payment of Taxes. The Borrower shall, and shall cause its Material Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets (other than obligations that a Responsible Officer is not aware of or are of a nominal amount), unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Borrower or such Subsidiary. 6.07 Compliance with Laws. The Borrower shall, and shall cause its Material Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with the Requirements of Law applicable to it or to its business, except in such instances in which (a) a Requirement of Law is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6.08 Books and Records. The Borrower shall, and shall cause its Material Subsidiaries to, maintain in all material respects proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower and such Material Subsidiary, as the case may be. 6.09 Inspection Rights. The Borrower shall, and shall cause its Material Subsidiaries to, permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided , however , that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the reasonable expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 6.10 Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans will be used to pay the Acquisition Consideration and related Transaction Costs. 48 6.11 Refinancing the Loans. The Borrower shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to refinance the Loans and Commitments as promptly as reasonably practicable following the Closing Date and in connection therewith shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to the Arrangers as promptly as reasonably practicable (i) customary pro forma financial statements for the Borrower (giving effect to the Initial Share Purchase) meeting the requirements of Regulation S-X and (ii) a preliminary prospectus or preliminary offering memorandum or preliminary private placement memorandum for use in a customary “roadshow” for an investment grade issuer and which will be in a form that will enable the independent registered accountants of the Borrower and the Acquired Business to render a customary “comfort letter” (including customary “negative assurance”). 6.12 The Offer and the Convertible Offer and Related Matters. (a) The Borrower shall cause Bidco to conduct (i) the Offer in accordance with, and otherwise comply in all material respects with, the German Takeover Code and all other applicable laws and regulations relating to the Offer and (ii) the Convertible Offer in accordance with, and otherwise comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations relating to, the Convertible Offer. (b) The Borrower shall promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent: (i) (A) at least 3 Business Days prior to the first submission to BaFin (and as soon as reasonably practicable prior to each other submission to BaFin, if any), a copy of the draft Offer Document to be submitted to BaFin; and (B) promptly after its publication, a copy of any amendment, supplement or modification to the Offer Document; and (ii) (A) at least 3 Business Days prior to its publication, a copy of the draft Convertible Offer Document; and (B) promptly after its publication, a copy of any amendment or supplement to the Convertible Offer Document. (c) The Borrower shall keep the Administrative Agent reasonably informed as to the status and progress of the Offer and the Convertible Offer, and any material post-Acquisition transactions related thereto, including without limitation (i) any event or circumstance which may cause the Offer to lapse and, promptly upon request, details of the current level of acceptances of the Offer of which it is aware, (ii) a running tally (reported to the Administrative Agent from time to time after the initial Borrowing hereunder, on the number of shares of the Target acquired by Bidco and (iii) the status of Bidco’s efforts to enter into a domination and profit and loss transfer agreement with the Target (the “ Domination Agreement ”). (d) Unless the Target has been merged into Bidco or converted into a limited liability company, the Borrower shall cause Bidco to use all commercially reasonable efforts to enter into the Domination Agreement as soon as practicable after the Final Settlement Date (which efforts shall include, to the extent reasonably required in order to implement the Domination Agreement, the acquisition of additional shares or convertible debt in the Target) and shall cause Bidco not to terminate such Domination Agreement. 49 ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than Obligations under Section 11.04(b) that remain contingent after termination of the Commitments and payment of all other Obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, unless the Required Lenders waive compliance in writing: 7.01 Liens. The Borrower shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following (“ Permitted Liens ”): (a) any Lien existing on property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary on the Effective Date securing Indebtedness outstanding on such date; (b) any Lien created under any Loan Document; (c) Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; (d) carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s, landlords’, repairmen’s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty; (e) pledges or deposits required in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA; (f) Liens on the property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary securing (i) the non-delinquent performance of bids, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, (ii) contingent obligations on surety and appeal bonds, and (iii) other non-delinquent obligations of a like nature; in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided all such Liens in the aggregate would not (even if enforced) cause a Material Adverse Effect; (g) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; (h) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to banker’s liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution; provided that (i) such deposit account is not a dedicated cash collateral account and is not subject to restrictions against access by the 50 Borrower in excess of those set forth by regulations promulgated by the FRB, and (ii) such deposit account is not intended by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to provide collateral to the depository institution; (i) Liens arising out of any Qualified Receivables Transaction; (j) any Lien on Margin Stock if and to the extent the value of all Margin Stock of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries exceed 25% of the value of the total assets subject to this Section; and (k) Liens securing Indebtedness and other obligations (other than Indebtedness and other obligations secured by Liens described in any of the foregoing Sections 7.01(a) through (j) ) in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding at any time $2,000,000,000. 7.02 Consolidations and Mergers. The Borrower shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, liquidate, dissolve, merge, amalgamate, consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except: (a) any Subsidiary may merge with the Borrower, provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation, or with any one or more Subsidiaries, provided that if any transaction shall be between a Subsidiary and a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the Wholly-Owned Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving corporation; (b) Apex Health Distribution Canada or any Subsidiary of Apex Health Distribution Canada may amalgamate with Apex Health Distribution Canada or with any one or more of the Borrower’s Subsidiaries and any of the Borrower’s Subsidiaries may amalgamate with any one or more of the Borrower’s Subsidiaries; (c) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer or exchange all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; (d) the Borrower may convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its pharmacology distribution business to a wholly-owned Domestic Subsidiary; and (e) the Borrower may merge or consolidate with or into another Person, provided that (i) either (x) the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation or (y) (A) the successor Person (if other than the Borrower) formed by such consolidation or into which the Borrower is merged (the “ Successor ”) is a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia, and (B) the Successor (if any) shall have expressly assumed all of the Borrower’s Obligations pursuant to documentation in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) no Default or Event of Default is in effect immediately prior to or on the date of or would result from such merger or consolidation. 51 7.03 Use of Proceeds. The Borrower shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use the proceeds of any Loan, directly or indirectly, (a) to purchase or carry Margin Stock in contravention of Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, (b) to repay or otherwise refinance indebtedness of the Borrower or others incurred to purchase or carry Margin Stock in contravention of said Regulation U, (c) to extend credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock in contravention of said Regulation U, or (d) to acquire any security in any transaction that is subject to Section 13 or 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, in contravention of said Regulation U. 7.04 Maximum Debt to Capitalization Ratio. The Borrower shall not permit the ratio of Total Debt to Total Capitalization as at the last day of any calendar month to exceed 0.65 to 1.00. 7.05 Swap Contracts. The Borrower shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, enter into Swap Contracts only in the ordinary course of business and not for any purpose other than for hedging an existing or anticipated underlying agreement. 7.06 The Offer. (a) The Borrower shall not permit Bidco (without the Arrangers’ prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed)) (i) to amend, supplement, modify, waive or treat as satisfied any condition of the Offer, the Convertible Offer or the Private Sale or (ii) amend, supplement, modify or waive (A) any term of the Offer Document after submission to BaFin, (B) any term of the Convertible Offer Document after publication or (C) any term of the Purchase Agreement, or grant any consent under any of them, in each case in any respect that, in the aggregate, is materially adverse to the Lenders, provided that any amendment, supplement, modification, waiver or treatment as satisfied of any of the Key Offer Terms or Key Convertible Offer Terms (other than an amendment or supplement of an administrative or technical nature and other than in connection with a reduction of the Maximum Offer Consideration or the Maximum Convertible Offer Consideration) shall, in each case be deemed to be materially adverse to the Lenders. The Borrower shall not, without the Arrangers’ prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed)), permit (i) the consideration to be paid to the shareholders of Target in connection with the Offer and to be paid under the Purchase Agreement to exceed, on a price or value per share basis, the Maximum Offer Consideration and (ii) the consideration per Convertible Bond to be paid to the holders of the Convertible Bonds in connection with the Convertible Bond Offer to exceed, on a price or value per bond basis, the Maximum Convertible Offer Consideration. (b) Without prejudice to any of the above, without the Arrangers’ prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), the Borrower shall not and shall not permit Bidco or any other Affiliate (or any person acting collectively with Borrower, Bidco or any of their Affiliates within the meaning of Section 2(5) of the German Takeover Act) to (i) enter into agreements which entitle them to demand the transfer of title to shares of the Target or Convertible Bonds if such agreements contain more or different closing conditions than the ones set forth in Section 4.2.1 of the Purchase Agreement unless the settlement of those agreements occurs no later than the Closing Date, (ii) take any actions or 52 measures which would result in an attribution of voting rights pursuant to Section 30 of the German Takeover Act pursuant to Section 4.2.1(iii) of the Purchase Agreement without being able to legally ensure that such voting rights can be exercised by Bidco in the general meeting resolving upon the Domination Agreement; this shall apply mutatis mutandis to an attribution pursuant to Section 4.2.1(v)(C) of the Purchase Agreement or (iii) take any action to declare a special dividend of Target at any time prior to the execution of a Domination Agreement that would decrease the conversion price under any bond convertible into shares in the Target to the extent that it would conflict with the Borrower’s obligation under Section 6.12(d). (c) The Borrower shall not permit Bidco to take any action or step (or permit the taking of any action or step) which may result in Bidco, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries being or becoming obliged to make a mandatory offer pursuant to Section 35 of the German Takeover Code. (d) Except as required by law or regulation, the Borrower shall not, and not permit BidCo nor any of its other Subsidiaries to make any statement or announcement (other than in the Offer Document) which contains any information or statement concerning the Loan Documents or the Arrangers, Agents or Lenders without the prior consent of the Arrangers. ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 8.01 Events of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: (a) Non-Payment . The Borrower fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan, or (ii) within five days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan, or any undrawn commitment fee, duration fee or other fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or (b) Specific Covenants . The Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained Section 6.04(a) or ARTICLE VII ; or (c) Other Defaults . The Borrower fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b) ) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after the earlier of (i) in the case of any provision in ARTICLE VI , the date upon which a Responsible Officer knew of such failure or (ii) the date upon which written notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lenders; or (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 53 (e) Cross-Default . (i) The Borrower or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than any intercompany Indebtedness or any Indebtedness hereunder or under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $100,000,000 (such Indebtedness or Guarantee being a “ Relevant Obligation ”) and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the relevant document on the date of such failure, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to, or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating to, any Relevant Obligation, and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the relevant document on the date of such failure, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder, holders, beneficiary or beneficiaries (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem Relevant Obligation to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such cash collateral in respect of such Relevant Obligation to be demanded (provided that an Acquired Debt Default shall not constitute an Event of Default pursuant to this clause (i)(B) so long as such Acquired Debt Default is waived or cured, or the Relevant Obligation giving rise thereto is repaid, within 30 days of consummation of the transaction giving rise thereto) or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than $100,000,000; or (f) Insolvency; Voluntary Proceedings . The Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (i) ceases or fails to be solvent, or generally fails to pay, or admits in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, subject to applicable grace periods, if any, whether at stated maturity or otherwise; (ii) voluntarily ceases to conduct its business in the ordinary course; (iii) commences any Insolvency Proceeding with respect to itself; or (iv) takes any action to effectuate or authorize any of the foregoing; or (g) Involuntary Proceedings . (i) Any involuntary Insolvency Proceeding is commenced or filed against the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary, or any writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process, is issued or levied against a substantial part of the Borrower’s or any Material Subsidiary’s properties, and any such proceeding or petition shall not be dismissed, or such writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process shall not be released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty (60) days after commencement, filing or levy; (ii) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary admits the material allegations of a petition against it in any Insolvency Proceeding, or an order for relief (or similar order under non-U.S. law) is ordered in any Insolvency Proceeding; or (iii) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary acquiesces in the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, mortgagee in possession (or agent therefor), or other similar Person for itself or a substantial portion of its property or business; or 54 (h) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount in excess of $100,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, or (ii) there shall exist an amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities), which exceeds 7% of Net Worth; or (i) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or the Borrower contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or the Borrower denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; or (j) Change of Control . (i) There occurs any Change of Control or (ii) Borrower cease to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the stock of Bidco. 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: (a) subsequent to the Closing Date, declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans to be terminated, whereupon such commitments shall be terminated; (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; (c) [RESERVED]; and (d) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or applicable law; provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, except in the case of Section 8.01(g)(i) , in which case upon the expiration of the 60-day period mentioned therein if the curative action mentioned in such clause is not taken, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans shall automatically terminate and the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 55 8.03 Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans and other Obligations have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including Attorney Costs and amounts payable under ARTICLE III ) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs and amounts payable under ARTICLE III ), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; and Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 8.04 Clean-up Period During the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the later of (i) 90 days from and including the Closing Date and (ii) 60 days following the discovery by a Responsible Officer of Borrower of a Target Default (as defined below), which discovery occurs within the time period referred to in clause (i) (the “ Clean-up Period ”), none of the Administrative Agent or any Lender may (x) declare that a Default or an Event of Default has occurred (and no such Default or Event of Default will be deemed to otherwise exist hereunder during the Clean-Up Period or the Extended Period (as defined below)), or (y) terminate the Commitments or declare the Loans to be due and payable as a result solely of one or more Defaults or Events of Default described in Section 8.01, in each case, insofar as it relates to the Target or any of its Subsidiaries (including for the avoidance of doubt any Default or Event of Default arising under Section 8.01(e) with respect to the Relevant Obligations of the Target) (a “ Target Default ”); provided that: (a) the event or circumstance giving rise to such Target Default, or the result of such Target Default, (i) directly relates to the Target or any of its subsidiaries (or any of their businesses, assets or liabilities), (ii) is capable of being cured or remedied during the Clean-up Period and (subject to any restrictions and limitations on the influence Bidco may exercise as shareholder of the Target pursuant to mandatory German corporate law) commercially reasonable steps are taken by the Borrower or Bidco to 56 remedy it, (iii) could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) has not been procured or approved by the Borrower or Bidco, and (v) was either not known by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower prior to the Effective Date or was disclosed or otherwise described in the financial statements and reports of the Target publicly filed prior to the Effective Date; and (b) that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to exercise any and all rights and remedies granted to them hereunder and under the Loan Documents with respect to any such Default or Event of Default that is still in existence after the expiration of the Clean-up Period. ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Administrative Agent. (a) Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this ARTICLE IX are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions other than the provisions of Section 9.06 relating to the Borrower’s consultation and notice rights. (b) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Loan Document, no Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall the Administrative Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term “agent” herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. 9.02 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not such Administrative Agent and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Each such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial 57 advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Persons were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions. The Administrative Agent shall have no duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law; and (c) shall, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, not have any duty to disclose, and shall be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 11.01 and 8.02 ) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in ARTICLE IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 9.04 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent 58 and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. 9.05 Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person or Persons. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 9.06 Successor Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which, in the case of the Administrative Agent, shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (a) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (b) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the 59 provisions of this Article and Section 11.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as the Administrative Agent. 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. Neither the Syndication Agent nor either of the Arrangers shall have any duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as a Lender hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders, the Syndication Agent or the Arrangers shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the other Lenders, the Syndication Agent or the Arrangers in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 11.04 ) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 11.04 . 60 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. ARTICLE X. [RESERVED] ARTICLE XI. MISCELLANEOUS 11.01 Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: (a) [reserved]; (b) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 ) without the written consent of such Lender; (c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or (subject to clause (ii) of the second proviso to this Section 11.01 ) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of “Default Rate” or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate; (e) change Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby or amend the definition of “Pro Rata Share” without the written consent of each Lender; or (f) change any provision of this Section 11.01, the definition of “Required Lenders” or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; 61 and, provided further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (ii) the Fee Letters may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, only in a writing executed by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of the Lenders. 11.02 Notices and [COMPANY]; Facsimile Copies. (a) General . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: (i) if to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 11.02 ; and (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). (b) [COMPANY] . All notices hereunder to the Borrower shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier (or, to the extent permitted hereunder to be given by telephone, immediately confirmed in a writing so delivered, mailed or sent). Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to ARTICLE II if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 62 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the “ Agent Parties ”) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower’s or the Administrative Agent’s transmission of Borrower Materials through the internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). (d) Change of Address, Etc . Each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may change its address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Furthermore, each Public Lender (as defined in Section 6.02 ) agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the “Private Side Information” or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform (as defined in Section 6.02 ) in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender’s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials (as defined in Section 1.01 ) that are not made available through the “Public Side Information” portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 63 (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent and Lenders . The Administrative Agent and Lender shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower which the Administrative Agent or Lender believes in good faith to have been given by a duly authorized officer or other person authorized to borrow on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other communications with an Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 11.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Borrower or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 11.08 , or (c) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) and (c) of the preceding proviso, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 11.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. (a) Costs and Expenses . The Borrower agrees (i) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Syndication Agent for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable and 64 documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of Davis Polk & [COMPANY]) incurred in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, and the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications and waivers thereto (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including all reasonable and documented Attorney Costs and (ii) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent and each Lender for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement, attempted enforcement, or preservation of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any “workout” or restructuring in respect of the Obligations and during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law), including all reasonable and documented Attorney Costs. The foregoing costs and expenses shall include all search, filing, recording, title insurance and appraisal charges and fees and taxes related thereto, and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and the cost of independent public accountants and other outside experts retained by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent or any Lender. All amounts due under this Section 11.04 shall be payable within 20 Business Days after demand therefor. (b) Indemnification by the Borrower . Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent, each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “ Indemnitee ”) from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements (including reasonable and documented Attorney Costs of one counsel for all Indemnitees (and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction for all Indemnitees) unless, in the reasonable opinion of an Indemnitee, representation of all Indemnitees by such counsel would be inappropriate due to the existence of an actual or potential conflict of interest)) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any such Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with (i) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance or administration of any Loan Document or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby or the consummation of the Transactions (including the Acquisition or any transaction in connection therewith), (ii) any Commitment, Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom or (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding) and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing, collectively, the “ Indemnified Liabilities ”); provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (x) such Indemnitee’s bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct or (y) non-tort claims by the Borrower against such Indemnitee that are successful on the merits as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. 65 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing (it being acknowledged that, for the avoidance of doubt, such required amounts do not include any fees arising solely from the Fee Letter), each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender’s Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought on the basis of total Loans and Commitments then outstanding) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (b) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither the Borrower shall nor any Indemnitee shall assert, and the Borrower and each Indemnitee hereby waives, any claim against the Borrower and any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than 20 Business Days after demand therefor. (f) Survival . The agreements in this Section 11.04 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 11.05 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of set-off, and such payment or the proceeds of such set-off or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such set-off had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. 66 11.06 Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder (except in a transaction permitted under Section 7.02 ) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(d) or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 11.06(f) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 11.06(d) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its undrawn Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that (i) except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s undrawn Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, the aggregate amount of the undrawn Commitment and/or Loans subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $2,500,000 and increments of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); (ii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned and (iii) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption and (except in the case of an assignment by a Lender to its Affiliate) a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment, and the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.06(c) , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the 67 case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 and 11.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 11.06(b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 11.06(d) . (c) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a nonfiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent’s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of and stated interest on the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “ Register ”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. In addition, at any time that a request for a consent for a material or substantive change to the Loan Documents is pending, any Lender wishing to consult with other Lenders in connection therewith may request and receive from the Administrative Agent a copy of the Register. (d) (i) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of or notice to any other Person, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) unless a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower shall have approved the sale of participations to such Person (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (B) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (C) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; (D) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement; and (E) such Lender complies with Section 11.06(d)(ii) . Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 11.01 that directly affects such Participant. Subject to Section 11.06(e) , the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 11.06(b) . To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. 68 (ii) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the “ Participant Register ”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender may treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. (e) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower’s prior written consent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 11.14(a)(iii)(A) , a Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 as if it were a Lender if the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 11.14 as though it were a Lender. (f) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. (g) As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings: “ Eligible Assignee ” means (a) a Lender; (b) an Affiliate of a Lender; (c) an Approved Fund; (d) any Permitted Assignee and (e) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Administrative Agent, and (ii) unless a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, “Eligible Assignee” shall not include (w) the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (x) any Defaulting Lender; (y) any natural Person or (z) any person listed on Schedule 11.06 hereto; provided that with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers the Borrower may from time to time after the date hereof update such list by removing Persons from such list or adding Persons that are competitors of the Borrower or affiliates of competitors of the Borrower to such list, it being understood that (x) such modifications to the list shall be made available to all Lenders, (y) the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility for monitoring compliance with such list and (z) such list shall not be gvien retroactive effect. 69 (h) [RESERVED]. (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Note, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations or securities, provided that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of this Section11.06 , (a) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under the Loan Documents and (b) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under the Loan Documents even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise. For purposes of this Section11.06(i) , “ Fund ” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. (j) [RESERVED]. (k) Electronic Execution of Assignments . The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 11.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent and Lenders agrees to maintain, and to cause its Affiliates (including any Related Parties) to maintain, the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates’ respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential); (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners); (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (d) to any other party hereto; (e) to the extent reasonably required, in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents; (g) with the consent of the Borrower; or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly 70 available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower; provided , however, that to the extent permitted by applicable law or regulation, each of the Administrative Agent and Lenders agrees to notify the Borrower prior to (if reasonably practicable) or concurrently with its disclosure of such information to any third party pursuant to clauses (b), (c) and (f). In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and public information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Commitments, and the Loans. For the purposes of this Section, “ Information ” means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower; provided that, in the case of any information received from the Borrower after the date hereof (other than in connection with Section 6.03 , all of which is acknowledged to constitute “Information” regardless of any marking as confidential), such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. Each of the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws. 11.08 Set-off. In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Lender is authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to the Borrower, any such notice being waived by the Borrower to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held by, and other indebtedness at any time owing by, such Lender to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all Obligations owing to such Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document, now or hereafter existing, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have made demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that of the applicable deposit or indebtedness. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and application made by such Lender; provided , however , that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 71 11.09 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the “ Maximum Rate ”). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 11.10 Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Subject to Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 11.11 Integration. This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, comprises the complete and integrated agreement of the parties on the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, on such subject matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control; provided that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in any other Loan Document shall not be deemed a conflict with this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof. 11.12 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Loan, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied. 11.13 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which 72 comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 11.14 Tax Forms. (a) (i) Each Lender that is not a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (a “ Foreign Lender ”) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, prior to receipt of any payment subject to withholding under the Code (or upon accepting an assignment of an interest herein), two duly signed completed copies of either IRS Form W-8BEN or any successor thereto (relating to such Foreign Lender and entitling it to an exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax on all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement) or IRS Form W-8ECI or any successor thereto (relating to all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement) and such other evidence satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that such Foreign Lender is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. withholding tax, including any exemption pursuant to Section 881(c) of the Code. Thereafter and from time to time, each such Foreign Lender shall (A) promptly submit to the Administrative Agent such additional duly completed and signed copies of one of such forms (or such successor forms as shall be adopted from time to time by the relevant United States taxing authorities) as may then be available under then current United States laws and regulations to avoid, or such evidence as is satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any available exemption from or reduction of, United States withholding taxes in respect of all payments to be made to such Foreign Lender by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, (B) promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction, and (C) take such steps as shall not be materially disadvantageous to it, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, and as may be reasonably necessary (including the re-designation of its Lending Office) to avoid any requirement of applicable Laws that the Borrower make any deduction or withholding for taxes from amounts payable to such Foreign Lender. (ii) Each Foreign Lender, to the extent it does not act or ceases to act for its own account with respect to any portion of any sums paid or payable to such Lender under any of the Loan Documents (for example, in the case of a typical participation by such Lender), shall deliver to the Administrative Agent on the date when such Foreign Lender ceases to act for its own account with respect to any portion of any such sums paid or payable, and at such other times as may be necessary in the determination of the Administrative Agent (in the reasonable exercise of its discretion), (A) two duly signed completed copies of the forms or statements required to be provided by such Lender as set forth above, to establish the portion of any such sums paid or payable with respect to which such Lender acts for its own account that is not subject to U.S. withholding tax, and (B) two duly signed completed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor thereto), together with any information such Lender chooses to transmit with such form, and any other certificate or statement of exemption required under the Code, to establish that such Lender is not acting for its own account with respect to a portion of any such sums payable to such Lender. 73 (iii) The Borrower shall not be required to pay any additional amount to or indemnify any Foreign Lender under Section 3.01 (A) with respect to any Taxes required to be deducted or withheld on the basis of the information, certificates or statements of exemption such Lender transmits with an IRS Form W 8IMY pursuant to this Section 11.11(a) (other than with respect to the portion of any sums paid or payable to such Lender under any of the Loan Doucments with respect to which such Lender acts for its own account) or (B) to the extent that the obligation to pay or indemnify such additional amounts would not have arisen but for the failure of such Foreign Lender to comply with the provisions of Section 11.14(a) ; provided that if such Lender shall have satisfied the requirement of this Section 11.14(a) effective as of the date such Lender became a Lender or ceased to act for its own account with respect to any payment under any of the Loan Documents, nothing in this Section 11.14(a) shall relieve the Borrower of its obligation to pay any amounts pursuant to Section 3.01 in the event that, as a result of any subsequent change in any applicable law, treaty or governmental rule, regulation or order, or any subsequent change in the interpretation, administration or application thereof, such Lender is no longer properly entitled to deliver forms, certificates or other evidence at a subsequent date establishing the fact that such Lender or other Person for the account of which such Lender receives any sums payable under any of the Loan Documents is not subject to withholding or is subject to withholding at a reduced rate. (iv) The Administrative Agent may, without reduction, withhold any Taxes required to be deducted and withheld from any payment under any of the Loan Documents with respect to which the Borrower is not required to pay additional amounts under this Section 11.14(a) . (b) Each Lender that is a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Administrative Agent two duly signed completed copies of IRS Form W-9. If such Lender fails to deliver such forms, then the Administrative Agent may withhold from any interest payment to such Lender an amount equivalent to the applicable back-up withholding tax imposed by the Code, without reduction. (c) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (c), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 74 (d) Without duplication of Sections 11.14(a) , Section 11.14(b) or Section 11.14(c) , any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation identified in Sections 11.14(a) , Section 11.14(b) or Section 11.14(c) ) shall not be required if in the Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (e) If any Governmental Authority asserts that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold or backup withhold, as the case may be, any tax or other amount from payments made to or for the account of any Lender, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent therefor, including all penalties and interest, any taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on the amounts payable to the Administrative Agent under this Section 11.14 , and costs and expenses (including Attorney Costs) of the Administrative Agent. The obligation of the Lenders under this Section 11.14 shall survive the termination of the Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and the resignation of the Administrative Agent. (f) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, within ten days after demand therefor, for any and all Taxes and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities, penalties, interest and expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Borrower or Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Borrower or the Administrative Agent by any Governmental Authority as a result of the failure by such Lender to deliver, or as a result of the inaccuracy or similar deficiency of any documentation required to be delivered by such Lender to the Borrower or Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.14 . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.06(d)(ii) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities, penalties, interest and expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent), whether or not such taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant 75 Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (f) . The agreements in this Section 11.14(f) will survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 11.15 Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, or if any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.06 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: (a) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 11.06(b) ; (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 ) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 11.16 Governing Law. (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE ; PROVIDED THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER SHALL RETAIN ALL RIGHTS ARISING UNDER FEDERAL LAW. 76 (b) ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS , WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO. THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF SUCH STATE. 11.17 Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 11.18 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates’ understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers are arm’s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) none of the Administrative 77 Agent nor the Lenders nor the Arrangers has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent nor the Lenders nor the Arrangers has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against any of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or the Arrangers with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 11.19 USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. 78 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. MCKESSON CORPORATION By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono Name: Nicholas A. Loiacono Title: Vice President and Treasurer 79 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: /s/ Zubin R. Shroff Name: Zubin R. Shroff Title: Director BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender By: /s/ Zubin R. Shroff Name: Zubin R. Shroff Title: [COMPANY], as a Lender By: /s/ Robert Ehudin Name: Robert Ehudin Title: Authorized Signatory GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Lender By: /s/ Robert Ehudin Name: Robert Ehudin Title: Authorized Signatory 80 SCHEDULE 1.01 SPECIFIED ASSET SALES 1) The sale of all of the shares of [COMPANY]. and certain assets related to the hospital automation business unit. 2) The potential divestiture of the [COMPANY], a division of Apex Health Distribution and a leading European provider of integrated clinical, financial and administrative software and service solutions. S-1 SCHEDULE 2.01 COMMITMENTS Lender Commitment Bank of America, N.A. $ 2,750,000,000 Goldman Sachs Bank USA $ 2,400,000,000 [COMPANY] $ 350,000,000 Total: $ 5,500,000,000 Schedule 2.01 – 1 SCHEDULE 5.11 SUBSIDIARIES AND INDEBTEDNESS SECURED BY LIENS Part (a). DOMESTIC/FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES Name 0939316 [COMPANY] 0954428 B.C. LTD. 3071406 [COMPANY] (Deutschland) [COMPANY] Clinic (Hamilton-Rosedale) [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] of Arizona, [COMPANY] of Missouri, [COMPANY] of Oklahoma, [COMPANY] of Pennsylvania, [COMPANY] of Virginia, LLC AOR of [COMPANY], LLC AOR Real Estate, LLC AOR Synthetic Real Estate, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] Blue Medical Supply, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] of Northeast Missouri, Ltd. Carrollton Radiation Therapy Center, LLC Cascade Medical Supply, Inc. CCCN NW Building JV, [COMPANY] CIM Centres d’Interventions Médicales Inc. City Properties, S.A. Claimone, LLC Clinique Santé Corporation / Corporation Clinique Santé [COMPANY] Groupe Pharmessor/[COMPANY] Cougar I UK Limited Cougar II UK Limited [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Schedule 5.11 – 1 D & K [COMPANY] Delta Clinical Research, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] & [COMPANY], Inc. DSRX, [COMPANY], LLC East Indy CC, LLC Federal Medical Supplies, Inc. Foremost de Venezuela, S.A. (Forvensa) [COMPANY] Foremost Shir, Inc. Foremost Tehran, [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Limited Gulf South Medical Supply, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] Infolab, LLC Innovent Oncology, [COMPANY], Inc. InteGreat, LLC Intercal, [COMPANY], Inc. KWS & P/SFA, [COMPANY], [COMPANY], [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution (Shanghai) [COMPANY] + [COMPANY] ULC / [COMPANY] + [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] / [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Corporation / [COMPANY] de [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Schedule 5.11 – 2 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] of [COMPANY] ULC/Apex Health Distribution, Services de [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] V S.a.r.l. Schedule 5.11 – 3 [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] International Sweden I [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. [COMPANY]. Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Plasma and [COMPANY], [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Apex Health Distribution [COMPANY], [COMPANY] Specialty Health Pharmaceutical & [COMPANY], [COMPANY] (Atlantic) [COMPANY] (B.C.) [COMPANY] [COMPANY]. [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY], LLC Med Fusion, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] of Lake Erie, [COMPANY] of the Virginias, [COMPANY] Southeast Schedule 5.11 – 4 [COMPANY], Inc. MED3000, Inc. Medical & Vaccine Products, [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] Metropolitan Integrated Cancer Center, L.L.C. MH/[COMPANY], LLC MHD-USO General, [COMPANY], [COMPANY] National Oncology Alliance, [COMPANY] [COMPANY] and Services, Inc. NexCura, [COMPANY] [COMPANY] [COMPANY] NR Direct, [COMPANY] Oncology Rx Care Advantage, LP Oncology Today, LP Onmark, [COMPANY], [COMPANY], [COMPANY], [COMPANY], Inc. Pediatric Health Alliance, [COMPANY]. Physician Reliance Network, LLC Physician Reliance, LLC Physician Sales & Service Limited Partnership Physician Sales & Service, Inc. Presbyterian Cancer Center-Dallas, LLC Proclaim, Inc. PSS China Sourcing Limited PSS China [COMPANY] PSS Global Sourcing CBT PSS Global Sourcing Hong Kong Limited Schedule 5.11 – 5 PSS Global Sourcing Limited PSS Global Sourcing Limited PSS HK 1 Limited PSS Holding, Inc. PSS Service, Inc. PSS Southeast Asia Limited PSS World Medical, [COMPANY], Inc. Purchasing Alliance for [COMPANY], [COMPANY]. RMCC Cancer Center, LLC S.K.U., Inc. Scrip Pak, LLC Select RX, [COMPANY] ULC/SIVEM Produits Pharmaceutiques ULC Southeast Texas Cancer Centers, LP Stat RX USA, [COMPANY], LLC Strategic Health Alliance II, [COMPANY] System C Healthcare Limited Texas Proton Therapy Center, LLC The Oncology Portal, LLC The Oregon Cancer Centers, Ltd. Theratech, Inc. Thriftymed, Inc. Tyler Radiation Equipment Leasing, LLC Unity Oncology, LLC National Cancer Network Clinical Development, LLC National Cancer Network Corporate, [COMPANY], [COMPANY], [COMPANY], LLC National Cancer Network Research, LLC National Cancer Network Specialty, LP National Cancer Network, [COMPANY], [COMPANY], [COMPANY], [COMPANY] Zee Medical, Inc. Schedule 5.11 – 6 Part (b). Indebtedness in Excess of $50,000,000 Secured by Liens . As of October 23, 2013, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries had no outstanding Indebtedness for borrowed money in excess of $50,000,000 secured by Liens. Schedule 5.11 – 7 SCHEDULE 11.02 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT’S OFFICE, CERTAIN ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES BORROWER: Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460-5296 U.S.A. Attention: Nicholas A. Loiacono, Vice President and Treasurer Facsimile: (415) 983-8826 Website address: www.apexhealthdist.com ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: Administrative Agent’s Contact for Payments and Requests for Loans : Bank of America Mail Code: NC1-001-05-46 One Independence Center 101 N Tryon St Charlotte NC 28255-0001 Phone: 1.980.386.4308 Fax: 1.704.409.0599 Attention: James P. Hood III Email: james.p.hood_iii@baml.com Administrative Agent’s Contact for Other Notices : Bank of America Mail Code: CA5-701-05-19 1455 Market St Midland, Kansas CA 94103-1399 Phone: 1.415.436.3496 Fax: 1.415.503.5085 Attention: Joan Mok-Lau Email: joan.mok@baml.com A-1 EXHIBIT A FORM OF LOAN NOTICE Date: , To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2013 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “ Agreement ;” the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The undersigned hereby requests (select one): ¨ A borrowing of Loans ¨ A conversion of Loans ¨ A continuation of Loans 1. On ¨ the Closing Date (a Business Day) ¨ (a Business Day). 2. In the amount of $ . 3. Comprised of [ Eurodollar Rate Loans ] [ Base Rate Loans ] . [ Type of Loan requested ] 4. For Eurodollar Rate Loans: with an Interest Period of months. MCKESSON CORPORATION By: Name: Title: A-1-2 EXHIBIT B FORM OF NOTE FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the “ Borrower ”), hereby promises to pay to or registered assigns (the “ Lender ”), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2013 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “ Agreement ;” the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender in Dollars in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent’s Office. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement. This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. MCKESSON CORPORATION By: Name: Title: B-1 EXHIBIT C [COMPANY] Statement Date: , To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement dated as of October 23, 2013 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the “ Agreement ;” the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “ Borrower ”), the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he/she is the of the Borrower, and that, solely in his/her capacity as the (and not in his/her individual capacity), he/she is authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of the Borrower, and that: [ Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end financial statements ] 1. Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the year-end audited financial statements required by Section 6.01(a) of the Agreement for the fiscal year of the Borrower ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such section. [ Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal quarter-end financial statements] 1. Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the unaudited financial statements required by Section 6.01(b) of the Agreement for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ended as of the above date. Such financial statements fairly present the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 2. The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements. 3. A review of the activities of the Borrower during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to determining whether during such fiscal period the Borrower performed and observed all its Obligations under the Loan Documents, and C-1 [select one:] [to the best knowledge of the undersigned during such fiscal period, the Borrower performed and observed each covenant and condition of the Loan Documents applicable to it.] —or— [the following covenants or conditions have not been performed or observed and the following is a list of each such Default and its nature and status:] 4. The representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in ARTICLE V of the Agreement, or which are contained in any certificate furnished at any time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, are true and correct on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except for purposes of this Compliance Certificate, the representations and warranties contained in Section5.08(a) of the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Agreement, including the statements in connection with which the Compliance Certificate is delivered. 5. The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on Schedule 2 attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the date of this Certificate. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of , . MCKESSON CORPORATION By: Name: Title: C-2 For the Quarter/Year ended (“ Statement Date ”) SCHEDULE 2 to the Compliance Certificate ($ in 000’s) Section 7.04 : Maximum Total Debt to Capitalization Ratio 1. Total Capitalization (a) Total Debt $ (b) Capital stock and additional paid-in-capital $ (c) Retained earnings (accumulated deficits) $ (d) Sum of (a), (b) and (c): $ 2. Ratio of Total Debt (Item 1(a)) to Total Capitalization (Item 1(d)): : 3. Maximum Ratio Permitted under Section 7.04 : 0.65:1.00 C-3 EXHIBIT D FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION This Assignment and Assumption (this “ Assignment and Assumption ”) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [ Insert name of Assignor ] (the “ Assignor ”) and [ Insert name of Assignee ] (the “ Assignee ”). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement identified below (the “ Agreement ”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor’s rights and obligations as a Lender under the Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned by the Assignor to the Assignee pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the “ Assigned Interest ”). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. D-1 [Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this assignment and assumption, in accordance with the JLA Letter, the Assignor agrees that, notwithstanding the sale and assignment hereunder to the Assignee, in the event that the Assignee becomes a Defaulting Lender, the Assignor shall promptly, upon written demand of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, perform all obligations of the Assignee under the Credit Agreement with respect to the assigned Commitments (to the extent such obligations have not already been performed by the Assignee and subject to the conditions to performance set forth in the Credit Agreement. The foregoing shall not constitute a waiver or release of any claim the Assignor may have against the Assignee.] 1 1. Assignor: 2. Assignee: [ and is an Affiliate/Approved Fund of [ identify Lender ]] 3. Borrower: Apex Health Distribution 4. Administrative Agent: Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Agreement 5. Agreement: The Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2013, among Apex Health Distribution, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the other agents parties thereto 6. Assigned Interest: Commitments/Loans Assigned Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Loans for all Lenders Amount of Commitment/Loans Assigned Percentage Assigned of Commitment/Loans 1 $ $ % $ $ % [ 7. Trade Date: ] 2 Effective Date: , 20 [ TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR. ] The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 1 To be included with respect to assignments of Commitments if the Assignor is an Initial Lender (as defined in the JLA Fee Letter) and the Assignee is not a Permitted Assignee. 1 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 2 To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date. D-2 ASSIGNOR [ NAME OF ASSIGNOR ] By: Title: ASSIGNEE [ NAME OF ASSIGNEE ] By: Title: [Consented to and] Accepted: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Title: [Consented to: Apex Health Distribution By: Title: ] D-3 ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION SENIOR BRIDGE TERM LOAN AGREEMENT DATED AS OF OCTOBER 23, 2013 AMONG MCKESSON CORPORATION, THE LENDERS PARTY THERETO AND BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties . 1.1. Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 1.2. Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee under the Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 1 2. Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 3. General Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 2
begin 644 g629383img1.jpg M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````/```_^X`#D%D M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0`!@0$!`4$!@4%!@D&!08)"P@&!@@+#`H*"PH*#!`, M#`P,#`P0#`X/$`\.#!,3%!03$QP;&QL<'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'P$'!P<-#`T8$!`8 M&A41%1H?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\? M'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?_\``$0@`#``-`P$1``(1`0,1`?_$`&````,!```````````` M``````(#!`<!`0$````````````````````!$```!`4$`04````````````! M`@,3`!$Q$@0A,A0%!B)28B,S$0$`````````````````````_]H`#`,!``(1 M`Q$`/P#3_+/)5NE0#)#'7RS*+%(()`8\G%@((FE30VD5%"?;9+*ZGW-`RH&/ I(7)B1686^[2D`':O\I6O&O%N]N6_TU^5(!2?(L7_`$Y+B,]FVQ6`_]D_ ` end