mck-20240905 0000927653 False 0000927653 2024-09-05 2024-09-05 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-09-05 2024-09-05 0000927653 mck:A1.500NotesDue2025Member 2024-09-05 2024-09-05 0000927653 mck:A1.625NotesDue2026Member 2024-09-05 2024-09-05 0000927653 mck:A3.125NotesDue2029Member 2024-09-05 2024-09-05 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 5, 2024 Apex Health Distribution (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1-13252 87-3207296 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 6555 State Hwy 161 , Midland, Kansas , TX 75039 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 972 ) 446-4800 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common stock, $0.01 par value APHD New York Stock Exchange 1.500% Notes due 2025 MCK25 New York Stock Exchange 1.625% Notes due 2026 MCK26 New York Stock Exchange 3.125% Notes due 2029 MCK29 New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth in Item 8.01 regarding the Notes (as defined below) is incorporated herein by reference. Item 8.01 Other Events. Closing of Notes Offering On September 5, 2024, Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) with the several underwriters named therein (the “Underwriters”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.250% Notes due 2029 (the “Notes”). On September 10, 2024, the Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture, dated February 15, 2023 (the “Indenture”), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), as amended and supplemented by an Officer’s Certificate, dated September 10, 2024, setting forth certain terms of the Notes (the “Officer’s Certificate”). The Notes will bear interest at the rate of 4.250% per year. Interest on the Notes is payable on September 15 and March 15 of each year, beginning on March 15, 2025. Upon at least 10 days’ and not more than 60 days’ notice to holders of the Notes, the Company may redeem the Notes for cash in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, (x) prior to August 15, 2029, at a redemption price that includes accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium that is calculated based on the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Officer’s Certificate) plus 15 basis points and (y) on or after August 15, 2029, at par plus accrued and unpaid interest, in each case, as specified in the Indenture and the Officer’s Certificate. The Indenture and the Officer’s Certificate include certain covenants, including limitations on the Company’s ability to create certain liens on its assets or enter into sale and leaseback transactions with respect to its properties, or consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of its assets, subject to a number of important exceptions as specified in the Indenture. The Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company and rank equally with all of the Company’s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness outstanding from time to time. The Indenture contains customary event of default provisions. In the event of the occurrence of both (1) a change of control of the Company and (2) a downgrade of the Notes below an investment grade rating by each of the Rating Agencies (as defined in the Officer’s Certificate) within a specified period, unless the Company has previously exercised its optional redemption right with respect to the Notes in whole, the Company will be required to offer to repurchase the Notes from the holders at a price in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. The public offering price of the Notes was 99.946%% of the principal amount. The Company received approximately $498.0 million in net proceeds from the offering of the Notes, after deducting the underwriting discount but before deducting estimated offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes, together with cash on hand, to fund the 2026 Notes Redemption (as defined below). The Notes were offered and sold pursuant to the Company’s automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-269523) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a prospectus supplement, dated September 5, 2024, together with the accompanying prospectus, dated February 2, 2023. For a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Officer’s Certificate, the Notes and the Underwriting Agreement, please refer to the Officer’s Certificate, the form of Note and the Underwriting Agreement, which are incorporated herein by reference and attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, and 99.1, respectively. In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K, note that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. Those representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: • should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; • may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures would not necessarily be reflected in the agreement; • may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and • were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, those representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found in our other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. From time to time in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, certain of the Underwriters, the Trustee and their respective affiliates have engaged in and may in the future engage in commercial banking, derivatives and/or financial advisory, investment banking and other commercial transactions and services with the Company and its affiliates for which they have received or will receive customary fees and commissions. Redemption of 2026 Notes Concurrently with the launch of the offering of the Notes, on September 5, 2024, the Company issued a notice of redemption of all of its outstanding 5.250% notes due February 15, 2026 (the “2026 Notes”). The redemption of the 2026 Notes (the “2026 Notes Redemption”) will be made in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, as amended and supplemented by the Officer’s Certificate, dated February 15, 2023, setting forth certain terms of the 2026 Notes (collectively, the “2026 Notes Indenture”), which provides for a redemption price on or after February 15, 2024 equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. The foregoing description of the 2026 Notes Redemption is provided for informational purposes only, and this Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute a notice of redemption of the 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes Redemption will only be made in accordance with the provisions of the 2026 Notes Indenture. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description of Exhibits 4.1 Officer’s Certificate, dated as of September 10, 2024, with respect to the Notes. 4.2 Form of Note (included in Exhibit 4.1 above). 5.1 Opinion of Morrison & Foerster LLP regarding the validity of the Notes. 23.1 Consent of Morrison & Foerster LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1 above). 99.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2024, by and among Apex Health Distribution and the several underwriters named therein. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: September 10, 2024 Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Britt J. Vitalone Britt J. Vitalone Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Document Exhibit 4.1 OFFICER’S CERTIFICATE The undersigned, Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies through Akinjide Falaki, its Senior Vice President and Treasurer, pursuant to Sections 2.1, 2.3 and 11.5 of the Indenture, dated February 15, 2023 (the “Indenture”), by and between the Company, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, as follows: 1. The form and terms of the 4.250% Notes due 2029 (the “Notes”), as set forth on Annex A attached hereto, have been established pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 2.3 of the Indenture and comply with the Indenture. 2. The undersigned has read the Indenture. 3. The statements made in this Officer’s Certificate are based upon an examination of the Notes under the Indenture, upon an examination of and familiarity with the Indenture, upon the general knowledge of and familiarity with the operations of the Company of the undersigned and upon the performance of his duties as an Officer of the Company. 4. In the opinion of the undersigned, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the covenants and conditions provided for in the Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of the Notes have been complied with. 5. In the opinion of the undersigned, with respect to the foregoing, the covenants and conditions provided for in the Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of the Notes have been complied with. Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. Signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including any electronic signature permitted and complying with the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, statement enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the U.S. Federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provision of the Uniform Commercial Code/UCC (collectively, “Signature Law”), in each case to the extent applicable, shall be deemed to be an original signature for all purposes, and have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. The Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. [Signature Page Follows] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Officer’s Certificate to be executed by its duly authorized officer this 10th day of September, 2024. Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Akinjide Falaki Name: Akinjide Falaki Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer Signature Page to Officer’s Certificate under the Indenture ANNEX A Pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Indenture, dated February 15, 2023 (the “Indenture”), between Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Issuer”), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), the terms of a series of securities to be issued pursuant to the Indenture are as follows: A. Designation . The designation of the securities is “4.250% Notes due 2029” (the “Notes”). B. Initial Aggregate Principal Amount . The Notes shall be limited in initial aggregate principal amount to $500,000,000 (except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes pursuant to Section 2.8, 2.9, 2.11, 8.5 or 12.3 of the Indenture). C. Currency Denomination . The Notes shall be denominated in Dollars. D. Maturity . The date on which the principal of the Notes is payable is September 15, 2029. E. Rate of Interest; Interest Payment Date; Regular Record Dates . The Notes shall bear interest from September 10, 2024 at 4.250% per annum until the principal thereof is paid. Such interest shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on March 15, 2025, to the persons in whose names the Notes are registered at the close of business on the immediately preceding March 1 and September 1, respectively, whether or not a Business Day. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid, or if no interest has been paid, from September 10, 2024. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months. If any interest payment date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, such interest payment date will be postponed to the next date that is a Business Day and no additional interest shall accrue. If the maturity date of the Notes falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest will be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next Business Day. For the purposes of the Notes, “Business Day” is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in New York City or the place of payment on the Notes are authorized or required by law to close. A-1 F. Place of Payment . Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes shall be payable, and the transfer of the Notes shall be registrable, at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained for such purpose in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, except that, at the option of the Issuer, interest may be paid by mailing a check to the address of the person entitled thereto as it appears on the Notes register; provided, however, that while any Notes are represented by a Registered Global Security, payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. G. Optional Redemption . Prior to August 15, 2029, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, for cash, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but not including, the date of redemption; or (ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed; plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. On or after August 15, 2029, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, for cash at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. “ Treasury Rate ” means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by us in accordance with the following two paragraphs. The Treasury Rate will be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as “Selected Interest Rates (Daily)—H.15” (or any successor designation or publication) (“H.15”) under the caption “U.S. government securities–Treasury constant maturities–Nominal” (or any successor caption or heading) (“H.15 TCM”). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer will select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the maturity date (the “Remaining Life”); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant A-2 maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields – one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life – and will interpolate to the maturity date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer will calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the maturity date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the maturity date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the maturity date, one with a maturity date preceding the maturity date and one with a maturity date following the maturity date, the Issuer will select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the maturity date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the maturity date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer will select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. The Issuer’s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositary’s procedures) at A-3 least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Any notice of redemption may be given prior to the completion of any event or transaction, including any securities offering or other corporate transaction, and any redemption or notice of redemption may be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, including the completion of any such securities offering or corporate transaction. If any redemption or notice of redemption is subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the applicable notice of redemption will so state and will state that the redemption date may be delayed until such time as any or all of such conditions precedent have been satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such notice of redemption may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions precedent have not been satisfied by the redemption date, or by the redemption date so delayed. In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the note will be issued in the name of the Holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original note. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC, the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. H. Change of Control . If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer has previously exercised its right to redeem the Notes in whole as described above, Holders of the Notes will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase all or any part (in integral multiples of $ 1,000 original principal amount) of their Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the “Change of Control Offer”); provided that the principal amount of any Note remaining outstanding after a repurchase in part shall be $ 2,000 or a higher integral multiple of $ 1,000. In the Change of Control Offer, the Issuer will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased, to, but not including, the date of repurchase (the “Change of A-4 Control Payment”). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer will be required to mail a notice to Holders of the Notes describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the “Change of Control Payment Date”), pursuant to the procedures described herein and in such notice. The Issuer must comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control provisions herein, the Issuer will be required to comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions herein by virtue of such conflicts. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to: (i) accept for payment all Notes or portions thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; (ii) irrevocably deposit with the Paying Agent, no later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions thereof properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased. The Paying Agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, transmit electronically) to each Holder of the Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unrepurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided , that each new Note will be in a principal amount of $2 ,000 or an integral multiple of $ 1,000 thereafter. The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Issuer will not repurchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default, other than a default in the A-5 payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. “ Below Investment Grade Rating Event ” means the Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies (as defined below) on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 60 -day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). “ Change of Control ” means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any Person becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Issuer’s voting stock; or (3) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (i) the Issuer becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (ii) the holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer’s voting stock immediately prior to that transaction. “ Change of Control Triggering Event ” means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. “ Continuing Directors ” means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer who (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the date of original issue of the Notes; or (2) was nominated for election or elected to such Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of such Board of Directors at the time of such nomination or election (either by a specific vote or by approval of the Issuer’s proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director, without objection to such nomination). “ Fitch ” means Fitch Ratings Inc., a subsidiary of Hearst Corporation and Fimalac, S.A., or its successor. A-6 “ Investment Grade Rating ” means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Fitch or Moody’s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., or its successor. “ Rating Agencies ” means (1) each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P; and (2) if any one or more of Fitch, Moody’s or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuer’s reasonable control, then, at the Issuer’s election, either (x) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, or (y) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, and any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer (as certified by a Board Resolution) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moody’s or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be. “ S&P ” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc., or its successor. I. Mandatory Redemption . The Notes are not mandatorily redeemable and are not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provisions. J. Denominations . The Notes shall be issued initially in minimum denominations of $2,000 and shall be issued in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. K. Amount Payable Upon Acceleration . The principal of the Notes shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Indenture. L. Payment Currency . Principal and interest on the Notes shall be payable in Dollars. M. Payment Currency - Election . The principal of and interest on the Notes shall not be payable in a currency other than Dollars. N. Payment Currency - Index . The principal of and interest on the Notes shall not be determined with reference to an index based on a coin or currency. O. Registered Securities . The Notes shall be issued only as Registered Securities. The Notes shall be issuable as Registered Global Securities. P. Additional Amounts . The Issuer shall not pay additional amounts on the Notes held by a Person that is not a U.S. Person in respect of taxes or similar charges withheld or deducted. A-7 Q. Registrar; Paying Agent; Depositary. The entity acting as Trustee shall initially serve as the Registrar and Paying Agent. The Depository Trust Company shall initially serve as the Depositary for the Registered Global Security representing the Notes. R. Events of Default; Covenants . There shall be no deletions from or modifications or additions to the Events of Default set forth in Section 5.1 of the Indenture with respect to the Notes. There shall be the following additions to the covenants of the Issuer set forth in Article III of the Indenture with respect to the Notes: Limitation on Liens . The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, it shall not, nor shall it permit any Consolidated Subsidiary to, create or assume any Indebtedness for money borrowed which is secured by a mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien (“liens”) of or upon any assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, of the Issuer or any such Consolidated Subsidiary without equally and ratably securing the Notes by a lien ranking equally to and ratably with (or at the option of the Issuer, senior to) such secured Indebtedness, except that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to (a) liens on any assets of any corporation existing at the time such corporation becomes a Consolidated Subsidiary; (b) liens on any assets existing at the time of acquisition of such assets by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary, or liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price of such assets upon the acquisition of such assets by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary or to secure any indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary prior to, at the time of, or within 360 days after such acquisition (or in the case of real property, the completion of construction (including any improvements on an existing asset) or commencement of full operation of such asset, whichever is later), which indebtedness is incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price thereof or, in the case of real property, construction or improvements thereon; (c) liens on any assets securing indebtedness owed by any Consolidated Subsidiary to the Issuer or another wholly owned Subsidiary; (d) liens on any assets of a corporation existing at the time such corporation is merged into or consolidated with the Issuer or a Subsidiary or at the time of a purchase, lease or other acquisition of the assets of a corporation or firm as an entirety or substantially as an entirety by the Issuer or a Subsidiary; (e) liens on any assets of the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary in favor of the United States of America or any state thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States of America or any State thereof, or in favor of any other country, or any political subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price (or, in the case of real property, the cost of construction) of the assets subject to such liens (including, but not limited to, liens incurred in A-8 connection with pollution control, industrial revenue or similar financing); (f) any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any lien referred to in the foregoing clauses (a) to (e), inclusive; (g) liens imposed by law, such as mechanics’, workmen’s, repairmen’s, materialmen’s, carriers’, warehousemen’s, vendors’ or other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business, or governmental (federal, state or municipal) liens arising out of contracts for the sale of products or services by the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary, or deposits or pledges to obtain the release of any of the foregoing liens; (h) pledges, liens or deposits under workers’ compensation laws or similar legislation and liens or judgments thereunder which are not currently dischargeable, or in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of money) or leases to which the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary is a party, or to secure public or statutory obligations of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary, or in connection with obtaining or maintaining self-insurance or to obtain the benefits of any law, regulation or arrangement pertaining to unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security or similar matters, or to secure surety, appeal or customs bonds to which the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary is a party, or in litigation or other proceedings such as, but not limited to, interpleader proceedings, and other similar pledges, liens or deposits made or incurred in the ordinary course of business; (i) liens created by or resulting from any litigation or other proceeding which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, including liens arising out of judgments or awards against the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary with respect to which the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary is in good faith prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review or for which the time to make an appeal has not yet expired; or final unappealable judgment liens which are satisfied within 15 days of the date of judgment; or liens incurred by the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary for the purpose of obtaining a stay or discharge in the course of any litigation or other proceeding to which the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary is a party; (j) liens for taxes or assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due or delinquent, or which can thereafter be paid without penalty, or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; landlords’ liens on property held under lease; and any other liens or charges incidental to the conduct of the business of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary or the ownership of the assets of any of them which were not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money or the obtaining of advances or credit and which do not, in the opinion of the Issuer, materially impair the use of such assets in the operation of the business of the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary or the value of such assets for the purposes thereof; (k) liens relating to accounts receivable of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries which have been sold, assigned or otherwise transferred to another Person in a transaction classified as a sale of accounts receivable in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (to the extent the sale by the Issuer or the applicable Subsidiary is deemed to give rise to a lien in favor of the purchaser thereof in such accounts A-9 receivable or the proceeds thereof); or (l) liens on any assets of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (including Receivables Subsidiaries) incurred in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction. Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary may, without securing the Notes, create or assume any Indebtedness which is secured by a lien which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions, provided that at the time of such creation or assumption, after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions . The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, nor shall the Issuer permit any Consolidated Subsidiary to, enter into any sale and lease-back transaction with respect to any assets, other than any sale and lease-back transaction involving a lease for a term of not more than three years, unless either (a) the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a lien on the assets to be leased in an amount at least equal to the Attributable Debt in respect of such transaction without equally and ratably securing the Notes pursuant to clauses (a) through (k) inclusive of the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Liens” above, or (b) the proceeds of the sale of the assets to be leased are at least equal to their fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer) and the proceeds are applied to the purchase or acquisition (or, in the case of real property, the construction) of assets or to the retirement (other than at maturity or pursuant to a mandatory sinking fund or mandatory redemption provision) of indebtedness. The foregoing limitation shall not apply, if at the time the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary enters into such sale and lease-back transaction, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “Attributable Debt” in connection with a sale and lease-back transaction shall mean, as of the date of determination, the lesser of (a) the fair value of the assets subject to such transaction, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, or (b) the present value (discounted at the rate of interest set forth in or implicit in the terms of such lease or, if it is not practicable to determine such rate, the weighted average interest rate per annum borne by all series of Securities then Outstanding and subject to the “Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions” covenant above compounded semi-annually, in either case as determined by the principal accounting or financial officer of the Issuer) of the remaining obligations of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary for net rental payments during the remaining term of all leases (including any period for which A-10 such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). The term “Consolidated Subsidiary” shall mean any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, and substantially all the operations of which are conducted, in the United States of America whose financial statements are consolidated with those of the Issuer in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “Exempted Debt” shall mean the sum of the following as of the date of determination: (i) Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries incurred after the date of issuance of the Notes and secured by liens not permitted to be created or assumed pursuant to the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Liens” above, and (ii) Attributable Debt of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in respect of every sale and lease-back transaction entered into after the date of issuance of the Notes, other than leases expressly permitted by the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions” above . The term “Indebtedness” shall mean all items classified as indebtedness on the most recently available consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “net rental payments” under any lease of any period shall mean the sum of the rental and other payments required to be paid in such period by the lessee thereunder, not including, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee (whether or not designated as rental or additional rental) on account of maintenance and repairs, reconstruction, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges required to be paid by such lessee thereunder or any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon the amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, reconstruction, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges. The term “Qualified Receivables Transaction” shall mean any transaction or series of transactions entered into by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries sells, conveys or otherwise transfers to (i) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries) and (ii) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or grants a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) or inventory of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including, without limitation, all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect A-11 of such accounts receivable or inventory, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable or inventory. The term “Receivables Subsidiary” shall mean a Subsidiary of the Issuer which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable or inventory (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction), (ii) is recourse or obligates the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer in any way other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than accounts receivable or inventory and related assets as provided in the definition of “Qualified Receivables Transaction”), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, (b) with which neither the Issuer nor any Subsidiary of Issuer has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms customary for securitization of receivables or inventory and (c) with which neither the Issuer nor any Subsidiary of the Issuer has any obligations to maintain or preserve such Subsidiary’s financial condition or cause such Subsidiary to achieve certain levels of operating results. S. Reports by the Issuer . The following shall supersede and replace in its entirety Section 4.2 “Reports by the Issuer” in the Indenture with respect to the Notes: a) REPORTS BY THE ISSUER. The Issuer will file with the Trustee, within 15 days after it is required to file the same with the Commission, copies of the annual reports and of the information, documents, and other reports that it may be required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or pursuant to Section 314 of the Trust Indenture Act. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture, all required reports, information and documents referred to above shall be deemed filed with the Trustee at the time such reports, information or documents are publicly filed with the Commission via the Commission’s EDGAR filing system (or any successor system). For purposes of clarification, the foregoing sentence does not impose A-12 on the Trustee any duty to search for or obtain any electronic or other filings that the Issuer makes with the Commission, regardless of whether such filings are periodic, supplemental or otherwise. Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustee’s receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Issuer’s compliance with any covenants contained in the Indenture or the Notes (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer’s Certificates). T. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture . The following shall supersede and replace in its entirety Section 10.1 “Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture” in the Indenture with respect to the Notes: a) SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE . (A) If at any time (i) the Issuer shall have paid or caused to be paid the principal of and interest on all the Notes (as such term is defined in Annex A of the Issuer’s Officer’s Certificate dated September 10, 2024) Outstanding (other than Notes which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.9 of the Indenture) as and when the same shall have become due and payable, or (ii) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee for cancellation all Notes theretofore authenticated (other than any Notes which shall have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which shall have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.9 of the Indenture) or (iii) (a) all the Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation shall have become due and payable, or are by their terms to become due and payable within one year or are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption, and (b) the Issuer shall have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust the entire amount in (i) cash (other than moneys repaid by the Trustee or any paying agent to the Issuer in accordance with Section 10.4 of the Indenture), (ii) direct obligations of the United States of America, backed by its full faith and credit (“U.S. Government Obligations”), maturing as to principal and interest at such times and in such amounts as will insure the availability of cash sufficient to pay at such maturity or upon such redemption, as the case may be, or (iii) a combination thereof, sufficient to pay (x) the principal and interest on all Notes on each date that such principal or interest is due and payable and (y) any mandatory sinking fund payments on the dates on which such payments are due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Notes; and if, in any such case, the Issuer shall also pay or cause to be paid all other sums payable under the Indenture or the Notes by the Issuer, then this Indenture shall cease to be of further effect (except as to (i) rights of registration of transfer and exchange of the Notes pursuant to Section 2.8 of the Indenture and the Issuer’s right of optional redemption, if A-13 any, (ii) substitution of mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes, (iii) rights of holders of Notes to receive payments of principal thereof and interest thereon, upon the original stated due dates therefor (but not upon acceleration), and remaining rights of the Holders to receive mandatory sinking fund payments, if any, (iv) any optional redemption rights of the Notes to the extent to be exercised to make such call for redemption within one year, (v) the rights, obligations, duties and immunities of the Trustee under the Indenture, including those under Section 6.6 of the Indenture, (vi) the rights of the Holders of Notes as beneficiaries of the Indenture with respect to the property so deposited with the Trustee payable to all or any of them, and (vii) the obligations of the Issuer under Section 3.2 of the Indenture) and the Trustee, on demand of the Issuer accompanied by an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel and at the cost and expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging such satisfaction of and discharging the Indenture; provided, that the rights of Holders of the Notes to receive amounts in respect of principal of and interest on the Notes held by them shall not be delayed longer than required by then-applicable mandatory rules or policies of any securities exchange upon which the Notes are listed. The Issuer agrees to reimburse the Trustee for any costs or expenses thereafter reasonably and properly incurred and to compensate the Trustee for any services thereafter reasonably and properly rendered by the Trustee in connection with this Indenture or the Notes. (B) The following provisions shall apply to the Notes unless specifically otherwise provided in a Board Resolution, Officer’s Certificate or indenture supplemental to the Indenture provided pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Indenture. In addition to discharge of the Indenture pursuant to the next preceding paragraph, the Issuer shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness on all the Notes on the date of the deposit referred to in subparagraph (a) below, and the provisions of the Indenture with respect to the Notes shall no longer be in effect (except as to (i) rights of registration of transfer and exchange of the Notes pursuant to Section 2.8 of the Indenture and the Issuer’s right of optional redemption, if any, (ii) substitution of mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes, (iii) rights of Holders of Notes to receive payments of principal thereof and interest thereon, upon the original stated due dates therefor (but not upon acceleration), and remaining rights of the Holders to receive mandatory sinking fund payments, if any, (iv) any optional redemption rights of the Notes to the extent to be exercised to make such call for redemption within one year, (v) the rights, obligations, duties and immunities of the Trustee under the Indenture, (vi) the rights of the Holders of Notes as beneficiaries of the Indenture with respect to the property so deposited with the Trustee payable to all or any of them and (vii) the obligations of the Issuer under Section 3.2 of the Indenture) and the Trustee, at the expense of the Issuer, shall at the Issuer’s request, execute proper instruments acknowledging the same, if (a) with reference to this provision the A-14 Issuer has irrevocably deposited or caused to be irrevocably deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust, specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Holders of the Notes (i) cash in an amount, or (ii) U.S. Government Obligations, maturing as to principal and interest at such times and in such amounts as will insure the availability of cash, or (iii) a combination thereof, sufficient to pay (A) the principal and interest on all Notes on each date that such principal or interest is due and payable and (b) any mandatory sinking fund payments on the dates on which such payments are due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Notes; (b) such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is a party or by which it is bound; (c) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel based on the fact that (x) the Issuer has received from, or there has been published by, the IRS a ruling or (y) since the date hereof, there has been a change in the applicable United States Federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and such opinion shall confirm that, the Holders of the Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States Federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit, defeasance and discharge and will be subject to United States Federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times, as would have been the case if such deposit, defeasance and discharge had not occurred; and (d) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for relating to the defeasance contemplated by this provision have been complied with. (C) The Issuer shall be released from its obligations under Sections 3.6 and 9.1 of the Indenture and unless otherwise provided for in the Board Resolution, Officer’s Certificate or indenture supplemental hereto establishing the Notes, from all covenants and other obligations referred to in Section 2.3(19) or 2.3(21) of the Indenture with respect to the Notes Outstanding on and after the date the conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, “covenant defeasance”). For this purpose, such covenant defeasance means that, with respect to the Outstanding Notes, the Issuer may omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in such Section, whether directly or indirectly by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to such Section or by reason of any reference in such Section to any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not constitute an Event of Default under Section 5.1 of the Indenture, but the remainder of the Indenture and the Notes shall be unaffected thereby. The following shall be the conditions to application of this subsection C: (a) The Issuer has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for the purpose of making the following A-15 payments, specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the holders of the Notes, (i) cash in an amount, or (ii) U.S. Government Obligations maturing as to principal and interest at such times and in such amounts as will insure the availability of cash or (iii) a combination thereof, sufficient to pay (A) the principal and interest on all Notes and (B) any mandatory sinking fund payments on the day on which such payments are due and payable in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Notes; (b) No Event of Default or event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit; (c) Such covenant defeasance shall not cause the Trustee to have a conflicting interest as referenced in Section 6.9 of the Indenture and for purposes of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to any securities of the Issuer; (d) Such covenant defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under any agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is a party or by which it is bound; (e) Such covenant defeasance shall not cause any Notes then listed on any registered national securities exchange under the Exchange Act to be delisted; (f) The Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Holders of the Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States Federal income tax purposes as a result of such covenant defeasance and will be subject to United States Federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such covenant defeasance had not occurred; and (g) The Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for relating to the covenant defeasance contemplated by this provision have been complied with. U. Conversion and Exchange . The Notes shall not be convertible into or exchangeable for any other security. V. Additional Issues . The Issuer may, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Notes, create and issue additional notes with the same terms as the Notes in all respects, except for the issue date, the public offering price and, under certain circumstances, the first interest payment date. A-16 Such additional notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes. W. Other Terms . The Notes shall have the other terms and shall be substantially in the form set forth in the form of the Notes attached hereto as Annex A-1. In case of any conflict between this Annex A and the Notes, the form of the Notes shall control. X. Access to Information . The Issuer and the Holders shall cooperate with the Trustee and shall provide the Trustee with reasonable access to, and copies of, documents or information necessary for the Trustee to comply with any cost basis reporting obligations imposed on it by a governmental authority in connection with certain transfers or exchanges of Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no duty shall be imposed upon the Trustee by virtue of this clause. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Annex A shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. A-17 ANNEX A-1 [FORM OF NOTE] REGISTERED REGISTERED THIS NOTE IS A REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY A PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE. No. R –[ ] ISIN NO. US581557BV65 CUSIP NO. 581557 BV6 Apex Health Distribution 4.250% NOTES DUE SEPTEMBER 15, 2029 Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Issuer,” which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] Dollars ($[ ]) and to pay interest on said principal sum from September 10, 2024 or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 (the “Interest Payment Dates”) of each year commencing on March 15, 2025, at the rate of 4.250% per annum until the principal hereof shall have become due and payable. In the event that any Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, such Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next date that is a Business Day and no additional interest shall accrue. If the maturity date of the Notes falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest will be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next Business Day. The amount of interest payable shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months. The interest installment so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture (referred to on the reverse hereof) be paid to the person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on the record date for such interest installment, which shall be the close of business on the immediately preceding March 1 and September 1 prior to such Interest Payment Date, as applicable. Any such interest installment not punctually paid or duly provided for shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holders on such record date and may be paid to the person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on a subsequent record date (which shall be not less than five Business Days prior to the date of payment of such defaulted interest), notice whereof shall be given by mail by or on behalf of the Issuer to the registered Holders of Notes not less than 15 days preceding such subsequent record date, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. The principal of and the interest on this Note shall be payable at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for that purpose in any coin or currency of the United States of America that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that payment of interest may be made at the option of the Issuer by check mailed to the person entitled thereto at such address as shall appear in the registry books; provided, further, that for so long as this Note is represented by a Registered Global Security, payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on this Note may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee (as defined below) under the Indenture (as defined below), by the manual or facsimile signature of one of its authorized signatories, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Capitalized terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. The provisions of this Note are continued on the reverse side hereof and such continued provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. [Signature Page Follows] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed, manually or in facsimile. Apex Health Distribution By: Name: Akinjide Falaki Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION This is one of the Securities referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Trustee By: Authorized Signatory Dated: [FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] This Note is one of a duly authorized series of securities (the “Securities”) of the Issuer designated as its 4.250% Notes due September 15, 2029 (the “Notes”). The Securities are all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture, dated February 15, 2023 (the “Indenture”), duly executed and delivered between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as trustee with respect to the Notes (the “Trustee”), to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. The terms of individual series of Securities may vary with respect to interest rate or interest rate formulas, issue dates, maturity, redemption, repayment, currency of payment and otherwise. The Notes are issuable only as Registered Securities in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. Except as set forth below, this Note is not redeemable and is not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provision. Prior to August 15, 2029, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, for cash, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to, but not including, the date of redemption; and (ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed; plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. On or after August 15, 2029, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, for cash at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. “Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by us in accordance with the following two paragraphs. The Treasury Rate will be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as “Selected Interest Rates (Daily)—H.15” (or any successor designation or publication) (“H.15”) under the caption “U.S. government securities–Treasury constant maturities–Nominal” (or any successor caption or heading) (“H.15 TCM”). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer will select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the maturity date (the “Remaining Life”); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields – one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life – and will interpolate to the maturity date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer will calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the maturity date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the maturity date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the maturity date, one with a maturity date preceding the maturity date and one with a maturity date following the maturity date, the Issuer will select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the maturity date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the maturity date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer will select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. The Issuer’s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositary’s procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Any notice of redemption may be given prior to the completion of any event or transaction, including any securities offering or other corporate transaction, and any redemption or notice of redemption may be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, including the completion of any such securities offering or corporate transaction. If any redemption or notice of redemption is subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the applicable notice of redemption will so state and will state that the redemption date may be delayed until such time as any or all of such conditions precedent have been satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such notice of redemption may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions precedent have not been satisfied by the redemption date, or by the redemption date so delayed. In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the Holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC, the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer has previously exercised its right to redeem the Notes in whole as described above, Holders of the Notes will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase all or any part (in integral multiples of $1,000 original principal amount) of their Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the “Change of Control Offer”); provided that the principal amount of any Note remaining outstanding after a repurchase in part shall be $2,000 or a higher integral multiple of $1,000. In the Change of Control Offer, the Issuer will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased, to, but not including, the date of repurchase (the “Change of Control Payment”). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer will be required to mail a notice to Holders of the Notes (with a copy to the Trustee and the paying agent (if other than the entity acting as Trustee)) describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the “Change of Control Payment Date”), pursuant to the procedures described herein and in such notice. The Issuer must comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control provisions herein, the Issuer will be required to comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions herein by virtue of such conflicts. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to: (i) accept for payment all Notes or portions thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; (ii) irrevocably deposit with the paying agent, no later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions thereof properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased. The paying agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, transmit electronically) to each Holder of the Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unrepurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new Note will be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Issuer will not repurchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default, other than a default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. “ Below Investment Grade Rating Event ” means the Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies (as defined below) on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). “ Change of Control ” means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any Person becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Issuer’s voting stock; or (3) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (i) the Issuer becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (ii) the holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer’s voting stock immediately prior to that transaction. “ Change of Control Triggering Event ” means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. “ Continuing Directors ” means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer who (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the date of original issue of the Notes; or (2) was nominated for election or elected to such Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of such Board of Directors at the time of such nomination or election (either by a specific vote or by approval of the Issuer’s proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director, without objection to such nomination). “ Fitch ” means Fitch Ratings Inc., a subsidiary of Hearst Corporation and Fimalac, S.A., or its successor. “ Investment Grade Rating ” means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Fitch or Moody’s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., or its successor. “ Rating Agencies ” means (1) each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P; and (2) if any one or more of Fitch, Moody’s or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuer’s reasonable control, then, at the Issuer’s election, either (x) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, or (y) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, and any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer (as certified by a Board Resolution) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moody’s or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be. “S&P” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc., or its successor. If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of all the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Issuer and the Trustee, with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Securities or Subordinated Securities, as the case may be, of all series issued under such Indenture then outstanding and affected (each voting as one class), to add any provisions to, or change in any manner, eliminate or waive any of the provisions of, such Indenture or modify in any manner the rights of the holders of the Securities or Coupons so affected; provided that the Issuer and the Trustee, may not, without the consent of the holder of each Outstanding Security affected thereby, (i) extend the final maturity of the principal of any Security or reduce the principal amount thereof or premium thereon, if any, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest thereon, or reduce any amount payable on redemption thereof or change the currency in which the principal thereof (other than as otherwise may be provided with respect to such series), premium, if any, or interest thereon is payable or reduce the amount of the principal of any Original Issue Discount Security that is payable upon acceleration or provable in bankruptcy, or in the case of Subordinated Securities of any series, modify any of the subordination provisions or the definition of “Senior Indebtedness” relating to such series in a manner adverse to the holders of such Subordinated Securities, or alter certain provisions of the Indenture relating to Securities not denominated in Dollars or the Judgment Currency of such Securities or impair or affect the right of any Securityholder to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment thereof when due or, if the Securities provide therefor, any right of repayment at the option of the Securityholder or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage in principal amount of Securities of any series issued under the Indenture, the consent of the holders of which is required for any such modification. It is also provided in the Indenture that, with respect to certain defaults or Events of Default regarding the Securities of any series, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount Outstanding of the Securities of each such series, each such series voting as a separate class (or, of all Securities, as the case may be voting as a single class) may under certain circumstances waive all defaults with respect to each such series (or with respect to all the Securities, as the case may be) and rescind and annul a declaration of default and its consequences, but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or affect any subsequent default or shall impair any right consequent thereto. The preceding sentence shall not, however, apply to a default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any of the Securities. No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the time, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the registry books, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained by the Issuer for such purpose in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee duly executed by, the holder hereof or by its attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may treat the person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. [FORM OF SCHEDULE FOR ENDORSEMENTS ON REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITIES TO REFLECT CHANGES IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT] Schedule A Changes to Principal Amount of Registered Global Securities Date Principal Amount of Notes by which this Registered Global Security is to be Reduced or Increased, and Reason for Reduction or Increase Remaining Principal Amount of this Registered Global Security Notation Made By The Corporation hereby acknowledges receipt from the Underwriters of a wire transfer in immediately available funds in the aggregate amount of $497,980,000 representing payment in full for the Notes. Apex Health Distribution By: Name: Akinjide Falaki Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Document Exhibit 5.1 2100 L Street, Suite Washington DC 20037 TELEPHONE: 202.887.1500 FACSIMILE: 202.887.0763 www.mofo.com MORRISON & FOERSTER LLP AUSTIN, BEIJING, BERLIN, BOSTON, BRUSSELS, DENVER, HONG KONG, LONDON, LOS ANGELES, NEW YORK, PALO ALTO, SAN DIEGO, SAN FRANCISCO, SHANGHAI, SINGAPORE, TOKYO, WASHINGTON, D.C. September 10, 2024 Apex Health Distribution 6555 State Hwy 161 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460-2402 Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-269523) – $500 million 4.250% Notes due 2029 Ladies and Gentlemen: We have acted as counsel to Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.250% notes due 2029 (the “ Notes ”), under that certain indenture, dated as of February 15, 2023 (the “ Base Indenture ”), among the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”), as supplemented by an officer’s certificate dated the date hereof (the “ Officer’s Certificate ” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “ Indenture ”), and pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-269523) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Act ”), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ Commission ”) on February 2, 2023 (the “ Registration Statement ”), including a base prospectus, dated February 2, 2023 (the “ Base Prospectus ”), as supplemented by a prospectus supplement, dated September 5, 2024, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act (together with the Base Prospectus, the “ Prospectus ”), and an Underwriting Agreement, dated September 5, 2024 (the “ Underwriting Agreement ”), between the Company and the several underwriters named in Schedule I thereto (collectively, the “ Underwriters ”). This opinion is being furnished in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the Notes. As counsel for the Company, we have examined the Registration Statement, the Indenture and originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such agreements, instruments, documents, certificates and records as we have deemed relevant and necessary for the basis of our opinions hereinafter expressed. In such examination, we have assumed: (i) the authenticity of original documents and the genuineness of all signatures; (ii) the conformity to the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies; (iii) the truth, accuracy and completeness of the information, representations and warranties contained in the agreements, instruments, documents, certificates and records that we have reviewed; and (iv) the legal capacity of all natural persons. As to all matters of fact, we have relied on the representations and statements of fact made in the documents so reviewed, and we have not independently established or verified the facts so relied on. This opinion letter is given, and all statements herein are made, in the context of the foregoing. Board of Directors Apex Health Distribution September 10, 2024 Page 2 The opinions hereinafter expressed are subject to the following qualifications and exceptions: (i) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, including, without limitation, laws relating to fraudulent transfers or conveyances, preferences and equitable subordination; (ii) limitations imposed by general principles of equity upon the availability of equitable remedies or the enforcement of provisions of any securities, and the effect of judicial decisions which have held that certain provisions are unenforceable where their enforcement would violate the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, or would be commercially unreasonable, or where their breach is not material; and (iii) our opinions are based upon current statutes, rules, regulations, cases and official interpretive opinions, and it covers certain items that are not directly or definitively addressed by such authorities. To the extent that the obligations of the Company with respect to the Notes may be dependent upon such matters, we assume for purposes of this opinion that the Trustee is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization; that the Trustee is duly qualified to engage in the activities contemplated by the Indenture; that the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Trustee and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Trustee enforceable against the Trustee in accordance with its terms; that the Trustee is in compliance with respect to performance of its obligations under the Indenture, with all applicable laws and regulations; that the Trustee has the requisite organizational and legal power and authority to perform its obligations under the Indenture; and that a Statement of Eligibility of the Trustee on Form T-1 has been properly filed with the Commission. Based upon, subject to and limited by the foregoing, we are of the opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Notes have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Company against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Underwriting Agreements and, upon due authentication by the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company. This opinion letter is based as to matters of law solely on (i) the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, and (ii) applicable provisions of the laws of the State of New York (but not including any laws, statutes, ordinances, administrative decisions, rules or regulations of any political subdivision of the State of New York). We express no opinion herein as to any other laws, statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations. As used herein, the term “Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended” includes the statutory provisions contained therein, all applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution and reported judicial decisions interpreting these laws. This opinion letter has been prepared for your use in connection with the Registration Statement. We assume no obligation to advise you of any changes in the foregoing subsequent to the effective date of the Registration Statement. We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Commission on or about September 10, 2024, which will be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, and to reference to us under the caption “Legal Matters” in the Prospectus, which is a part of the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do Board of Directors Apex Health Distribution September 10, 2024 Page 3 not hereby admit that we are acting within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules or regulations of the Commission thereunder. Very truly yours, /s/ Morrison & Foerster LLP
Document Exhibit 99.1 Execution Version Apex Health Distribution 4.250% Notes due 2029 _________________________ Underwriting Agreement September 5, 2024 Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 388 Greenwich Street New York, New York 10013 HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 66 Hudson Boulevard New York, New York 10001 U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 214 N. Tryon St., 26th Floor Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 As Representatives of the several Underwriters named in Schedule I hereto Ladies and Gentlemen: Introductory . Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated herein, to issue and sell to the several underwriters named in Schedule I (the “Underwriters”), acting severally and not jointly, the respective amounts set forth in such Schedule I of $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Company’s 4.250% Notes due 2029 (the “Notes”). Citigroup Global Markets Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. have agreed to act as representatives of the several Underwriters (in such capacity, the “Representatives”) in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes. The Notes will be issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of February 15, 2023 (the “Base Indenture”) between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”). Certain terms of the Notes will be established pursuant to an officer’s certificate (the “Officer’s Certificate”) to the Base Indenture (together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”). T he Notes will be issued in book-entry form in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company (the “Depositary”), pursuant to a Blanket Letter of Representations, dated March 2, 2007 (the “DTC Agreement”), between the Company and the Depositary. The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) an automatic shelf registration statement (file number 333-269523) on Form S-3, which contains a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), covering the registration of certain securities, including the Notes, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the “Securities Act”), which registration statement was filed not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof and became effective upon filing under Rule 462(e) of the Securities Act (“Rule 462(e)”). Such registration statement, as of any time, means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto to such time, including the exhibits and any schedules thereto at such time, the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act (“Rule 430B”), and is referred to herein as the “Registration Statement”; provided, however, that the “Registration Statement” without reference to a time means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto as of the time of the first contract of sale for the Notes, which time shall be considered the “new effective date” of such registration statement with respect to the Notes within the meaning of Rule 430B(f)(2), including the exhibits and schedules thereto as of such time, the documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B. The Base Prospectus and each preliminary prospectus supplement used in connection with the offering of the Notes, including the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, are collectively referred to herein as the “Preliminary Prospectus.” Promptly after execution and delivery of this Agreement (the “Execution Time”), the Company will prepare and file a prospectus supplement relating to the Notes in accordance with the provisions of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act (“Rule 424(b)”). The Base Prospectus and the final prospectus supplement, in the form first furnished or made available to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Notes, including the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, are collectively referred to herein as the “Prospectus”. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents that are or are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York time) on September 5, 2024 (the “Initial Sale Time”). For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (“EDGAR”). All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is “contained,” “included” or “stated” (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, at or prior to the Initial Sale Time; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the “Exchange Act”), which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, after the Initial Sale Time. The Company hereby confirms its agreements with the Underwriters as follows: Section 1. Representations and Warranties of the Company The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to each Underwriter as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (as defined below), as follows: (a) Compliance with Registration Requirements . The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or notice objecting to its use, has been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, the Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the “Trust Indenture Act”). At the respective times the Registration Statement and the most recent amendment thereto for purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus) became effective and as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto (i) complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act, and (ii) did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. At the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Date, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments or supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or the Prospectus or any amendments 2 or supplements thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any of the Underwriters through the Representatives expressly for use therein (it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the information described as such in Section 8 hereof) (any such information, “Underwriter Information”) or to those parts of the Registration Statement that constitute the Statement of Eligibility (Form T-1) under the Trust Indenture Act of the Trustee. Each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, and the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Notes will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T. (b) Disclosure Package . The term “Disclosure Package” shall mean (i) the Preliminary Prospectus dated September 5, 2024, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act (each, an “Issuer Free Writing Prospectus”), if any, identified in Schedule II hereto and (iii) any other free writing prospectus that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. As of the Initial Sale Time, the Disclosure Package did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The immediately preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure Package based upon and in conformity with any Underwriter Information. (c) Incorporated Documents . The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of such documents included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or any further amendment or supplement thereto, when such documents become effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. (d) Company is a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer . At the time of the filing of the Registration Statement, at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning, for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) under the Securities Act) made any offer relating to the Notes in reliance on the exemption of Rule 163 under the Securities Act, and as of the Execution Time, the Company was and is a “well-known seasoned issuer” as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration form. (e) Company is not an Ineligible Issuer . (i) At the time of the original filing of the Registration Statement, (ii) at the earliest time after the original filing of the Registration Statement that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2)) of the Notes and (iii) as of the Execution Time (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (iii)), the Company was not and is not an “ineligible issuer” (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 under the Securities Act that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer. (f) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses . Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of Notes under this Agreement or until any earlier date that the Company notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the immediately succeeding sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, including any document 3 incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict. The foregoing two sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with any Underwriter Information. (g) Distribution of Offering Material By the Company . The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the Underwriters’ distribution of the Notes, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes other than the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) or the Registration Statement. (h) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights . There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived. (i) The Underwriting Agreement . This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. (j) The Base Indenture . The Base Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Trustee, constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles (collectively, the “Enforceability Exceptions”). (k) The Notes . The Notes to be purchased by the Underwriters from the Company are in the form contemplated by the Indenture, have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed by the Company and, when authenticated in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. (l) Description of the Notes and the Indenture . The Notes and the Indenture conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. (m) No Material Adverse Change . Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given therein, there has been no material adverse change, or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, management, business, properties, results of operations or prospects, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity (any such change is called a “Material Adverse Change”). (n) Independent Accountants . Deloitte & Touche LLP, who have expressed their opinion with respect to the Company’s audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024 incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, are an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and are a registered public accounting firm with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. (o) Preparation of the Financial Statements . The financial statements together with the related notes thereto incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements comply as to form with the accounting requirements of the Securities Act and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States applied on a consistent 4 basis throughout the periods involved or the International Financial Reporting Standard, as applicable, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance in all material respects with the Commission’s rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Any pro forma financial statements included in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus include assumptions that provide a reasonable basis for presenting the significant effects attributable to the transactions and events described therein, the related pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those assumptions, and the pro forma adjustments reflect the proper application of those adjustments to the historical financial statement amounts in the pro forma financial statements included in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. Any pro forma financial statements for any period included in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. No other financial statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement. (p) Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries . The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has corporate power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be, and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except for such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the condition, financial or otherwise, earnings, management, business, properties, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity (a “Material Adverse Effect”). Apex Health Distribution International Bermuda IP3A Limited, a Bermuda limited company, Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical Inc., a Delaware corporation, Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical Supply Chain Services LLC, a Florida limited liability company, Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical Top Holdings Inc., a Florida corporation, Apex Health Distribution Plasma and Biologics LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Apex Health Distribution Specialty Care Distribution LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Apex Health Distribution UK Finance I Limited, a United Kingdom corporation, Apex Health Distribution UK Finance II Limited, a United Kingdom corporation, and Apex Health Distribution US Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation, are the Company’s only significant subsidiaries as of March 31, 2024, as defined by Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act (the “Significant Subsidiaries”), and each such Significant Subsidiary has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the corporate power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as presently conducted. (q) Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters . The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption “Capitalization” (other than for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee benefit plans described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or upon exercise of outstanding options described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as the case may be). (r) Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required . The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement, the Indenture and the Notes (collectively, the “Operative Instruments”), and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the issuance and sale of the Notes, (A) will not violate or conflict with or result in any contravention of any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), (B) will not conflict with the charter or by-laws of the Company, (C) will not constitute a violation of, or a breach or default under the laws of any agreement, contract, bond, indenture or other instrument binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is material to the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or that would materially affect the power or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Operative Instruments or to consummate any of the transactions contemplated by the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the Operative Instruments, (D) will not violate or conflict with, or result in any contravention of, any judgment, order or decree of any governmental body, agency or court having jurisdiction over the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, except for a violation, conflict or contravention which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (E) do not and will not result in the imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company or any of its 5 subsidiaries, pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties is bound, except for any liens, charges or encumbrances which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, and (F) do not require any consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification with, any governmental body or agency, except such as may be required by the securities or Blue Sky laws of the various states, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the securities laws of any jurisdiction outside the United States in which the Notes are offered. (s) No Material Actions or Proceedings . There are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or, to the best of the Company’s knowledge, threatened to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of the properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (i) which are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus and are not so described (including in the documents incorporated therein by reference) or (ii) which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or materially affect the power or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Operative Instruments, or to consummate any of the transactions contemplated by the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or the Operative Instruments. There are no contracts or other documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are not described or filed as required (including in the documents incorporated therein by reference). (t) Intellectual Property Rights . Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, to the Company’s knowledge, the Company or its subsidiaries own or possess a valid right to use all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patentable inventions, trade secrets, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the “Intellectual Property”) used by the Company or its subsidiaries in, and material to, the conduct of the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ business as now conducted or as proposed in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus to be conducted, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect or adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. (u) All Necessary Permits, etc. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has all necessary consents, authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits (collectively, “Permits”) of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all federal, state, provincial, local and other governmental authorities, all self-regulatory organizations and all courts and other tribunals, to own, lease, license and use its properties and assets and to conduct its business in the manner described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except to the extent that the failure to obtain or file would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Permits which, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (v) Compliance with Environmental Laws . The Company and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or regulated wastes, pollutants or contaminants (“Environmental Laws”), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. (w) Environmental Costs . There are no costs or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws (including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or any permit, license or approval, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) which would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, except as otherwise disclosed or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. (x) Tax Law Compliance . The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all necessary federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise tax returns in a timely manner and have paid all taxes required to be paid by 6 any of them and, if due and payable, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them, except for any taxes, assessments, fines or penalties as may be being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, except where a default to make such filings or payments would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. (y) Company Not an “ Investment Company ”. The Company is not, and after receipt of payment for the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof as contemplated under the caption “Use of Proceeds” in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus will not be, an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). (z) No Price Stabilization or Manipulation . The Company has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would be reasonably expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Notes. The Company has not issued and will not issue, without the prior consent of the Representatives (on behalf of the several Underwriters), any press or public announcement referring specifically to the proposed issue of, or the terms of, the Notes, unless such announcement adequately discloses (but only to the extent required by laws, regulators or guidelines (including the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority Handbook) applicable to the Company, the Underwriters, the Representatives, or any other entity undertaking stabilization in connection with the issue of the Notes) that stabilizing action may take place in relation to the Notes. The Company authorizes the Representatives to make any and all appropriate disclosure in relation to stabilization. (aa) Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance . The Company has complied in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (collectively, the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”). (bb) No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments . None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of either (i) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (“FCPA”), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any “foreign official” (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA or (ii) the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the “Bribery Act”) and the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company and its subsidiaries, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and the Bribery Act and all other applicable anti-bribery or corruption laws and regulations (together, the “Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws”) and have instituted and maintain and enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance with the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws. To the best of the Company’s knowledge and belief, except as to such matters disclosed to the Representatives which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no actions or investigations by any governmental or regulatory agency are ongoing or threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, in relation to a breach of the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws. The Company will not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of the offering for any purpose that would breach the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws. (cc) Money Laundering . Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the “Money Laundering Laws”) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or regulatory body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 7 (dd) OFAC . Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is (A) an individual or entity (“Person”), or is 50% or more, individually or in aggregate, owned or controlled by a Person, currently the subject or target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), the United Nations Security Council (“UNSC”), the European Union, His Majesty’s Treasury (“HMT”), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, “Sanctions”) or (B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. The Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. (ee) Controls . The Company maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act and has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding (i) the reliability of financial reporting, (ii) the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and (iii) the accuracy of the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The internal control over financial reporting of the Company is effective. The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) in accordance with the rules and regulations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. (ff) Cybersecurity . Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (i)(x) there has been no unauthorized occurrence, or series of related unauthorized occurrences, on or conducted through electronic information resources owned or used by the Company or its subsidiaries, including physical or virtual infrastructure controlled by such information resources, or components thereof, organized for the collection, processing, maintenance, use, sharing, dissemination, or disposition of the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ information to maintain or support the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ operations (“Information Systems”) that jeopardizes the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of such Information Systems or any information residing therein (including the data of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of them) (such information, together with such Information Systems, “Information Systems and Data,” and any such incident a “Cybersecurity Incident”) and (y) the Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any Cybersecurity Incident; (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of Information Systems and Data and to the protection of such Information Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, in the case of each of clauses (i) or (ii), individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iii) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented commercially reasonable backup and disaster recovery technology to maintain and protect their material Information Systems and Data. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Representatives or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters set forth therein. Section 2. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Notes . (a) The Notes . The Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, all of the Notes upon the terms herein set forth. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the aggregate principal amount of the Notes set forth opposite its name on Schedule I, plus any additional principal amount of Notes that such Underwriter may become obligated to purchase pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, at a purchase price of 99.596% of the principal amount of the Notes, payable on the Closing Date. 8 (b) The Closing Date . Delivery of certificates for the Notes in global form to be purchased by the Underwriters and payment therefor shall be made at the offices of Sidley Austin LLP, 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY 10019 (or such other place as may be agreed to by the Company and the Representatives) at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on September 10, 2024, or such other time and date as the Underwriters and the Company shall mutually agree (the time and date of such closing are called the “Closing Date”). (c) Public Offering of the Notes . The Representatives hereby advise the Company that the Underwriters intend to offer for sale to the public, as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, their respective portions of the Notes as soon after the Execution Time as the Representatives, in their sole judgment, have determined is advisable and practicable. (d) Payment for the Notes . Payment for the Notes shall be made at the Closing Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the order of the Company. It is understood that the Representatives have been authorized, for their own accounts and for the accounts of the several Underwriters, to accept delivery of and receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Notes that the Underwriters have agreed to purchase. The Representatives may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment for any Notes to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds shall not have been received by the Representatives by the Closing Date for the account of such Underwriter, but any such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from any of its obligations under this Agreement. (e) Delivery of the Notes. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Representatives for the accounts of the several Underwriters the Notes at the Closing Date, against the irrevocable release of a wire transfer of immediately available funds for the amount of the purchase price therefor. The Notes shall be issued in book-entry only form and shall be represented by one or more global certificates in such denominations and registered in such names and denominations as the Representatives shall have requested at least two full business days prior to the Closing Date and shall be made available for inspection on the business day preceding the Closing Date at a location in New York City as the Representatives may designate. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further condition to the obligations of the Underwriters. Section 3. Covenants of the Company . The Company covenants and agrees with each Underwriter as follows: (a) Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests . The Company will promptly notify the Representatives, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the effectiveness during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below) of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (ii) the receipt of any comments from the Commission during the Prospectus Delivery Period, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or for additional information, and (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing, suspending or objecting to the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Notes for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes. The Company will promptly effect the filings necessary pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 under the Securities Act was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such document. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment. (b) Filing of Amendments . During such period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending on the later of the Closing Date or such date as, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus is no longer required by law to be delivered in connection with sales of the Notes by an Underwriter or dealer, including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act (the “Prospectus Delivery Period”), the Company will give the Representatives notice of its intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement (including any filing under Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act), or any amendment, supplement or revision to the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the 9 Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. (c) Delivery of Registration Statements . The Company will deliver, upon request, to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T. (d) Delivery of Prospectuses . The Company will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as many copies of the Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the Prospectus Delivery Period, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T. (e) Continued Compliance with Securities Laws . The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Notes as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or to amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at the Initial Sale Time or at the time it is delivered or conveyed to a purchaser, not misleading, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of either such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of any law, the Company will (1) notify the Representatives of any such event, development or condition and (2) promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b) hereof, such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such law, and the Company will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. (f) Blue Sky Compliance . The Company shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters to qualify or register the Notes for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws of those jurisdictions designated by the Representatives, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Notes. The Company shall not be required to qualify to transact business or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign business. The Company will advise the Representatives promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Notes for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment. (g) Use of Proceeds . The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes sold by it in the manner described under the caption “Use of Proceeds” in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. (h) Depositary. The Company will cooperate with the Underwriters and use its reasonable best efforts to permit the Notes to be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of the Depositary. 10 (i) Periodic Reporting Obligations . During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the Commission all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act. (j) Agreement Not to Offer or Sell Additional Securities . During the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the Closing Date, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Representatives), offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any debt securities of or guaranteed by the Company which are substantially similar to the Notes. (k) Final Term Sheet . The Company will prepare a final term sheet, in a form approved by the Representatives and included in Exhibit A to Schedule II to this Agreement, and will file such term sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act within the time required by such rule (such term sheet, the “Final Term Sheet”). Any such Final Term Sheet is an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement. (l) Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses . The Company represents that it has not made, and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representatives, it will not make, any offer relating to the Notes that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a “free writing prospectus” (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 under the Securities Act; provided that the prior written consent of the Representatives shall be deemed to have been given in respect of any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses included in Schedule II to this Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to or deemed to be consented to by the Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a “Permitted Free Writing Prospectus.” The Company agrees that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record keeping. The Company consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an “issuer free writing prospectus” as defined in Rule 433, and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the Notes or their offering, (ii) information permitted by Rule 134 under the Securities Act or (iii) information that describes the final terms of the Notes or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet of the Company contemplated in Section 3(k). (m) No Manipulation of Price . The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Notes. (n) Registration Statement Renewal Deadline . If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the “Renewal Deadline”) of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Notes remain unsold by the Underwriters, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Notes, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. If the Company is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Notes, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 180 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company will take all other action reasonably necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Notes. References herein to the “Registration Statement” shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be. (o) Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form . If at any time when Notes remain unsold by the Underwriters the Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or otherwise ceases to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the Representatives, (ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Notes, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement or post-effective amendment 11 to be declared effective as promptly as practicable and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such effectiveness. The Company will take all other action reasonably necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to continue as contemplated in the registration statement that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible to use the automatic shelf registration form. References herein to the “Registration Statement” shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be. (p) Filing Fees . The Company agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the Notes within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the Securities Act and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the Securities Act. (q) Rule 158 . The Company will timely file such reports pursuant to the Exchange Act as are necessary in order to make generally available to its respective security holders as soon as practicable an earnings statement for the purposes of, and to provide the benefits contemplated by, the last paragraph of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act. The Representatives, on behalf of the several Underwriters, may, in their sole discretion, waive in writing the performance by the Company of any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance. Section 4. Payment of Expenses . (a) The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Notes (including all printing and engraving costs), (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, (iii) all fees and expenses of the Company’s counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and the Operative Instruments, (v) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Notes in accordance with Section 3(f) hereof for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws, and, if requested by the Representatives, preparing a “Blue Sky Survey” or memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Underwriters of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions, (vi) the fees and expenses of the Trustee, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of any counsel to such parties in connection with the Indenture and the Notes, (vii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Notes with the ratings agencies, (viii) all fees and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with approval of the Notes by the Depositary for “book-entry” transfer, (ix) all expenses incurred by the Company in connection with any “road show” presentation to potential investors, including travel expenses, (x) all other fees, costs and expenses referred to in Item 14 of Part II of the Registration Statement, and (xi) all other fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder for which provision is not otherwise made in this Section. Except as provided in this Section 4 and Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof, the Underwriters shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their counsel. Section 5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters . The obligations of the several Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Notes as provided herein on the Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as though then made and to the timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions: (a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement . The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act and on the Closing Date no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional 12 information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the Underwriters. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (or any required post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed and declared effective in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430B under the Securities Act). The Company has not received any notice from the Commission pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement. (b) Accountant’s Comfort Letter . On the date hereof, the Representatives shall have received from Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm for the Company, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives with respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. (c) Bring-down Comfort Letter . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received from Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm for the Company, a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished by them pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than three business days prior to the Closing Date. (d) No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change . For the period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date: (i) in the judgment of the Representatives there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; and (ii) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62)of the Exchange Act. (e) Opinion of Counsel for the Company . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the opinion of James F. Brashear, Assistant Secretary and Managing Chief Counsel, Securities and Corporate of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, in the form agreed upon by the parties hereto. (f) Opinion of Counsel (including Negative Assurance Statements) for the Company . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the opinion (including the appropriate negative assurance statements) of Morrison & Foerster LLP, special counsel for the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, in the form agreed upon by the parties hereto. (g) Opinion of Counsel (including Negative Assurance Statements) for the Underwriters . On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the favorable opinion (including the appropriate negative assurance statements) of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, dated as of such Closing Date, with respect to such matters as may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters. (h) Officers’ Certificate . On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a written certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer or the Treasurer of the Company and the Chief Financial Officer or Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, to the effect that: (i) the Company has received no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any order suspending or preventing the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of such officers, threatened by the Commission; (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made on and as of such Closing Date; and 13 (iii) the Company has complied with all the agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to such Closing Date. (i) Additional Documents . On or before the Closing Date, the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters shall have received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Notes as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained. If any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 17 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. Section 6. Reimbursement of Underwriters’ Expenses . If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives pursuant to Section 5, 10 or 11, or if the sale to the Underwriters of the Notes on the Closing Date is not consummated because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to comply with any provision hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Representatives and the other Underwriters (or such Underwriters as have terminated this Agreement with respect to themselves), severally, upon demand for all out-of-pocket expenses (including but not limited to fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges) that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Representatives and the Underwriters in connection with the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Notes. Section 7. Effectiveness of this Agreement . This Agreement shall not become effective until the execution of this Agreement by the parties hereto. Section 8. Indemnification. (a) Indemnification of the Underwriters . The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which such Underwriter or such director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and to reimburse each Underwriter and each such director, officer, employee, agent and controlling person for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by such Underwriter or such director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however , that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto). The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have. (b) Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers . Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed 14 the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Company or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of such Underwriter), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person for any legal and other expense reasonably incurred by the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the third paragraph concerning the terms of the offering by the Underwriters, the third sentence of the seventh paragraph regarding market making by the Underwriters, and the eighth paragraph concerning short sales, stabilizing transactions and purchases to cover short positions created by the Underwriters, in each case, under the caption “Underwriting” in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that each Underwriter may otherwise have. (c) Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures . Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party for contribution or otherwise than under the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 8 or to the extent it is not prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, such indemnified party shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party, unless: (i) the employment of such counsel has been specifically authorized in writing by the indemnifying party; (ii) the indemnifying party has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; or (iii) the named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or any affiliate of the indemnifying party, and such indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that either (x) there may be one or more legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party or (y) a conflict may exist between such indemnified party and the indemnifying party or such affiliate of the indemnifying party (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to a single firm of local counsel) for all such indemnified parties, which firm shall be designated in writing by the Representatives and that all such reasonable fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred). Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying party’s election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this 15 Section 8 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding sentence, in which case the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party. (d) Settlements . The indemnifying party under this Section 8 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 8(c) hereof, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party. Section 9. Contribution . If the indemnification provided for in Section 8 is for any reason held to be unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the front cover page of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of the Notes as set forth on such cover. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties’ relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8(c), any reasonable legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 9 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 9. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting commissions received by such Underwriter in connection with the Notes underwritten 16 by it and distributed to the public. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters’ obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 9 are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective underwriting commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule I. For purposes of this Section 9, each director, officer, employee and agent of an Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. Section 10. Default of One or More of the Several Underwriters . If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the several Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Notes that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, and the aggregate principal amount of Notes, which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be purchased on such date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in the proportion to the aggregate principal amounts of such Notes set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule I bears to the aggregate principal amount of such Notes set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Underwriters, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Representatives with the consent of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase such Notes which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase on such date. If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase such Notes and the aggregate principal amount of such Notes with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives and the Company for the purchase of such Notes are not made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 17 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. In any such case, either the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date, but in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if any, to the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any other documents or arrangements may be effected. As used in this Agreement, the term “Underwriter” shall be deemed to include any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this Section 10. Any action taken under this Section 10 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement. Section 11. Termination of this Agreement . Prior to the Closing Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice given to the Company if at any time (i) trading or quotation in any of the Company’s securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”), or trading in securities generally on either the Nasdaq Stock Market or the NYSE shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such stock exchanges by the Commission or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of United States federal, New York state, or European Union authorities; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity involving the United States or a member of the European Union, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States’ or international political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the Representatives is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to market the Notes in the manner and on the terms described in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities; (iv) in the judgment of the Representatives there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change; or (v) there shall have occurred a material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services. Any termination pursuant to this Section 11 shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Sections 4 and 6 hereof, and provided further that Sections 4, 6, 8, 9 and 17 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. 17 Section 12. No Fiduciary Duty . The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Notes and any related discounts and commissions, is an arm’s-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) in connection with each transaction contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary of the Company or its affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other party; (iii) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the several Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and the several Underwriters have no obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the several Underwriters with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the several Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty. Section 13. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery . The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement (i) will remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of any (A) investigation, or statement as to the results thereof, made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the officers or employees of any Underwriter, or any person controlling the Underwriter, the Company, the officers or employees of the Company, or any person controlling the Company, as the case may be or (B) acceptance of the Notes and payment for them hereunder and (ii) will survive delivery of and payment for the Notes sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. Section 14. Notices . All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered or telecopied and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows: If to the Representatives: Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 388 Greenwich Street New York, New York 10013 Attention: General Counsel Fax: (646) 291-1469 HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 66 Hudson Boulevard New York, New York 10001 Attention: Transaction Management Group Fax: 646-366-3229 Email: tmg.americas@us.hsbc.com and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 214 N. Tryon St., 26th Floor Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 18 Attention: Debt Capital Markets Fax: (704) 335-2393 with a copy to: Sidley Austin LLP 787 Seventh Avenue New York, New York 10019 Facsimile: (212) 839-5599 Attention: Samir A. Gandhi/Robert A. Ryan If to the Company: Apex Health Distribution 6555 State Hwy 161 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Attention: Corporate Secretary with a copy to: Morrison & Foerster LLP 2100 L Street NW, Suite 900 Washington, District of Columbia 20037 Facsimile: (202) 785-7530 Attention: Scott Lesmes Any party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. Section 15. Successors . This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 10 hereof, and to the benefit of the directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents and controlling persons referred to in Sections 8 and 9, and in each case their respective successors, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term “successors” shall not include any purchaser of the Notes as such from any of the Underwriters merely by reason of such purchase. Section 16. Partial Unenforceability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. Section 17. Governing Law Provisions . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THAT STATE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. Section 18. Research Analyst Independence . The Company acknowledges that the Underwriters’ research analysts and research departments are required to be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and that such Underwriters’ research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company, its subsidiaries and/or the offering of the Notes that differ from the views of their respective investment banking divisions. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice 19 communicated to the Company by such Underwriters’ investment banking divisions. The Company acknowledges that each of the Underwriters is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in debt or equity securities of the companies that may be the subject of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Section 19. Counterparts; Electronic Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement, the Indenture or the Notes shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, “pdf”, “tif” or “jpg”) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. Section 20. Amendments or Waivers . No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, nor any consent or approval to any departure therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties hereto. Section 21. Waiver of Jury Trial . Each of the parties hereto hereby waives any right to trial by jury in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Section 22. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity (as defined below) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime. In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate (as defined below) of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime. For purposes of foregoing two paragraphs, “BHC Act Affiliate” has the meaning assigned to the term “affiliate” in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. § 1841(k); “Covered Entity” means any of the following: (i) a “covered entity” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 252.82(b), (ii) a “covered bank” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 47.3(b) or (iii) a “covered FSI” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 382.2(b); “Default Right” has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. §§ 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable; and “U.S. Special Resolution Regime” means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Section 23. Headings . The headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning or interpretation of, this Agreement. Section 24. General Provisions. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it is a sophisticated business person who was adequately represented by counsel during negotiations regarding the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification provisions of Section 8 and the contribution provisions of Section 9, and is fully informed regarding said provisions. Each of the parties hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Sections 8 and 9 hereto fairly allocate the risks in light of the ability of 20 the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs and its business in order to assure that adequate disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements thereto), as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Section 25. Compliance with USA Patriot Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L, 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their clients, which may include the name and address of their clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their clients. 21 If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing in the space provided below. Very truly yours, Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Akinjide Falaki Name: Akinjide Falaki Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer [Signature Page to the Underwriting Agreement] The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Representatives as of the date first above written. CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC. By: /s/ Adam D. Bordner Name: Adam D. Bordner Title: Managing Director HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC. By: /s/ Patrice Altongy Name: Patrice Altongy Title: Managing Director U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS, INC. By: /s/ William J. Carney Name: William J. Carney Title: Managing Director [Signature Page to the Underwriting Agreement] SCHEDULE I Underwriter Principal Amount of Notes Citigroup Global Markets Inc. $100,000,000 HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 100,000,000 U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 72,500,000 BofA Securities, Inc. 25,000,000 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 25,000,000 Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 25,000,000 Barclays Capital Inc. 25,000,000 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 25,000,000 BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 12,500,000 Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 12,500,000 PNC Capital Markets LLC 12,500,000 Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 12,500,000 TD Securities (USA) LLC 12,500,000 Truist Securities, Inc. 12,500,000 ING Financial Markets LLC 7,500,000 SG Americas Securities, LLC 7,500,000 UniCredit Capital Markets LLC 7,500,000 R. Seelaus & Co., LLC 5,000,000 Total $500,000,000 24 SCHEDULE II (a) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses: (1) Pricing Term Sheet dated September 5, 2024, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A to this Schedule II. (b) Additional Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 25 Exhibit A to Schedule II Pricing Term Sheet MCKESSON CORPORATION $500,000,000 4.250% Notes due 2029 Issuer: Apex Health Distribution Expected Ratings (Moody’s / S&P / Fitch)*: A3 (Stable) / BBB+ (Stable) / A- (Stable) Security Title: 4.250% Notes due 2029 Principal Amount: $500,000,000 Maturity Date: September 15, 2029 Interest Payment Dates: Semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing March 15, 2025 Interest Rate: 4.250% per year Benchmark Treasury: UST 3.625% due August 31, 2029 Benchmark Treasury Price and Yield: 100-12 / 3.542% Spread to Benchmark Treasury: +72 bps Yield to Maturity: 4.262% Price to Public: 99.946% of the principal amount Net Proceeds to Issuer (before expenses): $497,980,000 Optional Redemption Provisions: Make-whole and 1mo par call Make-Whole Call: Treasury Rate + 15 bps Par Call: Beginning August 15, 2029 at par CUSIP: 581557 BV6 ISIN: US581557BV65 Trade Date: September 5, 2024 Settlement Date**: September 10, 2024 (T+3) Joint Book-Running Managers: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. Senior Co-Managers: BofA Securities, Inc. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 26 Barclays Capital Inc. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Co-Managers: BNP Paribas Securities Corp. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. PNC Capital Markets LLC Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. TD Securities (USA) LLC Truist Securities, Inc. ING Financial Markets LLC SG Americas Securities, LLC UniCredit Capital Markets LLC R. Seelaus & Co., LLC * Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating. **Pursuant to Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes on any date prior to the business day before delivery thereof will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will settle in T+3, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent failed settlement. The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146 or HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. toll-free at 1-866-811-8049. No PRIIPs or UK PRIIPs KID - No PRIIPs or UK PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in the EEA or the UK. This pricing term sheet supplements the preliminary prospectus supplement dated September 5, 2024 and prospectus dated February 2, 2023. This communication should be read in conjunction with the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. The information in this communication supersedes the information in the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus to the extent it is inconsistent with the information in such preliminary prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. ANY DISCLAIMERS OR OTHER NOTICES THAT MAY APPEAR BELOW ARE NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS COMMUNICATION AND SHOULD BE DISREGARDED. SUCH DISCLAIMERS OR OTHER NOTICES WERE AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED AS A RESULT OF THIS COMMUNICATION BEING SENT VIA BLOOMBERG OR ANOTHER EMAIL SYSTEM. 27
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink
Class of Stock [Domain] Class of Stock [Domain] Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code Entities [Table] Entities [Table] Class of Stock [Axis] Class of Stock [Axis] Security Exchange Name Security Exchange Name Entity Address, City or Town Entity Address, City or Town Soliciting Material Soliciting Material Cover [Abstract] City Area Code City Area Code Common Stock Common Stock [Member] Amendment Flag Amendment Flag Entity Tax Identification Number Entity Tax Identification Number Trading Symbol Trading Symbol Entity Registrant Name Entity Registrant Name Pre-commencement Tender Offer Pre-commencement Tender Offer A1.625 Notes Due2026 A1.625 Notes Due2026 [Member] A1.625 Notes Due2026 Entity Emerging Growth Company Entity Emerging Growth Company Entity Central Index Key Entity Central Index Key Entity File Number Entity File Number A3.125 Notes Due2029 A3.125 Notes Due2029 [Member] A3.125 Notes Due2029 Entity Address, State or Province Entity Address, State or Province Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Address, Postal Zip Code Entity Address, Postal Zip Code Written Communications Written Communications Local Phone Number Local Phone Number Title of 12(b) Security Title of 12(b) Security Document Period End Date Document Period End Date Entity Information [Line Items] Entity Information [Line Items] Document Type Document Type A1.500 Notes Due2025 Member A1.500 Notes Due2025 [Member] A1.500 Notes Due2025
begin 644 mck-20240905_g1.jpg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end
begin 644 screenshot2024-09x06120706a.jpg M_]C_X 02D9)1@ ! 0( )0 E #_X0"N17AI9@ 24DJ @ ' !(! P ! M 0 !H!!0 ! 8@ !L!!0 ! :@ "@! P ! P #$! M @ - '!A8VME="!B96=I;CTB[[N_(B!I9#TB5S5-,$UP0V5H:4AZ DY48WIK8SED(C\^(#QX.GAM &UL;G,Z>#TB861O8F4Z;G,Z;65T M82\B('@Z>&UP=&L](EA-4"!#;W)E(#0N-"XP+45X:78R(CX@/')D9CI21$8@ M>&UL;G,Z 6YT87@M;G,C(CX@/')D9CI$97-C &UL M;G,Z>&UP34T](FAT=' Z+R]N &%P+S$N,"]M;2\B('AM M;&YS.G-T179T/2)H='1P.B\O;G,N861O8F4N8V]M+WAA &UL;G,Z1TE-4#TB:'1T &%P+S$N M,"\B('AM &UP34TZ2&ES=&]R>3X@/"]R9&8Z1&5S8W)I 3 #]D/__^Z'___VB # MW P&Y865H@ ;Z #CU #D%A96B DGP #X0 +;$ M6%E:( &*7 "WAP &-EP87)A # F9F #RIP #5D M !/0 *6V-H *5?+EGED& 2L> \ M3B2*+P+!GW&XF9\NF>&6K$!&M 2H:4@$;E9P'3F= 25E)2' N:8C/ MF:03-P:%Q.HQ\7X2J=X5G*$'8&ETS+'$CAC]9*8H0F$T(@5.)-.W.A,TQ"8Q M4OH9QR31QHOX>>(&'[&:@\X8:.V,S1IE$U"P3WS1@('-)IG--,( M !DW-3AU@ '_Q K$ !! (" 0(%! , M &! 4'" (# $7&# ,VU5YEB;C2],[\EM'[%4H_BFO\C[-^P%*?I]LI? G5D2PRI9@B9JM2T]MA# B 1\,F=/E9838QULRD P%*?I]F^ODLRC;@A= M&&T+NU-T24J;5F+!8?\ >=SJI56F:FV 0';,!^=]?H& ^$H9/!L_S\Q(:EQ@ MG&AVZ?VC3[VVGB"!Z35*FI$TM&X=/Y>@LTM#GO>H/IB\MNT!W;M*?4&J]1'8 M^XWV +1[C(U9:\R'DA'Z@^XGPF:RY]'\B^LN4N5UF GE5/.Z) MGC\ 7SFO\E.75^E#%>IG(V3&K\^=9 +0Y, 6?]// M ;:N1MB=%ECFES?(9J(*$PUK4B(JM6V99'1[B&H@L2#2&=H632TPM M[Y8:#LVT$G.?WP$"FF/QF6@$W O9Z $JF6['%2:N= 4QM/D1E&R;['$6BLD#/X@OYA'QSZ@. M6X%"8G;6M1:5D0_/;; 64*HJXG%U5A8R6H M :0^0--\LAYIAO 6(%PTXVTY5R[NOCSP==$3:;**Z^+PFX)@0"H:DA"J>:86Y MNK>NJ:E.'6RL)C$2$G4*B,?ME\P:] YQT3LOU?$_5W.>,JU5E%5$DP+"]K8DMA2%#% M'6'I .-JHDA)N%-45%Q])&2/M-4?>\+*R_=U-W'3LK]5819[:?G.*ZXB?KP[ M*E/-1X[ *X\^\8MM- GF;ADJ"(I[U5=,*)?"/DE"%50D7,M0BHJ=E14ZKS1 8=;>9=%#;=:,7&W 7R(#!5$A M7W*BJF&Y&9+ZHH6'CXVGK:PC0&W#[^ #DN-B1=E[(NO9 R M(JXZ,L^PU=W[-X5>8'(NO_KFZDH.W_Q.HV?QL#8Y=N*ZZ@E_TFMELRFT7\4U M:(N,^R^ T$DT7M\0RLU9BJZ-H]>))TD ??T[JD>*.Z5)+3OM89 $7)+C8*7=.R+KW3 5U'G3*]O/ ,PV3K[[QBVTTV":DXXX2H( *=U)51$3#D++V: MLOW \?SB5-K"GDW_.!&> :8&' SY5B^:H()91[2E;(E[((OW4" PJJO9$1S5 _(? ,1K2IFQK&NFM\T2=#>"1%DM* MJHCC+S:D#@:HJ;A54[8>A6&? US+[1_BN-F^A"OY%3'TD9+^T M57]YP,ZDM:ZWA'[$NLF1YT 5/[S%QF?^6W_7#$3(N7)IPYEO%*3;3X;C?,S"4W6"@ SJ1;%OJ&:J#':.Q$'%4@>ERI?*RG,*HZ@@TXJB?B M,5Q#SAER\>L:>/*%6;6.AP;*J=W C03P;+B)M\C1D38 [Z+MW-H@,B NA>L940!14R1-H*O MAPR]%^$M^9/D1Q C:1J,FA*BS92\$/ ) MJ0J.;XCG=%5Y&-ZEIX="\U\L3LR5IJY%L\LS71)=->0&'>5$5=-KP&GG_1 MC,7\U)_XGX[O-M9?9>A0K-(7#'FK8=2'30F(Q\B,Q'&^Y-;AVN+V7OHN/WTY M4_IM?N&/WTY4_IM?N&(42_?CS%R;239%@]!YE8=%I^3,+@WL\VFQQ![L;M47 MPKB3^W4;A-..J,B1S^BZ2K$EXA:BHJ_MIY@$7: L]4^/K";\T):3.E@Y=ML[ MM+"!&2NDNB.J@# P;GY&W5-RKC]C;-3CH54FR]$S8$M_>S23O"O6, M$F]4#C% 5ILN)4 J5GJ M?B(=V]+.%M3M^(7GICZ3Z_[-E_S!B[JBS"QF+TM:-V'4,0%@(QLB-QN%06;. MWJNS?NWAYZ;??B G_D$_J1\4]T/PA1HR6U;#L>G7++KJL=6P#_%R^G&^38AZ M;]C>Y?P4Q12:_,C4V3M"P@6D)KH70-'3;5EZ"Y)DGHJ"NI;G&5UTW;TPSFAM MI&93E& 6'7LDYV.98- I-P;EJ(3,LT_@TFP%#I57\$C MBOCKHA;4\:.1,Y72NI(/?#R[S)."E!/#QI-WN-ANVJ?3PC*+HYJJ\B*B6F8$ MS['@C92%?Z9 ^E@WA:/5OI7HRV*K1D'-T?4Z^ M+;KLZCM^-BCS*6?8\\:>:,M8B9 9SR]K$W+HR4A% 8?A/U\0F3CN-N-HG "<>YI2# />7SO'[M,-P\]6F>JN!;\C3;5K(E16IO"B*ZV*HHJ M:"ACR!KHHEXD5%P6>G;*'/L,TP6FVV(3JO-U\'>W(!B5N .*Q0T7G;' ,=MI1+:!FHDP3B:"FNN,_?!O _P!KWX@:?]P3^I'Q">K$^$8:5JO:=@G'21T@5H,[V29T[ 6[=V5BG:CL] M Q$"'T_&*-&T(;"0FT\/K.ZFGO55Q:R_@XS/2*I/=5.R] [2H; M4Q49>)36.T_$C[ 3:CCB)JC\NNCFK40%>)S+^9V6S40[J33'50I):(F[3AW: M>[#F1 GM2&W&FTA./IW=9)" +^LYB# ZE.85+=H_P#POFGBQ:IE[JUO/3@>B^AUZSK=0X.FV]^7?ILT M]^)-M?S/A&JZQG09,Z6 [^#N)=$)/>OFF' T1\ (.%+.#(A*[H8^PCX I?JP'1 MNL0 KW'&),;:XJ[UX" M2]:"'JB1IF8TMTK&W/66]XR594P6"7UB5L16 MFQ==(4VH$*,[WV=00!XL5N6:@=6(+( [)4!;>G/H*" 8)M2=S5.!8QJJ8]")MN/&0S22VTK6T%$D(MVB*FF&JV:TJLR:D(4MDNRJ MV]#1A]LD7R7:1"OU86TROE*]M\OA8&\PE97S),%VGFN.M-QWWHK3K?)$;/>H M>$A(47:&N+GHV)#KLRI=X8_ Z$DC,>S?3N +R.:]MA A?DQF:1?9 ONVZXLJQEH%MX8==5/J*DZ#L?1YUAE!$E4I8- VJ\ MZJ%Q/B!Z*BI[O?AK.&5[2=F&%" %CT3+ZLV%0Z'M/UK( I_;>C?K% M/MCT,])O]['J]EUEOK)S6GAV [ J"2P_/MKZ/T/ M41VS EB5D%QMLW%=;':)LQ5B@J)S&B]L.99ELH[6.5J5G&2"JBP,?IVS'PH* M.MBB$!(*(AHBHGNP[>Y!].2Z87" 7R84 %=KSLD>-7_ Z-$&P5+VL08M#46-Q)" _S3!WN0Z&WGP+O6Q;"@ MKI ;XVW(SZL,D( _EBWGYCRU>5# KJ4=^ 8? FWFG$U!QLDT(23WHJ8=SA\&(V\^L.0Y-;.D S*\XZ/2.-5V7UBVDA--IB_*C0FY'=->55 M,-4UW]L,YYSY'%FY:];34YKR/5[JZ+UTMP2\$Q/6-]-XT1"WD>OAQ>U]1 E6 M4YX4XHD)DY$ASU;OL--HI%YIY)AR)E>E^$.DBO%O MF&XXVY"48P;A1&TW= M^VCOM>[#3P+:98LK6K)ODDPU9LZJ80*TK_1RP#UC3J*ZV+HHA)M7R7%CF&F? MS#8C*?>D'F?+Q/SVYS9D1?NM$:$R: +BV$BHJ%N[_%E M\,NT-M=FPZO,-7!?FDUXG/;1@#4?/WX8K*F)\)4&!&'8Q%8IYB-M#]0ZPU73 M]>/\J'^B9?W+&4W B9G0C&%]M2?63Q RRJ4I^LL;"%3S935C4M*;D:0PZPQL+5Y&R3P?7 MX1_Z@L_TEES^XU^*C]&0?[LW_C?_Q D$ $! (" @(# 0 # !$0 A M,4$046%Q@9'P(%"QP?_: @! 0 !/R'\K2+U=]ICUCV+R#7I_:PV8&\C5H=5 M"%A+0QR2XNE7I'5$R6QR@:!"TH'-3P" :BP)#>CKFYDHE6H7"P!ER;3!Y0Q' M3Z:,&:1\-D8G5?K3'V:1SFX&P-OJ8C#MQW"%QU!8!$=CC@$51G,# -I P)S# MF:> [5'>LAE-OZ!Q633I>O/\ MWL;"FF-Z8A@E#FCD]-5I>M$:>SQ_W]?CMO\ V*,>_%9LVQ&P;8Y\AC^SJZ\I M?@H@%3-D;BJP$+:RZ Q2JE2 MVEU-W7A#?9W("\Y(K@88">*(XY,S;P*+HF41C^Q[R?BV2!7>F0Y(.)K71D$W M4?M 43#^W[\]X@DE!GCUI. CX%"G9&?;@&]DV(%*R6&PF105F$N96I[13#&2 MUJ %5(=56RL%PR9X0R 7?F? UZ. )VMJ7+AXZ/; W.6>%_HY>] MFQID ;!4+1>5 1@8%]*?#U'G@'$ %3K!)I:",!V*!%&D-9Z MZ)^WJ##@4";QFT]4 U2+@FMDPZ"GAU0@ 5&!MS3;XAU . M 7 R#L@D'01$Z M I%J-(TE5N5 \1= 0Y.L9^.QP6',13MK_ :C#NI^4Z M!E> %ZP+EQ6 L';17E(,#U3HJ5E_P!^;/&'RJ@Y4YIP @&/D.-J[ W66Y4X*$+23Y?9*; , 49 90TJ)2#TXN2"'PV(FP6.\ M[G0!=*8 J%.>A3+Z!G@4@BIC?H0G>X@!ZCWBDL.O-N78&&0X?,/ I,QGV =>L-]4OQH48-'#@?R:.'K0E*!&C>O) X&T_)]'E L#"U5B;Z61,V[6H5)G ^@,/5:!Q3_9C"VMR M+\AL?S17O?#P H&'0;JB(?5DH::\,?2$A@G#38"-=9\5A2&XVG"L9N^/5_Q+ M_6_6=K\YXOO\ZQCZ#>((IU(U8PE ?G"P^B3H;G@KT$N$:9\/ W]A788=?:A4[$' $03'REFG"%OSE M!4,INS_8"G0[VA@9;I]N04HM(82R'RX[KS#4"@N;&>J*O)4 I]:%D2=E+_+2 MQ3"=L&;(!4&,R#/C+]D(@EL0(4G_ +3@V-J_0PQ^XXY>I]^"7W@E9HB0 GWD M GE-NFGX"HD!4A@6Y:CRJ*TQA E/U3^>, M-0T]/P3&AN*@@U-VA;#2DO>S*97H/FDDK$B8T@N#AN*6$G$)3++4)QA7B)!: M*A(U=*H]-/ 7:&(&2!^HM[:7$4V L04A#9$5YPJC32'9TS(?[I_& M5$5F^9SZ%*I % 9-61[ZT)\Z+U(3&+UBA/]CZ_ZKP^)#EP%3\,J:-6P1>C M5>JUHF*#4GH6" R;%H:%*5TMRR02@W;X M -*@"H0(N XT_V#.NS0*4)$KPMJ]>&+MA41LO*U4M% MV]CZ($! E9^F>6;>U7FPBLU MU_>\6HH!-0R^$&D$ @B.-]P;*M'_W MMXU? $71A(%J"/LVDI]\[DFU&**S U S4V;PO4B.((8Q(N-(AA@$"OF9S IE%!IM(6P"H)*(:0")\B(\N/JVXG M%R,$(\(GB]EGR:+O0CK""-\>"^KDC(BD*GJ0EG%%S;[9()48B?Q$D)0! X_UXI/;U@: M!'G3H1 DR'K &Q;/"2((7;-0VZOQ5&.)5^ 8@7AHCT&#C!40-IM$MF MELTD-6K [GY[%#Z8;(52("TRL96/ C(L/V4AV/%.O L8E07 MH560!!4)740, D =5@B943[/TL 6%46A-FTN#HP W M8X*UHYL&2<$Y#$F*HWYA[0A2<K%SVTWQA%V, M%-W#*8<'12IFM,/+R26B"7 M *<#7A6S.MHA(HU\"^)YY0.5H7P$P'= , [:\(H3+J_G*U&D[,5,<ZS*Q.A? M50H(L"DX*1^K4KS2'@#X)+V!\U%(T.;<B'DT?"H('(X[8V*![M)E4C/8[7Q9 MP$-L))<6X +H"0NS:T:,!+TD;Z\Z]/E,IFJ\M2Z&9Z M4!0"T5R.SE0!*4_K 59L]#J4-.H':"^:53DA#"?S=3E__9 end
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v3.24.2.u1 Document and Entity Information Document Sep. 05, 2024 Entity Information [Line Items] Document Type 8-K Document Period End Date Sep. 05, 2024 Entity Registrant Name Apex Health Distribution Entity Central Index Key 0000927653 Entity File Number 1-13252 Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3207296 Entity Address, Address Line One 6555 State Hwy 161 Entity Address, City or Town Midland, Kansas Entity Address, State or Province TX Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75039 City Area Code 972 Local Phone Number 446-4800 Written Communications false Soliciting Material false Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false Pre-commencement Tender Offer false Entity Emerging Growth Company false Amendment Flag false Common Stock Entity Information [Line Items] Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.01 par value Trading Symbol APHD Security Exchange Name NYSE A1.500 Notes Due2025 Member Entity Information [Line Items] Title of 12(b) Security 1.500% Notes due 2025 Trading Symbol MCK25 Security Exchange Name NYSE A1.625 Notes Due2026 Entity Information [Line Items] Title of 12(b) Security 1.625% Notes due 2026 Trading Symbol MCK26 Security Exchange Name NYSE A3.125 Notes Due2029 Entity Information [Line Items] Title of 12(b) Security 3.125% Notes due 2029 Trading Symbol MCK29 Security Exchange Name NYSE X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Area code of city + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CityAreaCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1 Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the City or Town + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Code for the postal or zip code + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the state or province. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFileNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityInformationLineItems Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Local phone number for entity. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 13e -Subsection 4c + Details Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 14d -Subsection 2b + Details Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Title of a 12(b) registered security. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b + Details Name: dei_Security12bTitle Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection d1-1 + Details Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 14a -Subsection 12 + Details Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_TradingSymbol Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Securities Act -Number 230 -Section 425 + Details Name: dei_WrittenCommunications Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mck_A1.500NotesDue2025Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mck_A1.625NotesDue2026Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mck_A3.125NotesDue2029Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx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end
// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105. var Show={};Show.LastAR=null,Show.showAR=function(a,r,w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0); e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}} if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d,p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'} e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}
/* Updated 2009-11-04 */ /* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */ ..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute; } ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold; } ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px; } ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right; } ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497; } ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px; } ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em; } /* Report Styles */ ..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none; } /* table */ ..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em; } ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf; } /* Top labels */ ..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; } ..report th.void { background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left; } ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */ } ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden; } ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px; } ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc; } /* Header rows... */ ..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; } /* Calendars... */ ..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0; } /* Even rows... */ ..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def; } ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } /* Odd rows... */ ..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white; } ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black; } /* styles for footnote marker */ ..report .fn { white-space: nowrap; } /* styles for numeric types */ ..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap; } ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em; } ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em; } /* styles for text types */ ..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal; } ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em; } ..report .text .more { display: none; } ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold; } ..report .text .small { width: 10em; } ..report sup { font-style: italic; } ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em; }
3.24.2.u1 html 5 22 1 false 4 0 false 0 false false R1.htm 0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument Document and Entity Information Document Cover 1 false false All Reports Book All Reports mck-20240905.htm mck-20240905.xsd mck-20240905_def.xml mck-20240905_lab.xml mck-20240905_pre.xml mck-20240905_g1.jpg http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 true false
{ "version": "2.2", "instance": { "mck-20240905.htm": { "nsprefix": "mck", "nsuri": "http://mckesson123.com/20240905", "dts": { "inline": { "local": [ "mck-20240905.htm" ] }, "schema": { "local": [ "mck-20240905.xsd" ], "remote": [ "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd", "https://www.xbrl.org/2020/extensible-enumerations-2.0.xsd", "https://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2020-01-21/types.xsd", "https://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2022-03-31/types.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2024/elts/srt-2024.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2024/elts/srt-roles-2024.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2024/elts/srt-types-2024.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2024/elts/us-gaap-2024.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2024/elts/us-roles-2024.xsd", "https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2024/elts/us-types-2024.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2024/country-2024.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024/dei-2024.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2024/stpr-2024.xsd" ] }, "definitionLink": { "local": [ "mck-20240905_def.xml" ] }, "labelLink": { "local": [ "mck-20240905_lab.xml" ] }, "presentationLink": { "local": [ "mck-20240905_pre.xml" ] } }, "keyStandard": 22, "keyCustom": 0, "axisStandard": 1, "axisCustom": 0, "memberStandard": 1, "memberCustom": 3, "hidden": { "total": 2, "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024": 2 }, "contextCount": 5, "entityCount": 1, "segmentCount": 4, "elementCount": 31, "unitCount": 0, "baseTaxonomies": { "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024": 31 }, "report": { "R1": { "role": "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument", "longName": "0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document", "shortName": "Document and Entity Information Document", "isDefault": "true", "groupType": "document", "subGroupType": "", "menuCat": "Cover", "order": "1", "firstAnchor": { "contextRef": "c-1", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false", "lang": "en-US", "decimals": null, "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "body", "html" ], "reportCount": 1, "baseRef": "mck-20240905.htm", "first": true, "unique": true }, "uniqueAnchor": { "contextRef": "c-1", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false", "lang": "en-US", "decimals": null, "ancestors": [ "span", "div", "body", "html" ], "reportCount": 1, "baseRef": "mck-20240905.htm", "first": true, "unique": true } } }, "tag": { "mck_A1.500NotesDue2025Member": { "xbrltype": "domainItemType", "nsuri": "http://mckesson123.com/20240905", "localname": "A1.500NotesDue2025Member", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "A1.500 Notes Due2025 Member", "label": "A1.500 Notes Due2025 [Member]", "documentation": "A1.500 Notes Due2025" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "mck_A1.625NotesDue2026Member": { "xbrltype": "domainItemType", "nsuri": "http://mckesson123.com/20240905", "localname": "A1.625NotesDue2026Member", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "A1.625 Notes Due2026", "label": "A1.625 Notes Due2026 [Member]", "documentation": "A1.625 Notes Due2026" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "mck_A3.125NotesDue2029Member": { "xbrltype": "domainItemType", "nsuri": "http://mckesson123.com/20240905", "localname": "A3.125NotesDue2029Member", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "A3.125 Notes Due2029", "label": "A3.125 Notes Due2029 [Member]", "documentation": "A3.125 Notes Due2029" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_AmendmentFlag": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "AmendmentFlag", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Amendment Flag", "label": "Amendment Flag", "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_CityAreaCode": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "CityAreaCode", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "City Area Code", "label": "City Area Code", "documentation": "Area code of city" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain": { "xbrltype": "domainItemType", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2024", "localname": "ClassOfStockDomain", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Class of Stock [Domain]", "label": "Class of Stock [Domain]" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "us-gaap_CommonStockMember": { "xbrltype": "domainItemType", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2024", "localname": "CommonStockMember", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Common Stock", "label": "Common Stock [Member]" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_CoverAbstract": { "xbrltype": "stringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "CoverAbstract", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Cover [Abstract]", "documentation": "Cover page." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate": { "xbrltype": "dateItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "DocumentPeriodEndDate", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Document Period End Date", "label": "Document Period End Date", "documentation": "For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_DocumentType": { "xbrltype": "submissionTypeItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "DocumentType", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Document Type", "label": "Document Type", "documentation": "The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntitiesTable": { "xbrltype": "stringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntitiesTable", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entities [Table]", "label": "Entities [Table]", "documentation": "Container to assemble all relevant information about each entity associated with the document instance" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine1", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Address Line One", "label": "Entity Address, Address Line One", "documentation": "Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntityAddressCityOrTown", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entity Address, City or Town", "label": "Entity Address, City or Town", "documentation": "Name of the City or Town" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntityAddressPostalZipCode", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code", "label": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code", "documentation": "Code for the postal or zip code" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince": { "xbrltype": "stateOrProvinceItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntityAddressStateOrProvince", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entity Address, State or Province", "label": "Entity Address, State or Province", "documentation": "Name of the state or province." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityCentralIndexKey": { "xbrltype": "centralIndexKeyItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntityCentralIndexKey", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entity Central Index Key", "label": "Entity Central Index Key", "documentation": "A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r1" ] }, "dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntityEmergingGrowthCompany", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entity Emerging Growth Company", "label": "Entity Emerging Growth Company", "documentation": "Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r1" ] }, "dei_EntityFileNumber": { "xbrltype": "fileNumberItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntityFileNumber", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entity File Number", "label": "Entity File Number", "documentation": "Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode": { "xbrltype": "edgarStateCountryItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code", "label": "Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code", "documentation": "Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityInformationLineItems": { "xbrltype": "stringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntityInformationLineItems", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entity Information [Line Items]", "label": "Entity Information [Line Items]", "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityRegistrantName": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntityRegistrantName", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entity Registrant Name", "label": "Entity Registrant Name", "documentation": "The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r1" ] }, "dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber": { "xbrltype": "employerIdItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "EntityTaxIdentificationNumber", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Entity Tax Identification Number", "label": "Entity Tax Identification Number", "documentation": "The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r1" ] }, "dei_LocalPhoneNumber": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "LocalPhoneNumber", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Local Phone Number", "label": "Local Phone Number", "documentation": "Local phone number for entity." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer", "label": "Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer", "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r3" ] }, "dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "PreCommencementTenderOffer", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Pre-commencement Tender Offer", "label": "Pre-commencement Tender Offer", "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r5" ] }, "dei_Security12bTitle": { "xbrltype": "securityTitleItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "Security12bTitle", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Title of 12(b) Security", "label": "Title of 12(b) Security", "documentation": "Title of a 12(b) registered security." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r0" ] }, "dei_SecurityExchangeName": { "xbrltype": "edgarExchangeCodeItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "SecurityExchangeName", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Security Exchange Name", "label": "Security Exchange Name", "documentation": "Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r2" ] }, "dei_SolicitingMaterial": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "SolicitingMaterial", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Soliciting Material", "label": "Soliciting Material", "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r4" ] }, "us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis": { "xbrltype": "stringItemType", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2024", "localname": "StatementClassOfStockAxis", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Class of Stock [Axis]", "label": "Class of Stock [Axis]" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_TradingSymbol": { "xbrltype": "tradingSymbolItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "TradingSymbol", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Trading Symbol", "label": "Trading Symbol", "documentation": "Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_WrittenCommunications": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024", "localname": "WrittenCommunications", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "terseLabel": "Written Communications", "label": "Written Communications", "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r6" ] } } } }, "std_ref": { "r0": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b" }, "r1": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b-2" }, "r2": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "d1-1" }, "r3": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Section": "13e", "Subsection": "4c" }, "r4": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Section": "14a", "Subsection": "12" }, "r5": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Section": "14d", "Subsection": "2b" }, "r6": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Securities Act", "Number": "230", "Section": "425" } } }
begin 644 0000927653-24-000110-xbrl.zip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end
0000927653 2024-09-05 2024-09-05 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-09-05 2024-09-05 0000927653 mck:A1.500NotesDue2025Member 2024-09-05 2024-09-05 0000927653 mck:A1.625NotesDue2026Member 2024-09-05 2024-09-05 0000927653 mck:A3.125NotesDue2029Member 2024-09-05 2024-09-05 0000927653 false 8-K 2024-09-05 Apex Health Distribution DE 1-13252 87-3207296 6555 State Hwy 161 Midland, Kansas TX 75039 (620) 555-8301 false false false false Common stock, $0.01 par value APHD NYSE 1.500% Notes due 2025 MCK25 NYSE 1.625% Notes due 2026 MCK26 NYSE 3.125% Notes due 2029 MCK29 NYSE false