e10vk Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K þ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009 OR o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 1-13252 Apex Health Distribution A Delaware Corporation I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 87-3207296 Apex Health Distribution Plaza One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Telephone (620) 555-8300 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: (Title of Each Class) (Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered) Common Stock, $0.01 par value New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes þ No o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes þ No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes o No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer þ Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company o (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No þ The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, September 2008, was approximately $14.5 billion. Number of shares of common stock outstanding on April 30, 2009: 271,418,501. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for its 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Apex Health Distribution TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Item PART I 1. Business 3 1A. Risk Factors 10 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 10 2. Properties 10 3. Legal Proceedings 10 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 11 Executive Officers of the Registrant 11 PART II 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities and Stock Price Performance Graph 12 6. Selected Financial Data 13 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 14 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 14 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 14 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 14 9A. Controls and Procedures 14 9B. Other Information 14 PART III 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 15 11. Executive Compensation 15 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 15 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 17 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 17 PART IV 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 18 Signatures 19 EX-10.12 EX-10.13 EX-10.15 EX-10.19 EX-12 EX-21 EX-23 EX-24 EX-31.1 EX-31.2 EX-32 2 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution PART I Item 1. Business General Apex Health Distribution (“Apex Health Distribution,” the “Company,” the “Registrant” or “we” and other similar pronouns), is a Fortune 15 corporation providing supply, information and care management products and services designed to reduce costs and improve quality across the healthcare industry. The Company’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references in this document to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act,”) are available free of charge on our Web site ( www.apexhealthdist.com under the “Investors — SEC Filings” caption) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC” or the “Commission”). The content on any Web site referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this report, unless expressly noted otherwise. Business Segments We operate in two segments. The Apex Health Distribution Distribution Solutions segment distributes ethical and proprietary drugs, medical-surgical supplies and equipment, and health and beauty care products throughout North America. This segment also provides specialty pharmaceutical solutions for biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturers, sells pharmacy software and provides consulting, outsourcing and other services. This segment includes a 49% interest in Nadro, S.A. de C.V. (“Nadro”), one of the leading pharmaceutical distributors in Mexico and a 39% interest in Parata Systems, LLC (“Parata”), which sells automated pharmacy and supply management systems and services to retail and institutional outpatient pharmacies. The Apex Health Distribution Technology Solutions segment delivers enterprise-wide clinical, patient care, financial, supply chain, and strategic management software solutions, pharmacy automation for hospitals, as well as connectivity, outsourcing and other services. Our Payor group of businesses, which includes our InterQual ® , clinical auditing and compliance and medical management software businesses and our care management programs, are also included in this segment. The segment’s customers include hospitals, physicians, homecare providers, retail pharmacies and payors from North America, the United Kingdom, other European countries and Asia Pacific. Net revenues for our segments for the last three years were as follows: (Dollars in billions) 2009 2008 2007 Distribution Solutions $ 103.6 97 % $ 98.7 97 % $ 90.7 98 % Technology Solutions 3.0 3 3.0 3 2.3 2 Total $ 106.6 100 % $ 101.7 100 % $ 93.0 100 % Distribution Solutions Apex Health Distribution Distribution Solutions consists of the following businesses: U.S. Pharmaceutical Distribution, Apex Health Distribution Canada, Medical-Surgical Distribution, Apex Health Distribution Pharmacy Systems and Automation and Apex Health Distribution Specialty Care Solutions. This segment also includes our 49% interest in Nadro and 39% interest in Parata. 3 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution U.S. Pharmaceutical Distribution: This business supplies pharmaceuticals and other healthcare-related products to customers in three primary customer segments: 1) retail national accounts (including national and regional chains, food/drug combinations, mail order pharmacies and mass merchandisers); 2) independent retail pharmacies; and 3) institutional healthcare providers (including hospitals, health systems, integrated delivery networks, clinics and long-term care providers). Our U.S. pharmaceutical distribution business operates and serves thousands of customer locations through a network of 29 distribution centers, as well as a master redistribution center, a strategic redistribution center and two repackaging facilities, serving all 50 states and Puerto Rico. We invest in technology and other systems at all of our distribution centers to enhance safety, reliability and provide the best product availability for our customers. For example, in all of our distribution centers we use Acumax ® Plus, a Smithsonian award-winning technology that integrates and tracks all internal inventory-related functions such as receiving, put-away and order fulfillment. Acumax Plus uses bar code technology, wrist-mounted computer hardware and radio frequency signals to provide customers with real-time product availability and industry-leading order quality and fulfillment in excess of 99.9% adjusted accuracy. In addition, we offer Mobile Manager SM , which integrates portable handheld technology with Acumax Plus to give customers complete ordering and inventory control. We also offer Apex Health Distribution Connect (formerly Supply Management Online SM ), an Internet-based ordering system that provides item lookup and real-time inventory availability as well as ordering, purchasing, third-party reconciliation and account management functionality. Together, these features help ensure customers have the right products at the right time for their facilities and patients. To maximize distribution efficiency and effectiveness, we follow the Six Sigma methodology — an analytical approach that emphasizes setting high-quality objectives, collecting data and analyzing results to a fine degree in order to improve processes, reduce costs and minimize errors. We continue to implement information systems to help achieve greater consistency and accuracy both internally and for our customers. The major offerings of the Apex Health Distribution U.S. Pharmaceutical Distribution business, by customer group can be categorized as retail national accounts, independent retail pharmacies and institutional healthcare providers. Retail National Accounts — Business solutions that help national account customers increase revenues and profitability: • Central Fill — Prescription refill service that enables pharmacies to more quickly refill prescriptions remotely, more accurately and at a lower cost, while reducing inventory levels and improving customer service. • Redistribution Centers — Two facilities totaling 420 thousand square feet that offer access to inventory for single source warehouse purchasing, including pharmaceuticals and biologicals. These distribution centers also provide the foundation for a two-tiered distribution network that supports best-in-class direct store delivery. • EnterpriseRx™ — Apex Health Distribution EnterpriseRx™ is a fully integrated and centrally hosted pharmacy management solution (Application Service Provider model). Built utilizing the latest technology, EnterpriseRx centralizes data, reporting, pricing and drug updates, providing the operational control, visibility and support needed to reduce costs and streamline administrative tasks. • RxPak SM — Bulk-to-bottle repackaging service that leverages our purchasing scale and supplier relationships to provide pharmaceuticals at reduced prices, help increase inventory turns and reduce working capital investment. • Inventory Management — An integrated solution comprising forecasting software and automated replenishment technologies that reduce inventory carrying costs. 4 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution Independent Retail Pharmacies — Solutions for managed care contracting, branding and advertising, merchandising, purchasing, operational efficiency and automation that help independent pharmacists focus on patient care while improving profitability: • Health Mart ® —Health Mart ® is a national network of more than 2,000 independently-owned pharmacies and is one of the industry’s most comprehensive pharmacy franchise programs. Health Mart ® provides franchisees with managed care that drives Pharmacy Benefit Manager recognition, branding that drives consumer recognition, in-store programs that drive manufacturer and payor recognition and community advocacy programs that drive industry recognition. Health Mart ® helps franchisees grow their businesses by focusing on the three principles of successful retailing: – Attract new customers; – Maximize the value of current customers; and – Enhance business efficiency. • AccessHealth ® — Comprehensive managed care and reconciliation assistance services that help independent pharmacies save time, access competitive reimbursement rates and improve cash flow. • Apex Health Distribution Reimbursement Advantage (“MRA”) — MRA is one of the industry’s most comprehensive reimbursement optimization packages, comprising financial services (automated claim resubmission), analytic services and customer care. • Apex Health Distribution OneStop Generics ® — Generic pharmaceutical purchasing program that helps pharmacies maximize their cost savings with a broad selection of generic drugs, low pricing and one-stop shopping. • Sunmark ® — Complete line of more than 1,000 products that provide retail independent pharmacies with value-priced alternatives to national brands. • FrontEdge™ — Strategic planning, merchandising and price maintenance program that helps independent pharmacies maximize store profitability. • Apex Health Distribution Home Health Care — Comprehensive line of more than 1,800 home health care products, including durable medical equipment, diabetes supplies, self-care supplies and disposables from national brands and the Sunmark ® line. Institutional Healthcare Providers — Electronic ordering/purchasing and supply chain management systems that help improve efficiencies, save labor and improve asset utilization: • Fulfill-Rx™ — Ordering and inventory management system that integrates Apex Health Distribution pharmaceutical distribution services with our automation solutions, thus empowering hospitals to optimize the often complicated and disjointed processes related to unit-based cabinet replenishment and inventory management. • Asset Management — Award-winning inventory optimization and purchasing management program that helps institutional providers lower costs while ensuring product availability. • SKY Packaging — Blister-format packaging containing the most widely prescribed dosages and strengths in generic oral solid-medications. SKY enables acute care, long-term care and institutional pharmacies to provide cost-effective, uniform packaging. • Apex Health Distribution OneStop Generics ® The Apex Health Distribution OneStop Generics program enables acute care pharmacies to capture the full potential of purchasing generic pharmaceuticals. The Long-Term Care OneStop Generics program allows a long-term care pharmacy to capture savings on generic purchases. • Apex Health Distribution 340B Manager and Easy340B — Solutions that help providers manage, track, and report on the medication replenishment associated with the federal 340B Drug Pricing Program. • High Performance Pharmacy — Framework that identifies and categorizes hospital pharmacy best practices to help improve clinical outcomes and financial results. The High Performance Pharmacy Assessment and Benchmarking tools enable hospital pharmacies to measure against comparable institutions and chart a step-by-step path to high performance. 5 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution Apex Health Distribution Canada: Apex Health Distribution Canada, a wholly-owned subsidiary, is one of the largest pharmaceutical distributors in Canada. Apex Health Distribution Canada, through its network of 17 distribution centers, provides logistics and distribution to more than 800 manufacturers — delivering their products to retail pharmacies, hospitals, long-term care centers, clinics and institutions throughout Canada. Beyond pharmaceutical distribution, logistics and order fulfillment, Apex Health Distribution Canada has automated over 2,500 retail pharmacies and is also active in hospital automation solutions, dispensing more than 100 million doses each year. In partnership with other Apex Health Distribution businesses, Apex Health Distribution Canada provides a full range of services to Canadian manufacturers and healthcare providers, contributing to the quality and safety of care for Canadian patients. Medical—Surgical Distribution: Medical-Surgical Distribution provides medical-surgical supply distribution, equipment, logistics and other services to healthcare providers including physicians’ offices, surgery centers, extended care facilities, homecare and occupational health sites through a network of 29 distribution centers within the U.S. This business is a leading provider of supplies to the full range of alternate-site healthcare facilities, including physicians’ offices, clinics and surgery centers (primary care), long-term care, occupational health facilities and homecare sites (extended care). Through a variety of technology products and services geared towards the supply chain, our Medical-Surgical Distribution business is focused on helping its customers operate more efficiently while providing one of the industry’s most extensive product offerings, including our own private label line. This business also includes ZEE ® Medical, one of the most extensive product offerings in the industry of first aid, safety and training solutions, providing services to industrial and commercial customers. This business offers an extensive line of products and services aimed at maximizing productivity and minimizing the liability and cost associated with workplace illnesses and injuries. Apex Health Distribution Pharmacy Systems and Automation: This business supplies integrated pharmacy management systems, automated dispensing systems and related services to retail, outpatient, central fill, specialty and mail order pharmacies. We also own a 39% interest in Parata which sells automated pharmacy and supply management systems and services to retail and institutional pharmacies. Apex Health Distribution Specialty Care Solutions: This business provides solutions for patients with complex diseases and advances specialty care by facilitating collaboration among healthcare providers, drug manufacturers and payors through our expertise in specialty drug reimbursement and patient access program development. The business also supports manufacturers in product life cycle management as well as physicians and patients in gaining cost effective access to needed therapies. Apex Health Distribution Specialty Care Solutions facilitates direct-to-physician specialty distribution services ensuring specialty drugs are received in manufacturer recommended conditions. This business also offers our industry leading Lynx ® integrated technologies which help organizations improve reimbursement services and business efficiencies as well as clinical and patient support tools for improving safety and therapy adherence. Technology Solutions Our Technology Solutions segment provides a comprehensive portfolio of software, automation, support and services to help healthcare organizations improve quality and patient safety, reduce the cost and variability of care and better manage their resources and revenue stream. This segment also includes our Payor group of businesses, which includes our InterQual, ® clinical auditing and compliance software businesses and our disease and medical management programs. This segment markets its products and services to integrated delivery networks, hospitals, physician practices, home healthcare providers, retail pharmacies and payors. The segment sells its solutions and services internationally through subsidiaries and/or distribution agreements in Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries, Asia Pacific and Israel. 6 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution The product portfolio for the Technology Solutions segment is designed to address a wide array of healthcare clinical and business performance needs ranging from medication safety and information access to revenue cycle management, resource utilization and physician adoption of electronic health records (“EHR”). Analytics software enables organizations to measure progress as they automate care processes for optimal clinical outcomes, business and operating results and regulatory compliance. To ensure that organizations achieve the maximum value for their information technology investment, the Technology Solutions segment also offers a wide range of services to support the implementation and use of solutions as well as assist with business and clinical redesign, process re-engineering and staffing (both information technology and back-office). Key solution areas are as follows: Clinical management: Horizon Clinicals ® is built with architecture to facilitate integration and enable modular system deployment. It includes a clinical data repository, clinical decision support, physician order entry, point-of-care documentation with bar-coded medication administration, enterprise laboratory, radiology, pharmacy, surgical management, an emergency department solution and an ambulatory EHR system. Horizon Clinicals ® also includes solutions to facilitate physician access to patient information such as a Web-based physician portal and wireless devices that draw on information from the hospital’s information systems. In addition, the Horizon Clinicals ® suite includes a comprehensive solution for homecare, including telehealth and hospice. Enterprise imaging: In addition to document imaging to facilitate maintenance and access to complete medical records, the segment provides a suite of enterprise medical imaging and information management systems, including a picture archiving communications system and a comprehensive cardiovascular information system. The segment’s enterprise-wide approach to medical imaging enables organizations to take advantage of specialty-specific workstations while building an integrated image repository that manages all of the images and information captured throughout the care continuum. Financial management: The segment’s revenue cycle solutions are designed to reduce days in accounts receivable, prevent insurance claim denials, reduce costs and improve productivity. Examples of solutions include online patient billing, contract management, electronic claims processing and coding compliance checking. The segment’s hospital information systems play a key role in managing the revenue cycle by automating the operation of individual departments and their respective functions within the inpatient environment. Resource management: Resource management solutions consist of an integrated suite of applications that enhance an organization’s ability to plan and optimize the delivery of quality patient care. These solutions automate the management of the workforce, supply chain, surgical and anesthesia documentation and provide analytics for performance measurement. Linking resource requirements to care protocols, the resource management solutions enhance predictability, improve communication, reduce variability and lower overall costs associated with care delivery. Automation: Automation solutions include technologies that help hospitals re-engineer and improve their medication use and supply management processes. Examples include centralized pharmacy automation for unit-dose medications, unit-based cabinet technologies for secure medication storage and rapid retrieval, point-of-use supply automation systems for inventory management and revenue capture and an automated medication administration system for ensuring accuracy at the point of care. Based on a foundation of bar-code scanning technology, these integrated solutions are designed to reduce errors and bring new levels of safety to patients. Physician practice solutions: The segment provides a complete solution for physician practices of all sizes that includes software, revenue cycle outsourcing and connectivity services. Software solutions include practice management and EHR software for physicians of every size, specialty or geographic location. The segment’s physician practice offering also includes outsourced billing and collection services as well as services that connect physicians with their patients, hospitals, retail pharmacies and payors. Revenue cycle outsourcing enables physician groups to avoid the infrastructure investment and administrative costs of their own in-house billing office. Services include clinical data collection, data input, medical coding, billing, contract management, cash collections, accounts receivable management and extensive reporting of metrics related to the physician practice. 7 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution Connectivity: Through the segment’s vendor-neutral MedLink ® and its intelligent network, the company provides interactive solutions that streamline clinical, financial and administrative communication between patients, providers, payors, pharmacies and financial institutions. MedLink ® helps to accelerate the delivery of high-quality care and improve financial performance through online consultation of physicians by patients, electronic prescribing by physicians, point-of-service resolution of pharmacy claims by payors, pre-visit financial clearance of patients by providers and post-visit settlement of provider bills by payors and patients. MedLink ® securely processes more than 12 billion financial and clinical transactions annually. In addition to the product offerings described above, the Technology Solutions segment offers a comprehensive range of services to help organizations derive greater value, enhance satisfaction and return on investment throughout the life of the solutions implemented. The range of services includes: Technology Services: The segment has worked with numerous healthcare organizations to support the smooth operation of their information systems by providing the technical infrastructure designed to maximize application accessibility, availability, security and performance. Outsourcing Services: The segment helps organizations focus their resources on healthcare while the segment manages their information technology or operations through managed services, including outsourcing. Service options include remote hosting, managing hospital data processing operations, as well as strategic information systems planning and management, revenue cycle processes, payroll processing, business office administration and major system conversions. Professional Services: Professional services help customers achieve business results from their software or automation investment. The segment offers a wide array of quality service options, including consulting for business and/or clinical process improvement and re-design as well as implementation, project management, technical and education services relating to all products in the Technology Solutions segment. Payor Group: The following suite of services and software products is marketed to payors, employers and government organizations to help manage the cost and quality of care: • Disease management programs to improve the health status and health outcomes of patients with chronic conditions; • Nurse triage services to provide health information and recommend appropriate levels of care; • Clinical and analytical software to support utilization, case and disease management workflows; • Business intelligence tools for measuring, reporting and improving clinical and financial performance; • InterQual ® Criteria for clinical decision support; and • Claims performance solutions to facilitate accurate and efficient medical claim payments. Acquisitions, Investments and Discontinued Operations We have undertaken strategic initiatives in recent years designed to further focus on our core healthcare businesses and enhance our competitive position. We expect to continue to undertake such strategic initiatives in the future. These initiatives are detailed in Financial Notes 2 and 7, “Acquisitions and Investments” and “Discontinued Operations,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Competition In every area of healthcare distribution operations, our Distribution Solutions segment faces strong competition, both in price and service, from national, regional and local full-line, short-line and specialty wholesalers, service merchandisers, self-warehousing chains, manufacturers engaged in direct distribution and large payor organizations. In addition, this segment faces competition from various other service providers and from pharmaceutical and other healthcare manufacturers (as well as other potential customers of the segment) which may from time to time decide to develop, for their own internal needs, supply management capabilities which would otherwise be provided by the segment. Price, quality of service, and in some cases, convenience to the customer are generally the principal competitive elements in this segment. 8 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution Our Technology Solutions segment experiences substantial competition from many firms, including other computer services firms, consulting firms, shared service vendors, certain hospitals and hospital groups, hardware vendors and Internet-based companies with technology applicable to the healthcare industry. Competition varies in size from small to large companies, in geographical coverage and in scope and breadth of products and services offered. Intellectual Property The principal trademarks and service marks of the Distribution Solutions segment include: AccessHealth ® , Acumax ® , Closed Loop Distribution SM , Comets ® , ConsumerScript SM ,.com Pharmacy Solutions ® , Econolink ® , Empowering Healthcare ® , EnterpriseRx™, Expect More From Moore SM , FrontEdge™, Health Mart ® , High Performance Pharmacy SM , LoyaltyScript ® , Lynx ® , Max Impact SM , Apex Health Distribution ® , Apex Health Distribution Advantage ® , Apex Health Distribution Empowering Healthcare ® , Apex Health Distribution Max Rewards ® , Apex Health Distribution OneStop Generics ® , Apex Health Distribution Priority Express ® , Apex Health Distribution Supply Manager SM , MediNet™, Medi-Pak ® , Mobile Manager SM , Moore Medical ® , Moorebrand SM , NOA ® , Northstar RX SM , Onmark ® , Pharma360 ® , PharmacyRx™, Pharmaserv ® , PharmAssure SM , ProIntercept ® , ProMed ® , ProPBM ® , RX Pak SM , RX Savings Access ® , ServiceFirst ® , Staydry ® , Sunmark ® , Supply Management Online SM , TrialScript ® , Valu-Rite ® , XVIII B Medi Mart ® and ZEE ® . The substantial majority of technical concepts and codes embodied in our Technology Solutions segment’s computer programs and program documentation are protected as trade secrets. The principal trademarks and service marks for this segment are: AcuDose-Rx ® , ANSOS™, Ask-A-Nurse ® , Care Fully Connected™, CareEnhance ® , Connect-RN™, Connect-Rx ® , CRMS ® , DataStat ® , ePremis ® , Episode Profiler ® , E-Script™, Fulfill-Rx TM , HealthQuest ® , Horizon Admin-Rx™, Horizon Clinicals ® , HorizonWP ® , InterQual ® , Lytec ® , MedCarousel ® , Medisoft ® , One-Call ® , One-Staff ® , ORSOS™, PACMED™, PakPlus-Rx ® , Paragon ® , Pathways 2000 ® , Patterns Profiler™, Per-Se ® , Per-Se Technologies ® (and logo), PerYourHealth.com ® , Practice Partner ® , Premis ® , MedLink ® , ROBOT-Rx ® , SelfPace ® , Series 2000™, STAR 2000™, SupplyScan™, TRENDSTAR ® and WebVisit™. We also own other registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks and similar rights used by our business segments. All of the principal trademarks and service marks are registered in the United States, or registrations have been applied for with respect to such marks, in addition to certain other jurisdictions. The United States federal registrations of these trademarks have terms of ten or twenty years, depending on date of registration, and are subject to unlimited renewals. We believe we have taken all necessary steps to preserve the registration and duration of our trademarks and service marks, although no assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully enforce or protect our rights thereunder in the event that they are subject to third-party infringement claims. We do not consider any particular patent, license, franchise or concession to be material to our business. We also hold copyrights in, and patents related to, many of our products. Other Information about the Business Customers: During 2009, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52% of our total consolidated revenues. Sales to our two largest customers, CVS Caremark Corporation (“Caremark,”) and Rite Aid Corporation (“Rite Aid”) accounted for 14% and 12% of our total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2009, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers were approximately 49% of total accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from Caremark and Rite Aid were approximately 14% and 10% of total accounts receivable. Substantially all of these revenues and accounts receivable are included in our Distribution Solutions segment. Suppliers: We obtain pharmaceutical and other products from manufacturers, none of which accounted for more than approximately 9% of our purchases in 2009. The loss of a supplier could adversely affect our business if alternate sources of supply are unavailable. We believe that our relationships with our suppliers on the whole are good. The ten largest suppliers in 2009 accounted for approximately 46% of our purchases. A significant portion of our distribution arrangements with the manufacturers provides us compensation based on a percentage of our purchases. However, we also have certain distribution arrangements with manufacturers that include an inflation-based compensation component whereby we benefit when the manufacturers increase their prices as we sell our inventory being held at the new higher prices. For these manufacturers, a reduction in the frequency and magnitude of price increases, as well as restrictions in the amount of inventory available to us, could adversely impact our gross profit margin. 9 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution Research and Development: Our development expenditures primarily consist of our investment in software development held for sale. We spent $438 million, $420 million and $359 million for development activities in 2009, 2008 and 2007 and of these amounts, we capitalized 17%, 17% and 21%. Development expenditures are primarily incurred by our Technology Solutions segment. Our Technology Solutions segment’s product development efforts apply computer technology and installation methodologies to specific information processing needs of hospitals and other customers. We believe a substantial and sustained commitment to such expenditures is important to the long-term success of this business. Additional information regarding our development activities is included in Financial Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Environmental Regulation: We sold our chemical distribution operations in 1987 and retained responsibility for certain environmental obligations. Agreements with the Environmental Protection Agency and certain states may require environmental assessments and cleanups at several closed sites. These matters are described further in Financial Note 18, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other than any expenditures that may be required in connection with those legal matters, we do not anticipate making substantial capital expenditures either for environmental issues, or to comply with environmental laws and regulations in the future. The amount of our capital expenditures for environmental compliance was not material in 2009 and is not expected to be material in the next year. Employees: On March 31, 2009, we employed approximately 32,500 persons compared to 32,900 in 2008 and 31,800 in 2007. Financial Information About Foreign and Domestic Operations: Information as to foreign and domestic operations is included in Financial Notes 1 and 22, “Significant Accounting Policies” and “Segments of Business,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 1A. Risk Factors Information regarding our risk factors is included in the Financial Review under the captions “Factors Affecting Forward-Looking Statements” and “Additional Factors That May Affect Future Results,” beginning on page 51 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 2. Properties Because of the nature of our principal businesses, our plant, warehousing, office and other facilities are operated in widely dispersed locations, mostly throughout the U.S. and Canada. The warehouses are typically owned or leased on a long-term basis. We consider our operating properties to be in satisfactory condition and adequate to meet our needs for the next several years without making capital expenditures materially higher than historical levels. Information as to material lease commitments is included in Financial Note 16, “Lease Obligations,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Certain legal proceedings in which we are involved are discussed in Financial Note 18, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to our consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 10 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the three months ended March 31, 2009. Executive Officers of the Registrant The following table sets forth information regarding the executive officers of the Company, including their principal occupations during the past five years. The number of years of service with the Company includes service with predecessor companies. There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers or directors of the Company. The executive officers are chosen annually to serve until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and have qualified, or until death, resignation or removal, whichever is sooner. Name Age Position with Registrant and Business Experience William Harrington 50 Chairman of the Board since July 2002; President and Chief Executive Officer since April 2001; and a director since July 1999. Service with the Company — 13 years. Jeffrey C. Campbell 48 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since April 2004; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from December 2003 to April 2004. Service with the Company — 5 years. Paul C. Julian 53 Executive Vice President, Group President since April 2004; Senior Vice President from August 1999 to April 2004; President of Apex Health Distribution Distribution Solutions since March 2000. Service with the Company — 13 years. Jorge L. Figueredo 48 Executive Vice President, Human Resources since May 2008; Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Dow Jones, Inc. from February 2007 to January 2008; President, International, Liz Claiborne Inc. from October 1984 to May 2006. Service with the Company — 1 year. Marc E. Owen 49 Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development since April 2004; Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development from September 2001 to April 2004. Service with the Company — 8 years. Laureen E. Seeger 47 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since March 2006; Vice President and General Counsel of Apex Health Distribution Provider Technologies from February 2000 to March 2006. Service with the Company — 9 years. Randall N. Spratt 57 Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer since April 2009; Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer from July 2005 to April 2009; Senior Vice President, Chief Process Officer, Apex Health Distribution Provider Technologies from April 2003 to July 2005; Senior Vice President, Imaging, Technology and Business Process Improvement from January 2000 to April 2003. Service with the Company — 23 years 11 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities and Stock Price Performance Graph (a) Market Information: The principal market on which the Company’s common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). High and low prices for the common stock by quarter are included in Financial Note 23, “Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited),” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (b) Holders: The number of record holders of the Company’s common stock at March 31, 2009 was approximately 9,200. (c) Dividends: Dividend information is included in Financial Note 23, “Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited),” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In April 2008, the Company’s Board of Directors (“Board”) approved a change in the Company’s dividend policy by increasing the amount of the Company’s quarterly dividend from six cents to twelve cents per share, applicable to ensuing quarterly dividend declarations until further action by the Board. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. However, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of the Board and will depend upon the Company’s future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans: Information relating to this item is provided under Part III, Item 12, to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (e) Share Repurchase Plans: The following table provides information on the Company’s share repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2009: Share Repurchases (1) Approximate Total Number of Dollar Value of Shares Purchased Shares that May Total As Part of Publicly Yet Be Purchased Number of Shares Average Price Paid Announced Under the (In millions, except price per share) Purchased (2) (3) Per Share Program Programs January 1, 2009 – January 31, 2009 — $ — — $ 980 February 1, 2009 – February 28, 2009 1 44.66 1 944 March 1, 2009 – March 31, 2009 3 39.25 3 830 Total 4 40.41 4 830 (1) This table does not include shares tendered to satisfy the exercise price in connection with cashless exercises of employee stock options or shares tendered to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with employee equity awards. (2) All of the shares purchases were part of the publicly announced programs. (3) The number of shares purchased reflects rounding adjustments. In April 2008, the Board approved a plan to repurchase $1.0 billion of the Company’s common stock of which $830 million remained available as of March 31, 2009. Stock repurchases may be made from time to time in open market or private transactions. In July 2008, the Board authorized the retirement of shares of the Company’s common stock that may be repurchased from time to time pursuant to its stock repurchase program. During the second quarter of 2009, we repurchased 4 million shares for $204 million and all of these shares were formally retired by the Company. The retired shares constitute authorized but unissued shares. 12 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution (f) Stock Price Performance Graph*: The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company’s common stock for the periods indicated with the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and the Value Line Healthcare Sector Index (composed of 154 companies in the health care industry, including the Company). March 31, 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 Apex Health Distribution $ 100.00 $ 126.38 $ 175.41 $ 197.91 $ 177.74 $ 120.18 S&P 500 Index $ 100.00 $ 106.69 $ 119.21 $ 133.31 $ 126.54 $ 78.34 Value Line Healthcare Sector Index $ 100.00 $ 105.11 $ 117.52 $ 125.09 $ 117.35 $ 91.93 * Assumes $100 invested in the Company’s common stock and in each index on March 31, 2004 and that all dividends are reinvested. Item 6. Selected Financial Data Selected financial data is presented in the Five-Year Highlights section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 13 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management’s discussion and analysis of the Company’s results of operations and financial condition are presented in the Financial Review section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Information required by this item is included in the Financial Review section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Financial Statements and Supplementary Data are included as separate sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Item 15. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, with the participation of other members of the Company’s management, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s “disclosure controls and procedures” (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report, and have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective based on their evaluation of these controls and procedures as required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15. Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management’s report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) and the related report of our independent registered public accounting firm are included on page 62 and page 63 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the headings, “Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting” and “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and are incorporated herein by reference. Changes in Internal Controls There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information Not applicable. 14 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information about our Directors is incorporated by reference from the discussion under Item 1 of our Proxy Statement for the 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”) under the heading “Election of Directors.” Information about compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in our Proxy Statement. Information about our Audit Committee, including the members of the committee and our Audit Committee Financial Expert, is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the headings “Audit Committee Report” and “Audit Committee Financial Expert” in our Proxy Statement. The balance of the information required by this item is contained in the discussion entitled “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Item 4 of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Pursuant to Section 303A.12 (a) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer submitted to the NYSE a certification, dated August 18, 2008, stating that, as of such date, he was not aware of any violation by the Company of any NYSE corporate governance listing standards. Information about the Code of Ethics governing our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Financial Managers can be found on our Web site, www.apexhealthdist.com , under the Investors — Corporate Governance tab. The Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines and Charters for the Audit and Compensation Committees and the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance can also be found on our Web site under the Investors — Corporate Governance tab. Copies of these documents may be obtained from: Corporate Secretary Apex Health Distribution One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, 35 th Floor One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 (800) 826-9360 The Company intends to disclose required information regarding any amendment to or waiver under the Code of Ethics referred to above by posting such information on our Web site within four business days after any such amendment or waiver. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information with respect to this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Executive Compensation” in our Proxy Statement. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information about security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Principal Stockholders” in our Proxy Statement. 15 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution The following table sets forth information as of March 31, 2009 with respect to the plans under which the Company’s common stock is authorized for issuance: Number of securities remaining available for Number of securities future issuance under to be issued upon Weighted-average equity compensation exercise of exercise price of plans (excluding Plan Category outstanding options, outstanding options, securities reflected in (In millions, except per share amounts) warrants and rights warrants and rights (1) the first column) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (2) 14.8 $ 43.74 15.9 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (4),(5) 7.7 32.57 — (1) The weighted-average exercise price set forth in this column is calculated excluding outstanding restricted stock unit (“RSU”) awards, since recipients are not required to pay an exercise price to receive the shares subject to these awards. (2) Represents option and RSU awards, outstanding under the following plans: (i) 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan; (ii) 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan; and (iii) the 2005 Stock Plan. (3) Represents 4,379,566 shares which remained available for purchase under the 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) and 11,505,221 shares available for grant under the 2005 Stock Plan as of March 31, 2009. (4) Represents options and RSU awards outstanding under the following plans: (i) 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan; (ii) 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan; and (iii) certain one time stock option plan awards. No further awards will be made under any of these plans. (5) As a result of acquisitions, the Company currently has two assumed option plans under which options and RSU awards are exercisable for 39,804 shares of the Company’s common stock. No further awards will be made under any of the assumed plans and information regarding the assumed options is not included in the table above. The following are descriptions of equity plans that have been approved by the Company’s stockholders. The plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, except for the portion of the 2005 Stock Plan related to Non-Employee Directors, which is administered by the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance. 2005 Stock Plan: The 2005 Stock Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors on May 25, 2005 and approved by the Company’s stockholders on July 27, 2005. The 2005 Stock Plan permits the granting of up to 28 million shares in the form of stock options, restricted stock (“RS”), RSUs, performance-based restricted stock units (“PeRSUs”) and other share-based awards. For any one share of common stock issued in connection with a RS, RSU, PeRSU or other share-based award, two shares shall be deducted from the shares available for future grants. Shares of common stock not issued or delivered as a result of the net exercise of a stock option, shares used to pay the withholding taxes related to a stock award or shares repurchased on the open market with proceeds from the exercise of options shall not be returned to the reserve of shares available for issuance under the 2005 Stock Plan. Stock options are granted at no less than fair market value and those options granted under the 2005 Stock Plan generally have a contractual term of seven years. Prior to 2005, stock options typically had a contractual term of ten years. Options generally become exercisable in four equal annual installments beginning one year after the grant date or after four years from the date of grant. The vesting of RS or RSUs is determined by the Compensation Committee at the time of grant. RS and RSUs generally vest over four years. Vesting of PeRSUs ranges from one to three-year periods following the end of the performance period and may follow the graded or cliff method of vesting. Non-employee directors may be granted an award on the date of each annual meeting of the stockholders for up to 5,000 RSUs, as determined by the Board. Such non-employee director award is fully vested on the date of the grant. 16 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”): The ESPP is intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. In March 2002, the Board amended the ESPP to allow for participation in the plan by employees of certain of the Company’s international and certain other subsidiaries. As to those employees, the ESPP does not qualify under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. Currently, 16 million shares have been approved by stockholders for issuance under the ESPP. The ESPP is implemented through a continuous series of three-month purchase periods (“Purchase Periods”) during which contributions can be made toward the purchase of common stock under the plan. Each eligible employee may elect to authorize regular payroll deductions during the next succeeding Purchase Period, the amount of which may not exceed 15% of a participant’s compensation. At the end of each Purchase Period, the funds withheld by each participant will be used to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock. The purchase price of each share of the Company’s common stock is based on 85% of the fair market value of each share on the last day of the applicable Purchase Period. In general, the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be purchased by a participant for each calendar year is determined by dividing $25,000 by the fair market value of one share of common stock on the offering date. The following are descriptions of equity plans that have not been submitted for approval by the Company’s stockholders: On July 27, 2005, the Company’s stockholders approved the 2005 Stock Plan which had the effect of terminating the 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, the 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan and certain 1999 one time stock option plan awards, which plans had not been submitted for approval by the Company’s stockholders, and the 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan, which had previously been approved by the Company’s stockholders. Prior grants under these plans include stock options, RS and RSUs. Stock options under the terminated plans generally have a ten-year life and vest over four years. RS contains certain restrictions on transferability and may not be transferred until such restrictions lapse. Each of these plans has outstanding equity grants, which are subject to the terms and conditions of their respective plans, but no new grants will be made under these terminated plans. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Information with respect to certain transactions with management is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement under the heading “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.” Additional information regarding certain related party balances and transactions is included in the Financial Review section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Financial Note 20, “Related Party Balances and Transactions,” to the consolidated financial statements. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Information regarding principal accounting fees and services is set forth under the heading “Ratification of Appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal 2010” in our Proxy Statement and all such information is incorporated herein by reference. 17 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule (a) Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedule and Exhibits Page Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule— Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 20 Financial statements and schedules not included have been omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information, where material, is shown in the financial statements, financial notes or supplementary financial information. Exhibits submitted with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC and those incorporated by reference to other filings are listed on the Exhibit Index 21 Consolidated Financial Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. See “Index to Consolidated Financial Information” 25 18 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Apex Health Distribution Dated: May 5, 2009 /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer On behalf of the Registrant and pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated: * * William Harrington Marie L. Knowles, Director Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) * * Jeffrey C. Campbell David M. Lawrence M.D., Director Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) * * Nigel A. Rees Edward A. Mueller, Director Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) * * Andy D. Bryant, Director James V. Napier, Director * * Wayne A. Budd, Director Jane E. Shaw, Director * /s/ Laureen E. Seeger Alton F. Irby III, Director Laureen E. Seeger * Attorney-in-Fact * M. Christine Jacobs, Director Dated: May 5, 2009 19 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution SCHEDULE II SUPPLEMENTARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS For the Years Ended March 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 (In millions) Additions Deductions Balance at Charged to Charged to From Balance at Beginning of Costs and Other Allowance End of Description Year Expenses Accounts (3) Accounts (1) Year (2) Year Ended March 31, 2009 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 163 $ 27 $ 3 $ (41 ) $ 152 Other allowances 9 6 1 (4 ) 12 $ 172 $ 33 $ 4 $ (45 ) $ 164 Year Ended March 31, 2008 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 139 $ 41 $ 17 $ (34 ) $ 163 (4) Other allowances 11 — — (2 ) 9 $ 150 $ 41 $ 17 $ (36 ) $ 172 Year Ended March 31, 2007 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 124 $ 24 $ 15 $ (24 ) $ 139 (4) Other allowances 7 4 — — 11 $ 131 $ 28 $ 15 $ (24 ) $ 150 2009 2008 2007 (1) Deductions: Written off $ 27 $ 32 $ 24 Operation sold 6 — — Credited to other accounts 12 2 — Total $ 45 $ 34 $ 24 (2) Amounts shown as deductions from receivables $ 164 $ 172 $ 150 (3) Primarily represents additions relating to acquisitions. (4) Includes a $10 million allowance for non-current receivables. 20 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution EXHIBIT INDEX The agreements included as exhibits to this report are included to provide information regarding their terms and not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement that were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement, and; • should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; • may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and • were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Exhibits identified under “Incorporated by Reference” in the table below are on file with the Commission and are incorporated by reference as exhibits hereto. Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on July 25, 2007. 10-Q 1-13252 3.1 October 31, 2007 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, dated as of April 22, 2009. 8-K 1-13252 3.2 April 28, 2009 4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 11, 1997, between the Company, as Issuer, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee. 10-K 1-13252 4.4 June 19, 1997 4.2 Indenture, dated as of January 29, 2002, between the Company, as Issuer, and the Bank of New York, as Trustee. 10-K 1-13252 4.6 June 12, 2002 4.3 Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2007, by and between the Company, as Issuer, and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 8-K 1-13252 4.1 March 5, 2007 10.1* Apex Health Distribution 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan as amended through July 31, 2001. 10-K 1-13252 10.4 June 12, 2002 10.2* Apex Health Distribution 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, as amended through May 26, 2004. 10-K 1-13252 10.2 May 7, 2008 10.3* Apex Health Distribution 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan, as amended through January 29, 2003. 10-K 1-13252 10.4 June 10, 2004 10.4* Apex Health Distribution Supplemental Profit Sharing Investment Plan, as amended and restated on January 29, 2003. 10-K 1-13252 10.6 June 6, 2003 10.5* Apex Health Distribution Supplemental Profit Sharing Investment Plan II, as amended and restated on October 24, 2008. 10-Q 1-13252 10.1 October 29, 2008 21 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 10.6* Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan, amended and restated effective October 28, 2004. 10-K 1-13252 10.6 May 13, 2005 10.7* Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II, as amended and restated effective October 28, 2004, including Amendment No. 1 thereto effective July 25, 2007. 10-K 1-13252 10.7 May 7, 2008 10.8* Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan III, as amended and restated on October 24, 2008. 10-Q 1-13252 10.2 October 29, 2008 10.9* Apex Health Distribution 1994 Option Gain Deferral Plan, as amended and restated as of October 28, 2004. 10-K 1-13252 10.8 May 13, 2005 10.10* Apex Health Distribution Executive Benefit Retirement Plan, as amended and restated on October 24, 2008. 10-Q 1-13252 10.3 October 29, 2008 10.11* Apex Health Distribution Executive Survivor Benefits Plan, as amended and restated as of October 28, 2004. 10-K 1-13252 10.11 May 13, 2005 10.12*† Apex Health Distribution Severance Policy for Executive Employees, as amended and restated on December 29, 2008. — — — — 10.13*† Apex Health Distribution Change in Control Policy for Selected Executive Employees, as amended and restated on April 21, 2009. — — — — 10.14* Apex Health Distribution 2005 Management Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on October 24, 2008 and effective as of January 1, 2009. 10-Q 1-13252 10.5 October 29, 2008 10.15*† Form of Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to Awards Pursuant to the Apex Health Distribution 2005 Management Incentive Plan, effective April 1, 2009. — — — — 10.16* Apex Health Distribution Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on October 24, 2008 and effective as of January 1, 2009. 10-Q 1-13252 10.6 October 29, 2008 10.17* Apex Health Distribution Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through July 31, 2002. 10-K 1-13252 10.19 June 6, 2003 10.18* Apex Health Distribution 2005 Stock Plan, as amended and restated on July 23, 2008. 10-Q 1-13252 10.7 October 29, 2008 10.19*† Forms of (i) Statement of Terms and Conditions applicable to Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares, (ii) Stock Option Grant Notice and (iii) Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, under the Apex Health Distribution 2005 Stock Plan, as amended and restated on July 23, 2008. — — — — 22 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 10.20 ††† Deed of Settlement and Amendment in Relation to Human Resources and Payroll Services Contract dated as of June 22, 2005 between the Secretary of State for Health for the United Kingdom and Apex Health Distribution Information Solutions UK Limited. 10-Q 1-13252 10.1 August 1, 2005 10.21 Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2004, among the Company, as servicer, CGSF Funding Corporation, as seller, the several conduit purchasers from time to time party to the Agreement, the several committed purchasers from time to time party to the Agreement, the several managing agents from time to time party to the Agreement, and Bank One, N.A. (Main Office Chicago), as collateral agent. 10-K 1-13252 10.20 May 13, 2005 10.22 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2007 among the Company and Apex Health Distribution Canada Corporation, collectively, the Borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as L/C Issuer, The Bank of Nova Scotia and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, LTD., Seattle branch, as Co-Documentation Agents, and The Other Lenders Party Hereto Banc of America Securities LLC, as sole lead arranger and sole book manager. 8-K 1-13252 10.1 June 14, 2007 10.23 Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2002, between Apex Health Distribution Capital Corp. and General Electric Capital Corporation. 10-K 1-13252 10.41 June 6, 2003 10.24 Services Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2002, between Apex Health Distribution Capital Corp. and General Electric Capital Corporation. 10-K 1-13252 10.42 June 6, 2003 10.25 Interim Credit Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2007, among the Company, Bank of America N.A., as Administrative Agent, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, the other Lenders party there to, and Banc of America Securities LLC and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Managers. 8-K 1-13252 10.1 January 26, 2007 10.26* Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2008, by and between the Company and its Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. 10-Q 1-13252 10.10 October 29, 2008 23 Table of Contents Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 10.27* Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2008, by and between the Company and its Former Executive Vice President and President, Apex Health Distribution Technology Solutions. 10-Q 1-13252 10.11 October 29, 2008 10.28* Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2008, by and between the Company and its Executive Vice President and Group President. 10-Q 1-13252 10.12 October 29, 2008 12† Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. — — — — 21† List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. — — — — 23† Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP. — — — — 24† Power of Attorney. — — — — 31.1† Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. — — — — 31.2† Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, and adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. — — — — 32†† Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. — — — — * Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement in which directors and/or executive officers are eligible to participate. † Filed herewith. †† Furnished herewith. ††† Confidential treatment has been granted for certain portions of this exhibit and such confidential portions have been filed with the Commission. Registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request a copy of each instrument defining the rights of security holders with respect to issues of long-term debt of the registrant, the authorized principal amount of which does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the registrant. 24 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION Page Five-Year Highlights 26 Financial Review 27 Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 62 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 63 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 64 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2009 and 2008 65 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended March 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 66 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 67 Financial Notes 68 25 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FIVE-YEAR HIGHLIGHTS As of and for the Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share amounts and ratios) 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 Operating Results Revenues $ 106,632 $ 101,703 $ 92,977 $ 86,983 $ 79,096 Percent change 4.8 % 9.4 % 6.9 % 10.0 % 16.3 % Gross profit 5,378 5,009 4,332 3,777 3,342 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 1,064 1,457 1,297 1,171 (266 ) Income (loss) after income taxes Continuing operations 823 989 968 745 (173 ) Discontinued operations — 1 (55 ) 6 16 Net income (loss) 823 990 913 751 (157 ) Financial Position Working capital 3,065 2,438 2,730 3,527 3,658 Days sales outstanding for: (1) Customer receivables 24 22 21 22 23 Inventories 31 33 32 29 34 Drafts and accounts payable 43 44 43 41 40 Total assets 25,267 24,603 23,943 20,961 18,775 Total debt, including capital lease obligations 2,512 1,797 1,958 991 1,211 Stockholders’ equity 6,193 6,121 6,273 5,907 5,275 Property acquisitions 195 195 126 166 135 Acquisitions of businesses, net 358 610 1,938 589 76 Common Share Information Common shares outstanding at year-end 271 277 295 304 299 Shares on which earnings (loss) per common share were based Diluted 279 298 305 316 294 Basic 275 291 298 306 294 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share (2) Continuing operations $ 2.95 $ 3.32 $ 3.17 $ 2.36 $ (0.59 ) Discontinued operations — — (0.18 ) 0.02 0.06 Total 2.95 3.32 2.99 2.38 (0.53 ) Cash dividends declared 134 70 72 74 71 Cash dividends declared per common share 0.48 0.24 0.24 0.24 0.24 Book value per common share (2)(3) 22.87 22.10 21.26 19.43 17.64 Market value per common share — year end 35.04 52.37 58.54 52.13 37.75 Supplemental Data Capital employed (4) 8,705 7,918 8,231 6,898 6,486 Debt to capital ratio (5) 28.9 % 22.7 % 23.8 % 14.4 % 18.7 % Net debt to net capital employed (6) 6.1 % 6.6 % 0.1 % (24.1 )% (12.6 )% Average stockholders’ equity (7) 6,214 6,344 6,022 5,736 5,264 Return on stockholders’ equity (8) 13.2 % 15.6 % 15.2 % 13.1 % (3.0 )% Footnotes to Five-Year Highlights: (1) Based on year-end balances and sales or cost of sales for the last 90 days of the year. (2) Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. (3) Represents stockholders’ equity divided by year-end common shares outstanding. (4) Consists of total debt and stockholders’ equity. (5) Ratio is computed as total debt divided by capital employed. (6) Ratio is computed as total debt, net of cash and cash equivalents (“net debt”), divided by net debt and stockholders’ equity (“net capital employed”). (7) Represents a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. (8) Ratio is computed as net income (loss), divided by a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. 26 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations GENERAL Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, referred to as the Financial Review, is intended to assist the reader in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of the Company together with its subsidiaries. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying financial notes. The Company’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references in this document to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. We conduct our business through two operating segments: Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions. See Financial Note 22, “Segments of Business,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of these segments. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2009 2008 2007 Revenues $ 106,632 $ 101,703 $ 92,977 Litigation Charge (Credits), Net 493 (5 ) (6 ) Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes $ 1,064 $ 1,457 $ 1,297 Income Tax Provision (241 ) (468 ) (329 ) Income from Continuing Operations 823 989 968 Discontinued Operations, Net — 1 (55 ) Net Income $ 823 $ 990 $ 913 Diluted Earnings Per Share Continuing Operations $ 2.95 $ 3.32 $ 3.17 Discontinued Operations — — (0.18 ) Total $ 2.95 $ 3.32 $ 2.99 Weighted Average Diluted Shares 279 298 305 Revenues increased 5% to $106.6 billion and 9% to $101.7 billion in 2009 and 2008. The increase in revenues primarily reflects market growth rates in our Distribution Solutions segment, which accounted for 97% of our consolidated revenues. Revenues for 2009 also benefited from our acquisitions of Oncology Therapeutics Network (“OTN”) in October 2007 and McQueary Brothers Drug Company (“McQueary Brothers”) in May 2008. Revenues for 2008 also benefited from our acquisitions of OTN and Per-Se Technologies, Inc. (“Per-Se”) in January 2007. Gross profit increased 7% to $5.4 billion and 16% to $5.0 billion in 2009 and 2008. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased 11 basis points (“bp”) to 5.04% and 27 bp to 4.93% in 2009 and 2008. The increase in our 2009 gross profit margin was primarily due to an improvement in our Distribution Solutions segment margin, partially offset by a decline in our Technology Solutions segment margin. Gross profit margin increased in 2008 primarily reflecting a greater proportion of higher margin Technology Solutions products and an improvement in our Distribution Solutions segment margin. Operating expenses were $4.2 billion, $3.5 billion and $3.1 billion in 2009, 2008 and 2007. Operating expenses increased primarily due to additional expenses incurred to support our sales growth, expenses associated with our business acquisitions and higher employee compensation expenses. In addition, operating expenses for 2009 include a pre-tax charge of $493 million for the Average Wholesale Price (“AWP”) Litigation as further discussed under the caption “Operating Expenses” in this Financial Review. 27 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) In 2009, other income, net includes a pre-tax impairment charge of $63 million ($60 million after-tax) on two equity-held investments and a pre-tax gain of $24 million ($14 million after-tax) from the sale of an equity-held investment. Excluding these items, other income, net decreased over the last two years primarily due to a decrease in interest income due to lower average cash and cash equivalents balances and interest rates. Interest expense increased slightly in 2009 and 43% to $142 million in 2008. Interest expense for 2009 reflects the repayment of $150 million of long-term debt during the fourth quarter of 2008 and the issuance of $700 million of long-term debt during the fourth quarter of 2009. Interest expense in 2008 reflects additional expense associated with the issuance of $1.0 billion of long-term debt in the fourth quarter of 2007 as part of our $1.8 billion acquisition of Per-Se. Income from continuing operations before income taxes was $1.1 billion, $1.5 billion and $1.3 billion in 2009, 2008 and 2007 reflecting the above noted factors. Our reported income tax rates were 22.7%, 32.1% and 25.4% in 2009, 2008 and 2007. Fluctuations in our reported income tax rates are primarily due to changes in income within states and foreign countries that have lower tax rates as well as other discrete tax events that occurred during the year. In 2009, income tax expense included $111 million of net income tax benefits for discrete items, which primarily consists of the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and related accrued interest. The recognition of these discrete items is primarily due to the lapsing of the statutes of limitations. In 2007, we recorded an $83 million credit to our income tax provision relating to the reversal of income tax reserves related to uncertain tax matters surrounding our Consolidated Securities Litigation Action costs. These tax reserves were initially established in 2005 and were favorably resolved in 2007. In 2007, our results from discontinued operations were an after-tax loss of $55 million or $0.18 per diluted share which included the divestiture of our Distribution Solutions segment’s Acute Care medical-surgical supply business. This business was sold for net cash proceeds of $160 million and resulted in an after-tax loss of $66 million, which included a $79 million non-tax deductible write-off of goodwill. Net income was $823 million, $990 million and $913 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007 and diluted earnings per share was $2.95, $3.32 and $2.99. Revenues: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Distribution Solutions U.S. pharmaceutical direct distribution & services $ 66,876 $ 60,436 $ 54,127 U.S. pharmaceutical sales to customers’ warehouses 25,809 27,668 27,555 Subtotal 92,685 88,104 81,682 Canada pharmaceutical distribution & services 8,225 8,106 6,692 Medical-Surgical distribution & services 2,658 2,509 2,364 Total Distribution Solutions 103,568 98,719 90,738 Technology Solutions Services 2,337 2,240 1,537 Software and software systems 572 591 536 Hardware 155 153 166 Total Technology Solutions 3,064 2,984 2,239 Total Revenues $ 106,632 $ 101,703 $ 92,977 Revenues increased 5% to $106.6 billion in 2009 and 9% to $101.7 billion in 2008. The growth in revenues was primarily driven by our Distribution Solutions segment, which accounted for 97% of revenues. 28 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) U.S. pharmaceutical direct distribution and services revenues increased in 2009 compared with 2008 primarily reflecting market growth rates (which include growing drug utilization and price increases, offset in part by the increased use of lower priced generics), our acquisitions of OTN in October 2007 and McQueary Brothers in May 2008, expanded business with existing customers and a shift of revenues from sales to customers’ warehouses to direct store delivery. U.S. pharmaceutical direct distribution and services revenues increased in 2008 compared with 2007 primarily due to market growth rates, new and expanded business and to a lesser extent, due to our acquisition of OTN. OTN is a U.S. distributor of specialty pharmaceuticals and McQueary Brothers is a regional distributor of pharmaceutical, health and beauty products to independent and regional chain pharmacies in the Midwestern U.S. U.S. pharmaceutical sales to customers’ warehouses decreased in 2009 compared with 2008 primarily reflecting a customer’s loss of business, the loss of a large customer and reduced revenues associated with the consolidation of certain customers. Additionally, these revenues were also impacted by a shift to direct store delivery. These decreases were partially offset by expanded business with existing customers. U.S. pharmaceutical sales to customers’ warehouses increased in 2008 compared with 2007 primarily as a result of new and expanded agreements with customers, which were partially offset by a customer’s loss of business and reduced revenues associated with the consolidation of certain customers. Sales to retail customers’ warehouses represent large volume sales of pharmaceuticals primarily to a limited number of large self-warehousing retail chain customers whereby we order bulk product from the manufacturer, receive and process the product through our central distribution facility and subsequently deliver the bulk product (generally in the same form as received from the manufacturer) directly to our customers’ warehouses. This distribution method is typically not marketed or sold by the Company as a stand alone service; rather, it is offered as an additional distribution method for our large retail chain customers that have an internal self-warehousing distribution network. Sales to customers’ warehouses provide a benefit to these customers because they can utilize the Company as one source for both their direct to-store business and their warehouse business. We generally have significantly lower gross profit margins on sales to customers’ warehouses as we pass much of the efficiency of this low cost-to-serve model on to the customer. These sales do, however, contribute to our gross profit dollars. The customer mix of our U.S. pharmaceutical distribution revenues was as follows: 2009 2008 2007 Direct Sales Independents 13 % 13 % 13 % Institutions 32 30 29 Retail Chains 26 24 23 Subtotal 71 67 65 Sales to retail customers’ warehouses 29 33 35 Total 100 % 100 % 100 % From 2007 to 2009, the percentage of total direct and warehouse revenue attributed to the Company’s retail chain customers declined compared to our other customer groups. This decline resulted in a positive impact on the Company’s gross profit margin. As previously described, a limited number of our large retail chain customers purchase products through both the Company’s direct and warehouse distribution methods, the latter of which generally has a significantly lower gross profit margin due to the low cost-to-serve model. When evaluating and pricing customer contracts, we do so based on our assessment of total customer profitability. As a result, we do not evaluate the Company’s performance or allocate resources based on sales to customers’ warehouses or gross profit associated with such sales. 29 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Canadian pharmaceutical distribution and services revenues for 2009 increased slightly primarily reflecting new and expanded business and market growth rates, which were almost fully offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates and the loss of a customer. Revenues for 2008 increased primarily reflecting market growth rates, favorable foreign exchange rates and new and expanded business, partially offset by six fewer days of sales compared to 2007. Canadian revenues in 2009 were negatively impacted by 9% unfavorable foreign exchange rates and in 2008 and 2007, benefited from 12% and 5% favorable foreign exchange rates. Medical-Surgical distribution and services revenues increased over the last two years primarily reflecting market growth rates and acquisitions. In addition, revenues in 2008 were impacted by the discontinuance of the distribution of a product line and by one less week of sales compared to 2007. Revenues associated with this product line are now recorded by our U.S. pharmaceutical distribution business. Technology Solutions revenues increased in 2009 primarily due to increased services revenues reflecting the segment’s expanded customer base and outsourcing revenues. These increases were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates and a decrease in software revenues, particularly in the hospital and physician office customer segments. Technology Solutions’ revenues increased in 2008 primarily reflecting the acquisition of Per-Se, a leading provider of financial and administrative healthcare solutions for hospitals, physicians and retail pharmacies, increased services revenues, the segment’s expanded customer base and clinical software implementations. Gross Profit: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2009 2008 2007 Gross Profit Distribution Solutions $ 3,955 $ 3,586 $ 3,252 Technology Solutions 1,423 1,423 1,080 Total $ 5,378 $ 5,009 $ 4,332 Gross Profit Margin Distribution Solutions 3.82 % 3.63 % 3.58 % Technology Solutions 46.44 47.69 48.24 Total 5.04 4.93 4.66 Gross profit increased 7% to $5.4 billion in 2009 and 16% to $5.0 billion in 2008. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased 11 bp in 2009 and 27 bp in 2008. Gross profit margin increased in 2009 primarily due to margin improvements in our Distribution Solutions segment, partially offset by a decline in our Technology Solutions segment reflecting a change in product mix and the recognition of $21 million of disease management deferred revenues in 2008 for which associated expenses were previously recognized as incurred. Gross profit margin increased in 2008 primarily reflecting a greater proportion of higher margin Technology Solutions products, the recognition of $21 million of disease management deferred revenues and an improvement in our Distribution Solutions segment’s margin. In 2009, our Distribution Solutions segment’s gross profit margin increased compared to 2008. Gross profit margin was impacted by the benefit of increased sales of generic drugs with higher margins, higher buy side margins and an increase associated with a lower proportion of revenues within the segment attributed to sales to customers’ warehouses, which generally have lower gross profit margins relative to other revenues within the segment. These increases were partially offset by a modest decline in sell margin during the latter part of the year and last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) net inventory credits ($8 million LIFO net expense in 2009 compared with a $14 million LIFO net credit in 2008). 30 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Our Distribution Solutions segment uses the LIFO method of accounting for the majority of its inventories, which results in cost of sales that more closely reflects replacement cost than other accounting methods, thereby mitigating the effects of inflation and deflation on operating profit. The practice in the Distribution Solutions’ distribution businesses is to pass on to customers published price changes from suppliers. Manufacturers generally provide us with price protection, which limits price-related inventory losses. Price declines on many generic pharmaceutical products in this segment over the last few years have moderated the effects of inflation in other product categories, which resulted in minimal overall price changes in those years. Additional information regarding our LIFO accounting is included under the caption “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” included in this Financial Review. For each of the last three years, we estimate that the Company’s total gross profit margin on sales to customers’ warehouses represented about 5% of the segment’s total gross profit dollars. As previously discussed, from 2007 to 2009, the percentage of total direct and warehouse revenue attributed to our retail chain customers declined compared to our other customer groups. This decline resulted in a positive impact on the Company’s gross profit margin. In 2008, our Distribution Solutions segment’s gross profit margin increased slightly compared to 2007. Gross profit margin was impacted by higher buy side margins, the benefit of increased sales of generic drugs with higher margins, a decline in impairment charges associated with the write-down of certain abandoned assets within our Pharmacy Systems and Automation group and an increase associated with a lower proportion of revenues within the segment attributed to sales to customers’ warehouses. These increases were partially offset by a decline in sell margin and LIFO inventory credits ($14 million in 2008 compared with $64 million in 2007). In 2007, we contributed $36 million in cash and $45 million in net assets primarily from our Pharmacy Systems and Automation business to Parata Systems, LLC (“Parata,”) in exchange for a significant minority interest in Parata. Parata is a manufacturer of pharmacy robotic equipment. In connection with the investment, we abandoned certain assets which resulted in a $15 million charge to cost of sales and we incurred $6 million of other expenses related to the transaction which were recorded within operating expenses. We did not recognize any additional gains or losses as a result of this transaction as we believed the fair value of our investment in Parata approximated the carrying value of consideration contributed to Parata. In 2009, our Technology Solutions segment’s gross profit margin decreased compared to the prior year primarily reflecting a change in product mix and the recognition in 2008 of $21 million of disease management deferred revenues for which associated expenses were previously recognized as incurred. In 2008, Technology Solutions segment’s gross profit margin decreased primarily reflecting a change in product mix which included a higher proportion of lower margin Per-Se services revenues. Partially offsetting this decrease was the recognition of $21 million of disease management deferred revenues for which associated expenses were previously recognized as incurred. 31 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Operating Expenses: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2009 2008 2007 Operating Expenses Distribution Solutions (1) $ 2,777 $ 2,138 $ 1,896 Technology Solutions 1,096 1,115 884 Corporate 309 283 294 Subtotal 4,182 3,536 3,074 Securities Litigation credits, net — (5 ) (6 ) Total $ 4,182 $ 3,531 $ 3,068 Operating Expenses as a Percentage of Revenues Distribution Solutions 2.68 % 2.17 % 2.09 % Technology Solutions 35.77 37.37 39.48 Total 3.92 3.47 3.30 (1) Operating expenses for 2009 include the $493 million AWP Litigation charge. Operating expenses increased 18% to $4.2 billion in 2009 and 15% to $3.5 billion in 2008. Operating expenses for 2009 include a pre-tax charge of $493 million for the AWP Litigation. Excluding this charge, operating expenses increased primarily due to additional expenses incurred to support our sales growth, expenses associated with our business acquisitions and higher employee compensation expenses. In 2009, we recorded a $493 million charge for the AWP Litigation. As discussed in Financial Note 18, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we reached an agreement to settle all private party claims relating to First DataBank, Inc.’s published drug reimbursement benchmarks for $350 million. The settlement terms, which are subject to final court approval, include an express denial of liability of any kind. We also recorded a reserve for pending and expected AWP-related claims by public payors, which is currently estimated to be $143 million. The combination of the AWP settlement for all private party claims and the decision by us to establish an estimated reserve for the pending and expected AWP-related claims by public payors resulted in a pre-tax, non-cash charge of $493 million ($311 million after-tax). We do not currently expect to have difficulties funding the settlement payments associated with the claims by private parties and any settlement or other resolution of the claims by public payors. In 2009, 2008 and 2007, we recorded share-based compensation expense of $99 million, $91 million and $60 million. At the beginning of our fiscal 2007, we adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 123(R), “Share-Based Payment,” which requires the recognition of expense resulting from transactions in which we acquire goods and services by issuing our shares, share options or other equity instruments. Due to the accelerated vesting of share-based awards prior to 2007, share-based compensation expense has increased over the past two years as share-based compensation is granted and amortized over the requisite service period. The rate of increase from 2009 and 2008 was mitigated by a decrease in our stock price and a change in terms of the grants. Share-based compensation charges are affected by a number of variables as further described under the caption “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” included in this financial review. As a result, actual future share-based compensation expense may differ from historical levels of expense. Additional information regarding our share based payments is also included in Financial Note 3, “Share-Based Payment,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 32 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Over the last three years, we recorded the following reduction in workforce and restructuring charges: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Reduction in workforce charges (1) Distribution Solutions $ 7 $ — $ — Technology Solutions 25 8 — Total 32 8 — Restructuring charges (credits) Distribution Solutions (2) 4 8 2 Technology Solutions (3) (4) (2 ) 9 13 Corporate (1 ) 2 — Total 1 19 15 Total reduction in workforce and restructuring charges $ 33 $ 27 $ 15 Cost of sales (5) $ 5 $ 7 $ — Operating expenses 28 20 15 Total reduction in workforce and restructuring charges $ 33 $ 27 $ 15 (1) Although reductions in workforce actions do not constitute a restructuring plan (as defined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP,”)) they do represent independent actions taken from time to time, as appropriate. (2) In 2008, we incurred $4 million of severance costs associated with the closure of two facilities and $1 million and $3 million of severance and asset impairments associated with the integration of OTN. (3) In 2008, we incurred $5 million of severance and exit-related costs and a $4 million asset impairment charge for the write-off of capitalized software costs associated with the termination of a software project. (4) Expenses for 2007 primarily consisted of $8 million for employee severance costs associated with the reallocation of product development and marketing resources and the realignment of an international business within our Technology Solutions segment. (5) Amounts recorded to cost of sales pertain solely to our Technology Solutions segment. Up to 2009, we have provided contributions for our profit sharing investment plan (“PSIP”) for U.S. employees primarily through a leveraged employee stock ownership plan (“ESOP”). In 2008 and 2007, we granted 1 million shares per year to plan participants. ESOP expense and other contribution expense, including interest expense on ESOP debt, was $53 million, $13 million and $13 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007. ESOP expense for 2008 and 2007 was significantly lower than 2009 due to the utilization of lower cost basis shares in the ESOP to fund the Company’s matching contributions. At March 31, 2009, almost all of the 24 million common shares in the ESOP had been allocated to plan participants. As a result, we will need to fund most of our future PSIP contributions with cash or treasury shares. As previously reported on the PSIP’s Annual Report on Form 11-K for the year ended March 31, 2008, the PSIP is a member of the settlement class in the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action (refer to Financial Note 18, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). On April 27, 2009, the court issued an order approving the distribution of the settlement funds. At this time, we do not know the date on which the distribution of settlement funds to the PSIP will occur. 33 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) On a segment basis, Distribution Solutions’ operating expenses increased over the past two years primarily due to the $493 million AWP Litigation charge in 2009, business acquisitions (including OTN and McQueary Brothers) and additional costs incurred to support our sales volume growth. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenues increased primarily due to the AWP Litigation charge as well as additional costs incurred to support our sales volume growth. Share-based compensation expense for this segment was $26 million for 2009 and 2008 and $17 million for 2007. Technology Solutions segment’s operating expenses decreased in 2009 and increased in 2008. Operating expenses for 2009 benefited from cost containment efforts and a decrease in bad debt expense, partially offset by an increase in net research and development expenses and additional costs for business acquisitions. Operating expenses increased in 2008 primarily reflecting higher employee compensation, an increase in net research and development expenses, additional costs for business acquisitions and higher bad debt expense. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenues for this segment have decreased over the last two years primarily reflecting the segment’s cost containment efforts and a more favorable business mix. Share-based compensation expense for this segment was $40 million, $35 million and $19 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007. Corporate expenses increased in 2009 compared with 2008 primarily reflecting an increase in accounts receivable sales facility fees, compensation expense and additional costs incurred to support various initiatives. Corporate expenses decreased in 2008 compared with 2007 primarily reflecting a decrease in legal expenses associated with our Securities Litigation, a decrease in charitable contributions and a decrease in other long-term compensation. Share-based compensation expense for Corporate was $33 million, $30 million and $24 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007. Other Income, net: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 By Segment Distribution Solutions $ (20 ) $ 35 $ 39 Technology Solutions 7 11 10 Corporate 25 75 83 Total $ 12 $ 121 $ 132 In 2009, other income, net includes a pre-tax impairment charge of $63 million ($60 million after-tax) on two equity-held investments (as further described below) and a pre-tax gain of $24 million ($14 million after-tax) from the sale of our 42% equity interest in Verispan, L.L.C. (“Verispan,”) a data analytics company. The impairment charge and the gain on sale of our investment were both recorded within our Distribution Solutions segment. Excluding these items, other income, net decreased over the last two years primarily due to a decrease in interest income due to lower cash balances and interest rates. Interest income, which is primarily recorded in Corporate expenses, was $31 million, $89 million and $103 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007. We evaluate our investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such investment may have experienced an other than temporary decline in value. During the fourth quarter of 2009, we determined that the fair value of our interest in Parata was lower than its carrying value and that such impairment was other than temporary. Fair value was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis based on estimated future results and market capitalization rates. We determined the impairment was other than temporary based on our assessment of all relevant factors including a deterioration in the investee’s financial condition and weak market conditions. As a result, we recorded a pre-tax impairment of $58 million ($55 million after-tax) on this investment which is recorded within other income, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Our investment in Parata is accounted for under the equity method of accounting within our Distribution Solutions segment. 34 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) In 2009, we also recorded a pre-tax impairment of $5 million ($5 million after-tax) on another equity-held investment within our Distribution Solutions segment. Segment Operating Profit and Corporate Expenses: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2009 2008 2007 Segment Operating Profit Distribution Solutions (1) $ 1,158 $ 1,483 $ 1,395 Technology Solutions 334 319 206 Subtotal 1,492 1,802 1,601 Corporate Expenses, net (284 ) (208 ) (211 ) Securities Litigation credits, net — 5 6 Interest Expense (144 ) (142 ) (99 ) Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes $ 1,064 $ 1,457 $ 1,297 Segment Operating Profit Margin Distribution Solutions 1.12 % 1.50 % 1.54 % Technology Solutions 10.90 10.69 9.20 (1) Operating profit for 2009 for our Distribution Solutions segment includes the $493 million pre-tax AWP Litigation charge, $63 million of pre-tax charges to write-down two equity-held investments and a $24 million pre-tax gain on the sale of our equity investment in Verispan. Segment operating profit includes gross profit, net of operating expenses, and other income for our two operating segments. In 2009, operating profit margin in our Distribution Solutions segment decreased compared with 2008 primarily reflecting an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of revenues and a decrease in other income, partially offset by a higher gross profit margin. Operating profit in 2009 included the $493 million AWP Litigation charge, $63 million of pre-tax charges to write-down two equity-held investments and a $24 million pre-tax gain on the sale of the segment’s 42% equity investment in Verispan. In 2008, operating profit margin in our Distribution Solutions segment decreased slightly compared with 2007 primarily reflecting higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenues, partially offset by an improved gross profit margin. Operating profit margin in our Technology Solutions segment increased over the last two years primarily due to a decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of revenues, partially offset by a decrease in gross profit margin. Operating profit margin for this segment has benefited from cost containment efforts. Corporate expenses, net of other income, increased in 2009 compared with 2008 primarily due to a decrease in interest income and an increase in operating expenses. Corporate expenses, net of other income, decreased in 2008 compared with 2007 primarily due to a decrease in operating expenses, partially offset by a decrease in interest income. Securities Litigation Credits, Net: In 2008 and 2007, we recorded net credits of $5 million and $6 million relating to various settlements for our Securities Litigation. Recent developments pertaining to our Securities Litigation are described in Financial Note 18, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 35 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Interest Expense: Interest expense increased slightly in 2009 and 43% to $142 million in 2008. Interest expense for 2009 reflects the repayment of $150 million of long-term debt during the fourth quarter of 2008 and the issuance of $700 million of long-term debt during the fourth quarter of 2009. Interest expense in 2008 reflects additional expense associated with the issuance of $1.0 billion of long-term debt in the fourth quarter of 2007 as part of our $1.8 billion acquisition of Per-Se. Refer to our discussion under the caption “Credit Resources” within this Financial Review for additional information regarding our financing activities. Income Taxes: Our reported tax rates were 22.7%, 32.1% and 25.4% in 2009, 2008 and 2007. In addition to the items noted below, fluctuations in our reported tax rate are primarily due to changes within state and foreign tax rates resulting from our business mix, including varying proportions of income attributable to foreign countries that have lower income tax rates. In 2009, we recorded a $182 million income tax benefit for the AWP Litigation accrual. The tax benefit could change in the future depending on the resolution of the pending and expected claims. In 2009, income tax expense included $111 million of net income tax benefits for discrete items, which primarily consists of the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and related accrued interest. The recognition of these discrete items is primarily due to the lapsing of the statutes of limitations. Of the $111 million of net tax benefits, $87 million represents a non-cash benefit to Apex Health Distribution. In addition, included within these discrete items is an income tax benefit of $3 million pertaining to our $63 million pre-tax impairment of two equity-held investments. The income tax benefit on the impairment is net of a valuation allowance of $22 million. In June 2008, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) began its examination of fiscal years 2003 through 2006. On October 3, 2008, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (“Stabilization Act”), which included a retroactive reinstatement of the federal research and development credit, was signed into law. The Stabilization Act extends the federal research and development credit to December 31, 2009. In 2009, we recorded a benefit to our income tax provision as a result of these research and development credits. In Canada, we received an assessment from the Canada Revenue Agency (“CRA”) for a total of $19 million related to transfer pricing for 2004. We plan to appeal the assessment. We believe we have adequately provided for any potential adverse results for 2004 and future years. In nearly all jurisdictions, the tax years prior to 2003 are no longer subject to examination. We believe that we have made adequate provision for all remaining income tax uncertainties. In 2008, the IRS completed an examination of our consolidated income tax returns for 2000 to 2002 resulting in a signed Revenue Agent Report (“RAR”), which was approved by the Joint Committee on Taxation during the third quarter of 2008. The IRS and the Company have agreed to certain adjustments, primarily related to transfer pricing and income tax credits. As a result of the approved RAR, we recognized approximately $25 million of net federal and state income tax benefits. In Canada, we received an assessment from the CRA for a total of $9 million related to transfer pricing for 2003. We have filed an appeal with the Tax Court of Canada. We believe we have adequately provided for any potential adverse results for 2003. During 2008, we also favorably concluded various foreign examinations, which resulted in the recognition of approximately $4 million of income tax benefits. Income tax expense for 2008 was also impacted by a non-tax deductible $13 million increase in a legal reserve. In 2007, we recorded a credit to current income tax expense of $83 million which primarily pertained to our receipt of a private letter ruling from the IRS holding that our payment of approximately $960 million to settle our Consolidated Securities Litigation Action is fully tax-deductible. We previously established tax reserves to reflect the lack of certainty regarding the tax deductibility of settlement amounts paid in the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action and related litigation. In 2007, we also recorded $24 million in income tax benefits arising primarily from settlements and adjustments with various taxing authorities and research and development investment tax credits from our Canadian operations. 36 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Discontinued Operations: Results from discontinued operations were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (1) (In millions) 2008 2007 Income (loss) from discontinued operations Acute Care $ 1 $ (9 ) Other 1 — Income taxes (1 ) 4 Total $ 1 $ 5 Loss on sales of discontinued operations Acute Care $ — $ (49 ) Other — 10 Income taxes — (11 ) Total $ — $ (50 ) Discontinued operations, net of taxes Acute Care $ 1 $ (66 ) Other — 11 Total $ 1 $ (55 ) (1) No charges for discontinued operations were incurred during 2009. In 2007, we sold our Distribution Solutions segment’s Medical-Surgical Acute Care business to Owens & Minor, Inc. (“OMI”) for net cash proceeds of approximately $160 million. Revenues associated with the Acute Care business prior to its disposition were $597 million for 2007. Financial results for 2007 for this discontinued operation include an after-tax loss of $66 million, which primarily consists of an after-tax loss of $61 million for the business’ disposition and $5 million of after-tax losses associated with operations, other asset impairment charges and employee severance costs. The after-tax loss of $61 million for the business’ disposition includes a $79 million non-tax deductible write-off of goodwill, as further described below. In connection with the divestiture, we allocated a portion of our Distribution Solutions segment’s Medical-Surgical Distribution business’ goodwill to the Acute Care business as required by SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.” The allocation was based on the relative fair values of the Acute Care business and the continuing businesses that are being retained by the Company. The fair value of the Acute Care business was determined based on the net cash proceeds resulting from the divestiture. As a result, we allocated $79 million of the segment’s goodwill to the Acute Care business. Additionally, as part of the divestiture, we entered into a transition services agreement (“TSA”) with OMI under which we provided certain services to the Acute Care business during a transition period of approximately six months. Financial results from the TSA, as well as employee severance charges over the transition period, were recorded as part of discontinued operations. The continuing cash flows generated from the TSA were not material to our consolidated financial statements and the TSA was completed as of March 31, 2007. In the second quarter of 2007, we also sold a wholly-owned subsidiary, Pharmaceutical Buyers Inc., for net cash proceeds of $10 million. The divestiture resulted in an after-tax gain of $5 million resulting from the tax basis of the subsidiary exceeding its carrying value. Financial results for this business, which were previously included in our Distribution Solutions segment, were not material to our consolidated financial statements. 37 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) The results for discontinued operations for 2007 also include an after-tax gain of $6 million associated with the collection of a note receivable from a business sold in 2003 and the sale of a small business. In accordance with SFAS No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets,” financial results for these businesses have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Net Income: Net income was $823 million, $990 million and $913 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007 and diluted earnings per share was $2.95, $3.32 and $2.99. The net income and diluted earnings per share for 2009 included a pre-tax charge of $493 million ($311 million after-tax) for the AWP Litigation as discussed in further detail under the caption “Operating Expenses” in this financial review. Weighted Average Diluted Shares Outstanding: Diluted earnings per share was calculated based on a weighted average number of shares outstanding of 279 million, 298 million and 305 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007. The decrease in the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding over the past two years primarily reflects a decrease in the number of common shares outstanding as a result of stock repurchased, partially offset by exercised stock options. International Operations International operations accounted for 7.9%, 8.2% and 7.5% of 2009, 2008 and 2007 consolidated revenues. International operations are subject to certain risks, including currency fluctuations. We monitor our operations and adopt strategies responsive to changes in the economic and political environment in each of the countries in which we operate. Additional information regarding our international operations is also included in Financial Note 22, “Segments of Business,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Acquisitions and Investment In 2009, we made the following acquisition: – On May 21, 2008, we acquired McQueary Brothers of Springfield, Missouri for approximately $190 million. McQueary Brothers is a regional distributor of pharmaceutical, health and beauty products to independent and regional chain pharmacies in the Midwestern U.S. This acquisition expanded our existing U.S. pharmaceutical distribution business. The acquisition was funded with cash on hand. Approximately $126 million of the purchase price allocation has been assigned to goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits from synergies to be realized upon integrating the business. Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $61 million representing a customer relationship with a useful life of 7 years, a trade name of $2 million with a useful life of less than one year and a not-to-compete agreement of $4 million with a useful life of 4 years. Financial results for McQueary Brothers have been included within our Distribution Solutions segment since the date of acquisition. In 2008, we made the following acquisition: – On October 29, 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of OTN of Midland, Kansas for approximately $519 million, including the assumption of debt and net of $31 million of cash and cash equivalents acquired from OTN. OTN is a U.S. distributor of specialty pharmaceuticals. The acquisition of OTN expanded our existing specialty pharmaceutical distribution business. The acquisition was funded with cash on hand. Financial results for OTN are included within our Distribution Solutions segment since the date of acquisition. Approximately $240 million of the purchase price allocation has been assigned to goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits from synergies upon integrating the business. Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $115 million representing customer relationships with a weighted-average life of 9 years, developed technology of $3 million with a weighted-average life of 4 years and trademarks and trade names of $10 million with a weighted-average life of 5 years. 38 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) In 2007, we made the following acquisitions and investment: – On January 26, 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Per-Se of Alpharetta, Georgia for $28.00 per share in cash plus the assumption of Per-Se’s debt, or approximately $1.8 billion in aggregate, including cash acquired of $76 million. Per-Se is a leading provider of financial and administrative healthcare solutions for hospitals, physicians and retail pharmacies. The acquisition of Per-Se is consistent with the Company’s strategy of providing products that help solve clinical, financial and business processes within the healthcare industry. The acquisition was initially funded with cash on hand and through the use of an interim credit facility. In March 2007, we issued $1 billion of long-term debt, with such net proceeds after offering expenses from the issuance, together with cash on hand, being used to fully repay borrowings outstanding under the interim credit facility (refer to Financial Note 12, “Long-Term Debt and Other Financing” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). Financial results for Per-Se are primarily included within our Technology Solutions segment. Approximately $1,258 million of the purchase price allocation has been assigned to goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits from synergies upon integrating the business. Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $402 million representing customer relationships with a weighted-average life of 10 years, developed technology of $56 million with a weighted-average life of 5 years and trademark and trade names of $13 million with a weighted-average life of 5 years. In connection with the purchase price allocation, we have estimated the fair value of the support obligations assumed from Per-Se in connection with the acquisition. The estimated fair value of these obligations was determined utilizing a cost build-up approach. The cost build-up approach determines fair value by estimating the costs relating to fulfilling the obligations plus a normal profit margin. The sum of the costs and operating profit approximates, in theory, the amount that we would be required to pay a third party to assume these obligations. As a result, in allocating the purchase price, we recorded an adjustment to reduce the carrying value of Per-Se’s deferred revenue by $17 million to $30 million, which represents our estimate of the fair value of the obligation assumed. – Our Technology Solutions segment acquired MedLink Corporation (“MedLink”) based in Emeryville, California. MedLink is a provider of secure online healthcare communication services linking patients, healthcare professionals, payors and pharmacies. This segment also acquired two other entities, one specializing in patient billing solutions designed to simplify and enhance healthcare providers’ financial interactions with their patients and the other a provider of integrated software for electronic health records, medical billing and appointment scheduling for independent physician practices. The total cost of these three entities was $90 million, which was paid in cash. Goodwill recognized in these transactions amounted to $63 million. – Our Distribution Solutions segment acquired Sterling Medical Services, LLC (“Sterling,”) which is based in Moorestown, New Jersey. Sterling is a national provider and distributor of disposable medical supplies, health management services and quality management programs to the home care market. This segment also acquired a medical supply sourcing agent. The total cost of these two entities was $95 million, which was paid in cash. Goodwill recognized in these transactions amounted to $47 million. – We contributed $36 million in cash and $45 million in net assets primarily from our Pharmacy Systems and Automation business to Parata, in exchange for a significant minority interest in Parata. Parata is a manufacturer of pharmacy robotic equipment. 39 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) During the last three years, we also completed a number of other smaller acquisitions and investments within both of our operating segments. Financial results for our business acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates. Purchase prices for our business acquisitions have been allocated based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition and for certain recent acquisitions, may be subject to change as we continue to evaluate and implement various restructuring initiatives. Goodwill recognized for our business acquisitions is not generally expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Pro forma results of operations for our business acquisitions have not been presented because the effects were not material to the consolidated financial statements on either an individual or an aggregate basis. Refer to Financial Note 2, “Acquisitions and Investment,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussions regarding our acquisitions and investing activities. 2010 Outlook Information regarding the Company’s 2010 outlook is contained in our Form 8-K dated May 4, 2009. This Form 8-K should be read in conjunction with the sections “Factors Affecting Forward-looking Statements” and “Additional Factors That May Affect Future Results” included in this Financial Review. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if the estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and if different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, could have a material impact on our financial condition or results from operations. Below are the estimates that we believe are critical to the understanding of our operating results and financial condition. Other accounting policies are described in Financial Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: We provide short-term credit and other customer financing arrangements to customers who purchase our products and services. Other customer financing primarily relates to guarantees provided to our customers, or their creditors, regarding the repurchase of inventories. We also provide financing to certain customers related to the purchase of pharmacies, which serve as collateral for the loans. We estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and specific knowledge regarding the current creditworthiness of our customers. An allowance is recorded in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts. In determining the appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts, which includes portfolio and specific reserves, the Company reviews accounts receivable aging, industry trends, customer financial strength, credit standing, historical write-off trends and payment history to assess the probability of collection. If the frequency and severity of customer defaults due to our customers’ financial condition or general economic conditions change, our allowance for uncollectible accounts may require adjustment. As a result, we continuously monitor outstanding receivables and other customer financing and adjust allowances for accounts where collection may be in doubt. At March 31, 2009, revenues and accounts receivable from our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52% of consolidated revenues and approximately 49% of accounts receivable. At March 31, 2009, revenues and accounts receivable from our two largest customers, CVS Caremark Corporation (“Caremark”) and Rite Aid Corporation (“Rite Aid”), represented approximately 14% and 12% of total consolidated revenues and 14% and 10% of accounts receivable. As a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. Any defaults in payment or a material reduction in purchases from this or any other large customer could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 40 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Reserve methodologies are assessed annually based on historical losses and economic, business and market trends. In addition, reserves are reviewed quarterly and updated if unusual circumstances or trends are present. We believe the reserves maintained and expenses recorded in 2009 are appropriate and consistent with historical methodologies employed. At this time, we are not aware of any internal process or customer issues that might lead to a significant future increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of net revenue. At March 31, 2009, trade and notes receivables were $7,029 million prior to allowances of $152 million. In 2009, 2008 and 2007 our provision for bad debts was $29 million, $41 million and $24 million. At March 31, 2009 and 2008, the allowance as a percentage of trade and notes receivables was 2.2% and 2.5%. An increase or decrease of 0.1% in the 2009 allowance as a percentage of trade and notes receivables would result in an increase or decrease in the provision on receivables of approximately $7 million. Additional information concerning our allowance for doubtful accounts may be found in Schedule II included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Inventories: We state inventories at the lower of cost or market (“LCM.”) Inventories for our Distribution Solutions segment consist of merchandise held for resale. For our Distribution Solutions segment, the majority of the cost of domestic inventories is determined on the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method and Canadian inventories are stated using the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method. Technology Solutions segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost determined by the standard cost method. Rebates, fees, cash discounts, allowances, chargebacks and other incentives received from vendors are generally accounted for as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized when the inventory is sold. Total inventories were $8.5 billion and $9.0 billion at March 31, 2009 and 2008. The LIFO method was used to value approximately 88% of our inventories at March 31, 2009 and 2008. At March 31, 2009 and 2008, our LIFO reserves, net of LCM adjustments (discussed below), were $85 million and $77 million. LIFO reserves include both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products. In 2009, 2008 and 2007, we recognized net LIFO expense of $8 million and net LIFO credits of $14 million and $64 million within our consolidated statements of operations. A LIFO expense is recognized when the net effect of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory exceeds the impact of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceutical products, including the effect of branded pharmaceutical products that have lost market exclusivity. A LIFO credit is recognized when the impact of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceutical products exceeds the impact of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory. In 2009, our $8 million net LIFO expense related to our non-pharmaceutical products. We believe that the FIFO inventory costing method provides a reasonable estimation of the current cost of replacing inventory (i.e., “market”). As such, our LIFO inventory is valued at the lower of LIFO or inventory as valued under FIFO. Primarily due to continued deflation in generic pharmaceutical inventories, pharmaceutical inventories at LIFO were $107 million and $43 million higher than FIFO as of March 31, 2009 and 2008. As a result, in 2009 and 2008, we recorded LCM charges of $64 million and $43 million within our consolidated statements of operations to adjust our LIFO inventories to market. As deflation in generic pharmaceuticals continues, we anticipate that LIFO credits from our pharmaceutical products will be fully offset by LCM reserves. In determining whether inventory valuation issues exist, we consider various factors including estimated quantities of slow-moving inventory by reviewing on-hand quantities, outstanding purchase obligations and forecasted sales. Shifts in market trends and conditions, changes in customer preferences due to the introduction of generic drugs or new pharmaceutical products or the loss of one or more significant customers are factors that could affect the value of our inventories. We provide reserves for excess and obsolete inventory, if indicated as a result of these reviews. These factors could make our estimates of inventory valuation differ from actual results. 41 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Acquisitions: We account for acquired businesses using the purchase method of accounting which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Amounts allocated to acquired in-process research and development are expensed at the date of acquisition. The judgments made in determining the estimated fair value assigned to each class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as asset lives, can materially impact our results of operations. The valuations are based on information available near the acquisition date and are based on expectations and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management. There are several methods that can be used to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. For intangible assets, we typically use the income method. This method starts with a forecast of all of the expected future net cash flows. These cash flows are then adjusted to present value by applying an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the income method or other methods include the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate selected to measure the risks inherent in the future cash flows and the assessment of the asset’s life cycle and the competitive trends impacting the asset, including consideration of any technical, legal, regulatory or economic barriers to entry. Determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment as different types of intangible assets will have different useful lives and certain assets may even be considered to have indefinite useful lives. Refer to Financial Note 2, “Acquisitions and Investment,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our acquisitions. Goodwill: As a result of acquiring businesses, we have $3,528 million and $3,345 million of goodwill at March 31, 2009 and 2008. We maintain goodwill assets on our books unless the assets are deemed to be impaired. We perform an impairment test on goodwill balances annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Indicators that are considered include, but are not limited to, significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in the use of the assets, significant negative industry or economic trends or a significant decline in the Company’s stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. Impairment testing is conducted at the reporting unit level, which is generally defined as a component — one level below our Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions operating segments, for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that unit. Components that have essentially similar operations, products, services and customers are aggregated as a single reporting unit. Management judgment is involved in determining which components may be combined and changes in these combinations could affect the outcome of the testing. Impairment tests require that we first compare the carrying value of net assets to the estimated fair value of net assets for the reporting units. If carrying value exceeds fair value, a second step would be performed to calculate the amount of impairment, which would be recorded as a charge in the consolidated statements of operations. Fair values can be determined using market, income or cost approaches. To estimate the fair value of a business using the market approach, we compare the business to similar businesses or guideline companies whose securities are actively traded in public markets or the income approach, where we use a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate rate of return. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the goodwill impairment estimation process using the market approach include the selection of appropriate guideline companies, the determination of market value multiples for the guideline companies, the subsequent selection of an appropriate market value multiple for the business based on a comparison of the business to the guideline companies, the determination of applicable premiums and discounts based on any differences in marketability between the business and the guideline companies, projected earnings and revenues for the business and when considering the income approach, include the required rate of return used in the discounted cash flow method, which reflects capital market conditions and the specific risks associated with the business. Other estimates inherent in the income approach include long-term growth rates and cash flow forecasts for the business. 42 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Estimates of fair value result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions at a point in time. The judgments made in determining an estimate of fair value can materially impact our results of operations. The valuations are based on information available as of the impairment review date and are based on expectations and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management. Any changes in key assumptions, including failure to meet business plans, a further deterioration in the market or other unanticipated events and circumstances, may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates and could potentially result in an impairment charge. In 2009 and 2008, we concluded that there was no impairment of our goodwill. In September 2006, we sold our Distribution Solutions segment’s Acute Care medical-surgical supply business and allocated $79 million of the segment’s goodwill to the divested business. The allocation was based on the relative fair values of the Acute Care business and continuing businesses that were retained by the Company. Supplier Incentives: We receive fees for service and other incentives from our suppliers, such as volume-related rebates and cash discounts, relating to the purchase or distribution of inventory. We consider these fees and other incentives to represent product discounts and as a result, the amounts are recorded as a reduction of product cost and are recognized through cost of goods sold upon the sale of the related inventory. Supplier Reserves: We establish reserves against amounts due from our suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them from us. These reserve estimates are established based on our best judgment after carefully considering the status of current outstanding claims, historical experience with the suppliers, the specific incentive programs and any other pertinent information available to us including the vendor’s financial condition. We evaluate amounts due from our suppliers on a continual basis and adjust the reserve estimates when appropriate based on changes in factual circumstances. As of March 31, 2009 and 2008, supplier reserves were $113 million and $82 million. All of the supplier reserves at March 31, 2009 and 2008 pertain to our Distribution Solutions segment. A hypothetical 0.1% percentage increase or decrease in the supplier reserve as a percentage of trade payables would have resulted in an increase or decrease in the cost of sales of approximately $11 million in 2009. The ultimate outcome of any amounts due from our suppliers may be different from our estimate. Income Taxes: Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management’s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax provision and in evaluating income tax uncertainties under Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation (“FIN”) No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes.” We review our tax positions at the end of each quarter and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative net operating losses in the most recent years and our forecast of future taxable income. In estimating future taxable income, we develop assumptions including the amount of future state, federal and foreign pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage the underlying businesses. We had deferred income tax assets of $1,572 million and $1,290 million at March 31, 2009 and 2008 and deferred tax liabilities of $1,889 million and $1,555 million. Deferred tax assets primarily consist of net loss carryforwards and timing differences on our compensation and benefit related accruals as well as on our AWP Litigation accrual. Deferred tax liabilities primarily consist of basis differences for inventory valuation (including inventory valued at LIFO) and other assets. We established valuation allowances of $125 million and $27 million, against certain deferred tax assets, which primarily relates to federal, state and foreign loss carryforwards for which the ultimate realization of future benefits is uncertain. Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Should tax laws change, including those laws pertaining to LIFO, our cash flows could be materially impacted. Management is currently not aware of any such changes that could have a material effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 43 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) If our assumptions and estimates described above were to change, an increase/decrease of 1% in our effective tax rate as applied to income from continuing operations would have increased/decreased tax expense by approximately $11 million, or $0.04 per diluted share, for 2009. Share-Based Payment: Our compensation programs include share-based payments. We account for all share-based payment transactions using a fair-value based measurement method. The share-based compensation expense is recognized, for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for those awards with graded vesting and service conditions. For awards with performance conditions and multiple vest dates, we recognize the expense on a graded vesting basis. For awards with performance conditions and a single vest date, we recognize the expense on a straight-line basis. We utilize the “short-cut” method for calculating the tax effects of share-based compensation. We estimate the grant-date fair value of employee stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. We believe that it is difficult to accurately measure the value of an employee stock option. Our estimates of employee stock option values rely on estimates of factors we input into the model. The key factors involve an estimate of future uncertain events. The key factors influencing the estimation process, among others, are the expected life of the option, the expected stock price volatility factor and the expected dividend yield. In determining the expected life of the option, we primarily use historical experience as our best estimate of future exercise patterns. We use a combination of historical and implied market volatility to determine the expected stock price volatility factor. We believe that this market-based input provides a better estimate of our future stock price movements and is consistent with employee stock option valuation considerations. Once the fair values of employee stock options are determined, current accounting practices do not permit them to be changed, even if the estimates used are different from actual. In addition, we develop an estimate of the number of share-based awards which will ultimately vest primarily based on historical experience. Changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a material effect on share-based compensation expense. If the actual forfeiture rate is higher than the estimated forfeiture rate, then an adjustment is made to increase the estimated forfeiture rate, which will result in a decrease to the expense recognized in the financial statements. If the actual forfeiture rate is lower than the estimated forfeiture rate, then an adjustment is made to decrease the estimated forfeiture rate, which will result in an increase to the expense recognized in the financial statements. We re-assess the estimated forfeiture rate established upon grant periodically throughout the requisite service period. Such estimates are revised if they differ materially from actual forfeitures. As required, the forfeiture estimates will be adjusted to reflect actual forfeitures when an award vests. The actual forfeitures in future reporting periods could be materially higher or lower than our current estimates. Our assessments of estimated share-based compensation charges are affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables and the related tax impact. These variables include, but are not limited to, the volatility of our stock price, employee stock option exercise behavior, timing, number and types of annual share-based awards and the attainment of performance goals. As a result, the future share-based compensation expense may differ from the Company’s historical amounts. In 2009, 2008 and 2007, share-based compensation expense was $0.23, $0.20 and $0.13 per diluted share. Loss Contingencies: We are subject to various claims, pending and potential legal actions for product liability and other damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of business. Each significant matter is regularly reviewed and assessed for potential financial exposure. If a potential loss is considered probable and can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability in the consolidated financial statements. The assessment of probability and estimation of amount is highly subjective and requires significant judgment due to uncertainties related to these matters and is based on the best information available at the time. The accruals are adjusted, as appropriate, as additional information becomes available. We regularly review contingencies to determine the adequacy of the accruals and related disclosures. The amount of actual loss may differ significantly from these estimates. 44 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY, AND CAPITAL RESOURCES We expect our available cash generated from operations, together with our existing sources of liquidity from our accounts receivable sales facility and short-term borrowings under the revolving credit facility and commercial paper, will be sufficient to fund our long-term and short-term capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements. In addition, from time to time, we may access the long-term debt capital markets to discharge our other liabilities. Net cash flow from operating activities was $1,351 million in 2009, compared with $869 million in 2008 and $1,539 million in 2007. Operating activities for 2009 include a non-cash charge of $493 million and the related income tax benefit of $182 million for the AWP Litigation. Operating activities for 2009 reflect an increase in receivables primarily associated with our revenue growth as well as longer payment terms for customers and improvement in our net financial inventory (inventory, net of accounts payable). Cash flows from operations can also be significantly impacted by factors such as the timing of receipts from customers and payments to vendors. Operating activities for 2008 were affected by a use of cash of $962 million due to the release of restricted cash for our Consolidated Securities Litigation Action. In addition, operating activities in 2008 reflect changes in our working capital accounts due to revenue growth. Operating activities for 2007 benefited from improved accounts receivable management, reflecting changes in our customer mix, our termination of a customer contract and an increase in accounts payable associated with improved payment terms. These benefits were partially offset by increases in inventory needed to support our growth and timing of inventory receipts. Operating activities for 2007 also include payments of $25 million for the settlements of Securities Litigation cases. Net cash used in investing activities was $727 million in 2009, compared with $5 million in 2008 and $2,108 million in 2007. Investing activities for 2009 include $358 million of cash payments for business acquisitions, including the McQueary Brothers acquisition for approximately $190 million. Investing activities for 2008 benefited from the $962 million release of restricted cash for our Consolidated Securities Litigation Action. Investing activities include $610 million in 2008 of cash paid for business acquisitions, including OTN. Investing activities for 2007 reflect $1,938 million of cash paid for our business acquisitions (including $1.8 billion for Per-Se). Investing activities for 2007 also reflect $179 million of cash proceeds from the sale of various businesses, including net cash proceeds of $160 million for the sale of our Acute Care business. Financing activities provided cash of $178 million in 2009, utilized cash of $1,470 million in 2008 and provided cash of $379 million in 2007. Financing activities for 2009 include our February 2009 issuance of $350 million of 6.50% notes due 2014 and $350 million of 7.50% notes due 2019. Net proceeds of $699 million from the issuance of the notes, after offering expenses, will be used by the Company for general corporate purposes. Financing activities for 2009 were also impacted by $502 million of cash paid for share repurchases, $116 million of dividends paid and $97 million of cash receipts from employees’ exercises of stock options. Financing activities for 2008 include $1.7 billion of cash paid for stock repurchases and $70 million of dividends paid, partially offset by $354 million of cash receipts from common stock issuances. 45 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Financing activities for 2007 include our March 2007 issuance of $500 million of 5.25% notes due 2013 and $500 million of 5.70% notes due 2017. Net proceeds of $997 million from the issuance of the notes, after offering expenses, were used, together with cash on hand, to repay $1.0 billion of short-term borrowings then outstanding under the interim facility we entered into in connection with the acquisition of Per-Se. Financing activities for 2007 also include $1.0 billion of cash paid for stock repurchases and $72 million of dividends paid, partially offset by $399 million of cash receipts from common stock issuances. The Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) has authorized the repurchase of Apex Health Distribution’s common stock from time to time in open market or private transactions, which is described in more detail in Financial Note 19, “Stockholders’ Equity,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. During 2009, 2008 and 2007, the Company repurchased $484 million, $1,686 million and $1,001 million of its common stock at average prices of $50.52, $59.48 and $51.46. As of March 31, 2009, $830 million remained available for future repurchases under the outstanding April 2008 Board approved share repurchase plan. In July 2008, the Board authorized the retirement of shares of the Company’s common stock that may be repurchased from time to time pursuant to its stock repurchase program. During the second quarter of 2009, all of the 4 million repurchased shares, which we purchased for $204 million, were formally retired by the Company. The retired shares constitute authorized but unissued shares. We elected to allocate any excess of share repurchase price over par value between additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. As such, $165 million was recorded as a decrease to retained earnings. In April 2008, the Board approved a change in the Company’s dividend policy by increasing the amount of the Company’s quarterly dividend from six cents to twelve cents per share, applicable to ensuing quarterly dividend declarations until further action by the Board. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. However, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of the Board and will depend upon the Company’s future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. Although we believe that our operating cash flow, financial assets, current access to capital and credit markets, as evidenced by our most recent debt issuance in February 2009, including our existing credit and sales facilities, will give us the ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no assurance that continued or increased volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing. Selected Measures of Liquidity and Capital Resources: March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2009 2008 2007 Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,109 $ 1,362 $ 1,954 Working capital 3,065 2,438 2,730 Debt, net of cash and cash equivalents 403 435 4 Debt to capital ratio (1) 28.9 % 22.7 % 23.8 % Net debt to net capital employed (2) 6.1 % 6.6 % 0.1 % Return on stockholders’ equity (3) 13.2 % 15.6 % 15.2 % (1) Ratio is computed as total debt divided by total debt and stockholders’ equity. (2) Ratio is computed as total debt, net of cash and cash equivalents (“net debt”), divided by net debt and stockholders’ equity (“net capital employed”). (3) Ratio is computed as net income, divided by a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. 46 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Our cash and equivalents balance as of March 31, 2009 included approximately $900 million of cash held by our subsidiaries outside of the United States. Although the vast majority of cash held outside the United States is available for repatriation, doing so could subject us to U.S. federal, state and local income tax. We may temporarily access cash held by foreign subsidiaries without subjecting us to U.S. federal, state and local income tax through intercompany loans. A notice issued by the IRS in January 2009 announced that the Treasury Department will, for a temporary period, extend the permitted duration of such intercompany loans that qualify for suspended deemed dividend treatment under Section 956 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Pursuant to the IRS notice, such intercompany loans from foreign subsidiaries to the U.S. parent must be less than 60 days in duration and borrowing activities cannot exceed 180 cumulative days during the year. At March 31, 2009, there were no intercompany loans outstanding. The position set forth in the notice will apply for the Company until March 31, 2011. Working capital primarily includes cash and cash equivalents, receivables, inventories, net of drafts and accounts payable and other current liabilities. Our Distribution Solutions segment requires a substantial investment in working capital that is susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. Inventory purchase activity is a function of sales activity and new customer build-up requirements. Consolidated working capital increased at March 31, 2009 compared with March 31, 2008 primarily due to increases in cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable, partially offset by our $493 million AWP Litigation accrual and a higher current portion of long-term debt. Consolidated working capital decreased at March 31, 2008 compared with March 31, 2007 primarily due to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents, a decrease in net financial inventory (inventory, net of drafts and accounts payable) and an increase in other accrued liabilities. These decreases in working capital were partially offset by an increase in account receivables and the one-time benefit associated with a $420 million reclassification of short-term tax liabilities to long-term liabilities as a result of our implementation of FIN No. 48. Our ratio of net debt to net capital employed decreased at March 31, 2009 compared with March 31, 2008 primarily reflecting an increase in cash and cash equivalents, partially offset by our issuance of $700 million of long-term debt. This ratio increased at March 31, 2008 compared with March 31, 2007 primarily reflecting a decrease in cash and cash equivalents. The Company has paid quarterly cash dividends at the rate of $0.06 per share on its common stock since the fourth quarter of 1999. A dividend of $0.06 per share was declared by the Board on January 23, 2008 and was paid on April 1, 2008 to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 3, 2008. In April 2008, the Board approved a change in the Company’s dividend policy by increasing the amount of the Company’s quarterly dividend from six cents to twelve cents per share, applicable to ensuing quarterly dividend declarations until further action by the Board. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. However, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of the Board and will depend upon the Company’s future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. In 2009, 2008 and 2007, we paid total cash dividends of $116 million, $70 million and $72 million. 47 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Contractual Obligations: The table below presents our significant financial obligations and commitments at March 31, 2009: Years (In millions) Total Within 1 Over 1 to 3 Over 3 to 5 After 5 On balance sheet Long-term debt (1) $ 2,509 $ 219 $ 419 $ 848 $ 1,023 Interest on borrowings (2) 1,052 166 293 205 388 Other (3) 683 379 55 44 205 Off balance sheet Purchase obligations (4) 3,574 3,353 110 82 29 Customer guarantees (5) 114 51 24 1 38 Operating lease obligations (6) 427 105 162 81 79 Total $ 8,359 $ 4,273 $ 1,063 $ 1,261 $ 1,762 (1) Represents maturities of the Company’s long-term obligations including capital lease obligations. See Financial Note 12, “Long-Term Debt and Other Financing,” for further information. (2) Primarily represents interest that will be due in the future on our fixed rate long-term debt obligations. (3) Primarily includes our AWP Litigation accrual and our estimated payments for pension and postretirement plans. (4) A purchase obligation is defined as an arrangement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on the Company. These obligations primarily relate to inventory purchases, capital commitments and service agreements. (5) Represents primarily agreements with certain of our customers’ financial institutions (primarily for our Canadian business) under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of inventory at a discount in the event these customers are unable to meet certain obligations to those financial institutions. Among other limitations, these inventories must be in resalable condition. The inventory repurchase agreements mostly range from one to two years. Customer guarantees range from one to five years and were primarily provided to facilitate financing for certain customers. The majority of our other customer guarantees are secured by certain assets of the customer. At March 31, 2009, the maximum amounts of inventory repurchase guarantees and other customer guarantees were $102 million and $10 million. We consider it unlikely that we would make significant payments under these guarantees and accordingly, no amounts had been accrued at March 31, 2009. Refer to Financial Note 17, “Financial Guarantees and Warranties,” for further information. (6) Represents minimum rental payments and the related future interest payments for operating leases. See Financial Note 16, “Lease Obligations,” for further information. At March 31, 2009, the liability recorded for uncertain tax positions, excluding associated interest and penalties, was approximately $526 million pursuant to FIN No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes.” This liability represents an estimate of tax positions that the Company has taken in its tax returns which may ultimately not be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Since the ultimate amount and timing of any future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty, the estimated FIN No. 48 liability has been excluded from the contractual obligations table. In addition, our banks and insurance companies have issued $115 million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds on our behalf mostly in order to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations and our workers’ compensation and automotive liability programs. Credit Resources: We fund our working capital requirements primarily with cash and cash equivalents, our accounts receivable sales facility, short-term borrowings under the revolving credit facility and commercial paper. 48 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Accounts Receivable Sales Facility: In June 2008, we renewed our accounts receivable sales facility under substantially similar terms to those previously in place, except that we increased the committed balance from $700 million to $1.0 billion. The renewed facility expires in June 2009. We anticipate renewing this facility before its expiration. Through this facility, Apex Health Distribution sells certain U.S. Pharmaceutical trade accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary which then sells these receivables to a special purpose entity (“SPE”), which is a wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary of Apex Health Distribution that is consolidated in our financial statements. This SPE then sells undivided interests in the receivables to third-party purchaser groups, each of which includes commercial paper conduits (“Conduits”), which are special purpose corporations administered by financial institutions. Sales of undivided interests in the receivables by the SPE to the Conduits are accounted for as a sale in accordance with SFAS No. 140, “Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities,” because we have relinquished control of the receivables. Accordingly, accounts receivable sold under these transactions are excluded from receivables, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Receivables sold and receivables retained by the Company are carried at face value, which due to the short-term nature of our accounts receivable and terms of the facility, approximates fair value. Apex Health Distribution receives cash in the amount of the face value for the receivables sold. No gain or loss is recorded upon sale as fee charges from the Conduits are based upon a floating yield rate and the period the undivided interests remain outstanding. Fee charges from the Conduits are accrued at the end of each month. Should we default under the accounts receivable sales facility, the Conduits are entitled to receive only collections on receivables owned by the SPE. Information regarding our outstanding balances related to our interests in accounts receivable sold or qualifying receivables retained is as follows: March 31, March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 Receivables sold outstanding (1) $ — $ — Receivables retained, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 4,814 4,251 (1) Deducted from receivables, net in the consolidated balance sheets. The following table summarizes the activity related to our interests in accounts receivable sold: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Proceeds from accounts receivable sales $ 5,780 $ 1,075 $ — Fees and charges (1) (2) 10 2 — (1) Recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. (2) Fee charges related to the sale of receivables to the Conduits for the year ended March 31, 2007 were not material. The delinquency ratio for the qualifying receivables represented less than 1% of the total qualifying receivables as of March 31, 2009 and 2008. We continue servicing the receivables sold. No servicing asset is recorded at the time of sale because we do not receive any servicing fees from third parties or other income related to servicing the receivables. We do not record any servicing liability at the time of sale as the receivables collection period is relatively short and the costs of servicing the receivables sold over the servicing period are insignificant. Servicing costs are recognized as incurred over the servicing period. 49 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Revolving Credit Facility We have a $1.3 billion five-year, senior unsecured revolving credit facility which expires in June 2012. Borrowings under this credit facility bear interest based upon either a Prime rate or the London Interbank Offering Rate. Total borrowings under this facility were $279 million for 2009. There were no borrowings for 2008. As of March 31, 2009 and 2008, there were no amounts outstanding under this facility. In January 2007, we entered into a $1.8 billion interim credit facility. The interim credit facility was a single-draw 364-day unsecured facility with terms substantially similar to those contained in the Company’s existing revolving credit facility. We utilized $1.0 billion of this facility to fund a portion of our purchase of Per-Se. Commercial Paper We issued and repaid approximately $3.3 billion and $260 million in commercial paper during 2009 and 2008. There were no commercial paper issuances outstanding at March 31, 2009 and 2008. Our senior debt credit ratings from S&P, Fitch, and Moody’s are currently BBB+, BBB+ and Baa3, and our commercial paper ratings are currently A-2, F-2 and P-3. Our ratings outlook is positive with S&P and stable with Fitch and Moody’s. Our various borrowing facilities and certain long-term debt instruments are subject to covenants. Our principal debt covenant is our debt to capital ratio, which cannot exceed 56.5%. If we exceed this ratio, repayment of debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility and $215 million of term debt could be accelerated. At March 31, 2009, this ratio was 28.9% and we were in compliance with all other covenants. A reduction in our credit ratings or the lack of compliance with our covenants could result in a negative impact on our ability to finance our operations. Funds necessary for the resolution of future debt maturities and our other cash requirements are expected to be met by existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, existing credit sources and other capital market transactions. MARKET RISKS Interest rate risk: Our long-term debt bears interest predominately at fixed rates, whereas our short-term borrowings are at variable interest rates. If the underlying weighted average interest rate on our variable rate debt were to have changed by 50 bp in 2009, interest expense would not have been materially different from that reported. Our cash and cash equivalent balances earn interest at variable rates. Given recent declines in interest rates, our interest income may be negatively impacted. If the underlying weighted average interest rate on our cash and cash equivalent balances changed by 50 bp in 2009, interest income would have increased or decreased by approximately $7 million. As of March 31, 2009 and 2008, the net fair value liability of financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk was approximately $2,545 million and $1,861 million. Fair value was estimated on the basis of quoted market prices, although trading in these debt securities is limited and may not reflect fair value. Fair value is subject to fluctuations based on our performance, our credit ratings, changes in the value of our stock and changes in interest rates for debt securities with similar terms. Foreign exchange risk: We derive revenues and earnings from Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries, Israel, Asia Pacific and Mexico, which expose us to changes in foreign exchange rates. We seek to manage our foreign exchange risk in part through operational means, including managing same currency revenues in relation to same currency costs, and same currency assets in relation to same currency liabilities. Foreign exchange risk is also managed through the use of foreign currency forward-exchange contracts. These contracts are used to offset the potential earnings effects from mostly intercompany foreign currency investments and loans. As of March 31, 2009, an adverse 10% change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates would not have had a material impact on our net fair value of financial instruments that have exposure to foreign currency risk. 50 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS Information regarding our related party balances and transactions is included in “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” appearing within this Financial Review and Financial Note 20, “Related Party Balances and Transactions,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS New accounting pronouncements that we have recently adopted, as well as those that have been recently issued but not yet adopted by us, are included in Financial Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. FACTORS AFFECTING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of Part II of this report, contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Some of these statements can be identified by use of forward-looking words such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “intends,” “plans” or “estimates,” or the negative of these words, or other comparable terminology. The discussion of financial trends, strategy, plans or intentions may also include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied. Although it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks and uncertainties, they may include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed under “Additional Factors That May Affect Future Results.” The reader should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties. These and other risks and uncertainties are described herein and in other information contained in our publicly available Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings and press releases. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date such statements were first made. Except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. ADDITIONAL FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS We are subject to legal proceedings that could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. From time to time and in the ordinary course of our business, we and certain of our subsidiaries may become involved in various legal proceedings involving antitrust, commercial, employment, environmental, intellectual property, regulatory, tort and other various claims. All such legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and the outcome can result in excessive verdicts and/or injunctive relief that may affect how we operate our business or we may enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages. Future court decisions and legislative activity may increase the Company’s exposure to litigation and regulatory investigations. In some cases, substantial non-economic remedies or punitive damages may be sought. For some complaints filed against the Company, we are currently unable to estimate the remaining amount of possible losses that might be incurred should these legal proceedings be resolved against the Company. The outcome of litigation and other legal matters is always uncertain and outcomes that are not justified by the evidence or existing law can occur. The Company believes that it has valid defenses to the legal matters pending against it and is defending itself vigorously. Nevertheless, it is possible that resolution of one or any combination of more than one legal matter could result in a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. For example, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings described in Financial Note 18, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements which could have such an impact, including class actions and other legal proceedings alleging that we engaged in illegal conduct that caused average wholesale prices to rise for certain prescription drugs during specified periods. 51 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Litigation is costly, time-consuming and disruptive to normal business operations. The defense of these matters could also result in continued diversion of our management’s time and attention away from business operations, which could also harm our business. Even if these matters are not resolved against us, the uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved legal proceedings could harm our business and reputation. For additional information regarding certain of the legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Financial Note 18, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Changes in the United States healthcare environment could have a material negative impact on our revenues and net income. Our products and services are primarily intended to function within the structure of the healthcare financing and reimbursement system currently being used in the United States. In recent years, the healthcare industry has changed significantly in an effort to reduce costs. These changes include increased use of managed care, cuts in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement levels, consolidation of pharmaceutical and medical-surgical supply distributors and the development of large, sophisticated purchasing groups. We expect the healthcare industry to continue to change significantly in the future. Some of these changes, such as adverse changes in government funding of healthcare services, legislation or regulations governing the privacy of patient information or the delivery or pricing of pharmaceuticals and healthcare services or mandated benefits, may cause healthcare industry participants to greatly reduce the amount of our products and services they purchase or the price they are willing to pay for our products and services. Changes in the healthcare industry’s or our pharmaceutical suppliers’ pricing, selling, inventory, distribution or supply policies or practices, or changes in our customer mix could also significantly reduce our revenues and net income. Due to the diverse range of healthcare supply management and healthcare information technology products and services that we offer, such changes could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, while not affecting some of our competitors who offer a narrower range of products and services. The majority of our U.S. pharmaceutical distribution business’ agreements with manufacturers are structured to ensure that we are appropriately and predictably compensated for the services we provide; however, failure to successfully renew these contracts in a timely and favorable manner could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Healthcare and public policy trends indicate that the number of generic drugs will increase over the next few years as a result of the expiration of certain drug patents. In recent years, our financial results have improved from our generic drug offering programs. An increase or a decrease in the availability or changes in pricing or reimbursement of these generic drugs could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. “At-Risk” Launches: Generic drug manufacturers are increasingly challenging the validity or enforceability of patents on branded pharmaceutical products. During the pendency of these legal challenges, a generics manufacturer may begin manufacturing and selling a generic version of the branded product prior to the final resolution to its legal challenge over the branded product’s patent. To the extent we source and distribute such generic products launched “at risk,” the brand-name company could assert infringement claims against us. While we generally obtain indemnification against such claims from generic manufacturers as a condition of distributing their products, there can be no assurances that these rights will be adequate or sufficient to protect us. 52 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) International Sourcing: We may experience difficulties and delays inherent in sourcing products and contract manufacturing from foreign countries, including, but not limited to, (1) difficulties in complying with the requirements of applicable federal, state and local governmental authorities in the United States and of foreign regulatory authorities, (2) inability to increase production capacity commensurate with demand or the failure to predict market demand and (3) other manufacturing or distribution problems including changes in types of products produced, limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements or physical limitations that could impact continuous supply. Manufacturing difficulties could result in manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages and delays in product manufacturing. Pedigree Tracking: There have been increasing efforts by various levels of government agencies, including state boards of pharmacy and comparable government agencies, to regulate the pharmaceutical distribution system in order to prevent the introduction of counterfeit, adulterated and/or mislabeled drugs into the pharmaceutical distribution system (“pedigree tracking”). Certain states have adopted or are considering laws and regulations that are intended to protect the integrity of the pharmaceutical distribution system while other government agencies are currently evaluating their recommendations. Florida has adopted pedigree tracking requirements and California has enacted a law requiring chain of custody technology using radio frequency tagging and electronic pedigrees, which will be effective for us in July 2016. Final regulations under the federal Prescription Drug Marketing Act requiring pedigree and chain of custody tracking in certain circumstances became effective December 1, 2006. This latter regulation has been challenged in a case brought by secondary distributors. A preliminary injunction was issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York that temporarily enjoined implementation of this regulation. This injunction was affirmed by the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in July 2008. These pedigree tracking laws and regulations could increase the overall regulatory burden and costs associated with our pharmaceutical distribution business and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, the U.S. Federal Drug Administration (“FDA”) Amendments Act of 2007, which went into effect on October 1, 2007, requires the FDA to establish standards and identify and validate effective technologies for the purpose of securing the pharmaceutical supply chain against counterfeit drugs. These standards may include any track-and-trace or authentication technologies, such as Radio Frequency Identification Devices and other technologies. The FDA must develop a standardized numerical identifier by April 1, 2010. Healthcare Fraud: We are subject to extensive and frequently changing local, state and federal laws and regulations relating to healthcare fraud. The federal government continues to strengthen its position and scrutiny over practices involving healthcare fraud affecting Medicare, Medicaid and other government healthcare programs. Furthermore, our relationships with pharmaceutical and medical-surgical product manufacturers and healthcare providers subject our business to laws and regulations on fraud and abuse, which among other things (1) prohibit persons from soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration in order to induce the referral of a patient for treatment or for inducing the ordering or purchasing of items or services that are in any way paid for by Medicare, Medicaid or other government-sponsored healthcare programs, (2) impose a number of restrictions upon referring physicians and providers of designated health services under Medicare and Medicaid programs and (3) prohibit the knowing submission of a false or fraudulent claim for payment to a federal health care program (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid). Legislative provisions relating to healthcare fraud and abuse give federal enforcement personnel substantially increased funding, powers and remedies to pursue suspected fraud and abuse. Many of the regulations applicable to us, including those relating to marketing incentives, are vague or indefinite and have not been interpreted by the courts. They may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could suffer civil and criminal penalties, including the loss of licenses or our ability to participate in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs. 53 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Claims Transmissions: Medical billing and collection activities are governed by numerous federal and state civil and criminal laws that pertain to companies that provide billing and collection services or that provide consulting services in connection with billing and collection activities. In connection with these laws, we may be subjected to federal or state government investigations and possible penalties may be imposed upon us, false claims actions may have to be defended, private payors may file claims against us and we may be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other government-funded healthcare programs. Any such proceeding or investigation could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. E-Prescribing: The use of our solutions by physicians for electronic prescribing, electronic routing of prescriptions to pharmacies and dispensing is governed by federal and state law. States have differing prescription format requirements, which we have programmed into our software. In addition, in November 2005, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the “HHS”) announced regulations by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) related to “E-Prescribing and the Prescription Drug Program” (“E-Prescribing Regulations”). These E-Prescribing Regulations were mandated by the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003. The E-Prescribing Regulations set forth standards for the transmission of electronic prescriptions. These standards are detailed and significant and cover not only transactions between prescribers and dispensers for prescriptions but also electronic eligibility, benefits inquiries, drug formulary and benefit coverage information. Our efforts to provide solutions that enable our clients to comply with these regulations could be time consuming and expensive. Reimbursements: Both our own profit margins and the profit margins of our customers may be adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals and/or medical treatments or services or changing the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined. For example, the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (“DRA”) was intended to reduce net Medicare and Medicaid spending by approximately $11 billion over five years. Effective January 1, 2007, the DRA changed the federal upper payment limit for Medicaid reimbursement from 150% of the lowest published price for generic pharmaceuticals (which is usually the average wholesale price) to 250% of the lowest average manufacturer price (“AMP”). On July 17, 2007, CMS published a final rule implementing these provisions and clarifying, among other things, the AMP calculation methodology and the DRA provision requiring manufacturers to publicly report AMP for branded and generic pharmaceuticals. On December 19, 2007, the United States District Court for the District of Columbia issued a preliminary injunction prohibiting use of the AMP calculation in connection with Medicaid reimbursement pending resolution of a lawsuit claiming that CMS had acted unlawfully in adopting the rule. On July 15, 2008, the U.S. Congress enacted the Medicaid Improvements for Patients and Providers Acts of 2008 (“MIPPA,”) which delays the adoption of CMS’s final rule and prevents CMS from publishing AMP data until October 1, 2009. We expect that the use of an AMP benchmark would result in a reduction in the Medicaid reimbursement rates to our customers for certain generic pharmaceuticals, which could indirectly impact the prices that we can charge our customers for generic pharmaceuticals and cause corresponding declines in our profitability. There can be no assurance that the changes under the DRA would not have an adverse impact on our business. Interoperability Standards: There is increasing demand among customers, industry groups and government authorities that healthcare software and systems provided by various vendors be compatible with each other. This need for interoperability is leading to the development of standards by various groups. The Certification Commission for Healthcare Information Technology (“CCHIT”) has developed a set of criteria defining levels of interoperability, functionality and security for the industry, which are still being modified and refined. Various federal, state and foreign government agencies are also developing standards that could become mandatory for systems purchased by these agencies. For example, the recently enacted American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 requires meaningful use of “certified” healthcare information technology products by healthcare providers in order to receive stimulus funds from the federal government, but the certification standards have not yet been established. We may incur increased development costs and delays in delivering solutions if we need to upgrade our software and systems to be in compliance with these varying and evolving standards. In addition, delays in promulgating these standards may result in postponement or cancellation of our customers’ decisions to purchase our products. 54 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Healthcare Industry Consolidation: In recent years, the pharmaceutical suppliers have been subject to increasing consolidation. As a result, a small number of very large companies control a significant share of the market. Accordingly, we depend on fewer suppliers for our products and we are less able to negotiate price terms with the suppliers. Many healthcare organizations have consolidated to create larger healthcare enterprises with greater market power. If this consolidation trend continues, it could reduce the size of our target market and give the resulting enterprises greater bargaining power, which may lead to erosion of the prices for our products and services. In addition, when healthcare organizations combine they often consolidate infrastructure including IT systems and acquisition of our clients could erode our revenue base. Healthcare Reform Legislation: In addition to many of the targeted environmental and policy issues outlined above, the national debate on whether and how to expand coverage to the uninsured, to improve the quality of care and to reduce health costs and healthcare inflation will, if enacted in whole or in part, impose major changes to the marketplace, some of which may impact either our results of operations or the manner in which we operate our business. Competition may erode our profit. In every area of healthcare distribution operations, our Distribution Solutions segment faces strong competition, both in price and service, from national, regional and local full-line, short-line and specialty wholesalers, service merchandisers, self-warehousing chains, manufacturers engaged in direct distribution and large payor organizations. In addition, this segment faces competition from various other service providers and from pharmaceutical and other healthcare manufacturers (as well as other potential customers of the segment) which may from time to time decide to develop, for their own internal needs, supply management capabilities which would otherwise be provided by the segment. Price, quality of service, and in some cases, convenience to the customer are generally the principal competitive elements in this segment. Our Technology Solutions segment experiences substantial competition from many firms, including other computer services firms, consulting firms, shared service vendors, certain hospitals and hospital groups, hardware vendors and Internet-based companies with technology applicable to the healthcare industry. Competition varies in size from small to large companies, in geographical coverage and in scope and breadth of products and services offered. These competitive pressures could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Our Distribution Solutions segment is subject to inflation in branded pharmaceutical prices and deflation in generic pharmaceutical prices, which subjects us to risks and uncertainties. Certain of our U.S. pharmaceutical distribution business’ agreements entered into with branded pharmaceutical manufacturers are partially inflation-based. A slowing in the frequency or rate of branded price increases could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, we also distribute generic pharmaceuticals, which are subject to price deflation. An acceleration of the frequency or size of generic price decreases could also have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Substantial defaults in payment, a material reduction in purchases or the loss of a large customer could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In recent years, a significant portion of our revenue growth has been with a limited number of large customers. During the year ended March 31, 2009, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52% of our total consolidated revenues. Sales to our two largest customers, Caremark and Rite Aid, represented approximately 14% and 12% of our 2009 total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2009, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers were approximately 49% of total accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from Caremark and Rite Aid were approximately 14% and 10% of total accounts receivable. We also have agreements with group purchasing organizations, each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of member hospitals, pharmacies and other healthcare providers. As a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. A default in payment, a material reduction in purchases or the loss of a large customer could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 55 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) We generally sell product to our customers on credit that is short-term in nature and unsecured. Any adverse change in general economic conditions can adversely reduce sales to our customers, affect consumer buying practices or cause our customers to delay or be unable to pay accounts receivable owed to us, which would reduce our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our profitability and cash flow. Further, interest rate fluctuations and changes in capital market conditions may affect our customers’ ability to obtain credit to finance their business under acceptable terms, which would reduce our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our profitability. Our Distribution Solutions segment is dependent upon sophisticated information systems. The implementation delay, malfunction or failure of these systems for any extended period of time could adversely affect our business. We rely on sophisticated information systems in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze and manage data to, (1) facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers, (2) receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis, (3) manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers and (4) process payments to suppliers. If these systems are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen events or fail for any extended period of time, we could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Reduced capacity in the commercial property insurance market exposes us to potential loss. In order to provide prompt and complete service to our major Distribution Solutions segment’s customers, we maintain significant product inventory at certain of our distribution centers. While we seek to maintain property insurance coverage in amounts sufficient for our business, there can be no assurance that our property insurance will be adequate or available on acceptable terms. One or more large casualty losses caused by fire, earthquake or other natural disaster in excess of our coverage limits could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. We could become subject to liability claims that are not adequately covered by our insurance and may have to pay damages and other expenses which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Our business exposes us to risks that are inherent in the distribution, manufacturing, dispensing of pharmaceuticals and medical-surgical supplies, the provision of ancillary services, the conduct of our payor businesses (which include disease management programs and our nurse triage services) and the provision of products that assist clinical decision-making and relate to patient medical histories and treatment plans. If customers assert liability claims against our products and/or services, any ensuing litigation, regardless of outcome, could result in a substantial cost to us, divert management’s attention from operations and decrease market acceptance of our products. We attempt to limit by contract our liability to customers; however, the limitations of liability set forth in the contracts may not be enforceable or may not otherwise protect us from liability for damages. We also maintain general liability coverage; however, this coverage may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims against us. In addition, the insurer might disclaim coverage as to any future claim. A successful product or professional liability claim not fully covered by our insurance could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. The failure of our healthcare technology businesses to attract and retain customers due to challenges in software product integration or to keep pace with technological advances may significantly reduce our revenues or increase our expenses. Our healthcare technology businesses, the bulk of which resides in our Technology Solutions segment, deliver enterprise-wide clinical, patient care, financial, supply chain, strategic management software solutions and pharmacy automation to hospitals, physicians, homecare providers, retail and mail order pharmacies and payors. Challenges in integrating software products could impair our ability to attract and retain customers and could have an adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations and a disproportionate impact on the results of operations of our Technology Solutions segment. 56 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Future advances in the healthcare information systems industry could lead to new technologies, products or services that are competitive with the technology products and services offered by our various businesses. Such technological advances could also lower the cost of such products and services or otherwise result in competitive pricing pressure or render our products obsolete. The success of our technology businesses will depend, in part, on our ability to be responsive to technological developments, legislative initiatives, pricing pressures and changing business models. To remain competitive in the evolving healthcare information systems marketplace, our technology businesses must also develop new products on a timely basis. The failure to develop competitive products and to introduce new products on a timely basis could curtail the ability of our technology businesses to attract and retain customers and thereby could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. The loss of third party licenses utilized by our technology businesses may adversely impact our operating results. We license the rights to use certain technologies from third-party vendors to incorporate in or complement our various healthcare technology products and solutions, which are primarily offered through our Technology Solutions segment. These licenses are generally nonexclusive, must be renewed periodically by mutual consent and may be terminated if we breach the terms of the license. As a result, we may have to discontinue, delay or reduce product shipments until we obtain equivalent technology, which could hurt our business. Our competitors may obtain the right to use any of the technology covered by these licenses and use the technology to compete directly with us. In addition, if our vendors choose to discontinue support of the licensed technology in the future, we may not be able to modify or adapt our own products. Proprietary technology protections may not be adequate and products may be found to infringe the rights of third parties. We rely on a combination of trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our proprietary rights in our products and solutions. There can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology. Although we believe that our products do not infringe the proprietary rights of third parties, from time to time third parties have asserted infringement claims against us and there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us in the future. If we were found to be infringing others’ rights, we may be required to pay substantial damage awards and forced to develop non-infringing technology, obtain a license or cease selling the products that contain the infringing technology. Additionally, we may find it necessary to initiate litigation to protect our trade secrets, to enforce our patent, copyright and trademark rights and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. These types of litigation can be costly and time consuming. These litigation expenses, damage payments or costs of developing replacement technology could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. System errors or failures of our products to conform to specifications could cause unforeseen liabilities. The software and software systems (“systems”) that we sell or operate are very complex. As with complex systems offered by others, our systems may contain errors, especially when first introduced. For example, our Technology Solutions segment’s business systems are intended to provide information for healthcare providers in providing patient care. Therefore, users of our systems have a greater sensitivity to errors than the general market for software products. Failure of a client’s system to perform in accordance with our documentation could constitute a breach of warranty and could require us to incur additional expense in order to make the system comply with the documentation. If such failure is not remedied in a timely manner, it could constitute a material breach under a contract, allowing the client to cancel the contract, obtain refunds of amounts previously paid or assert claims for significant damages. 57 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Various risks could interrupt customers’ access to their data residing in our service center, exposing us to significant costs. We provide remote hosting services that involve operating both our software and the software of third-party vendors for our customers. The ability to access the systems and the data that we host and support on demand is critical to our customers. Our operations and facilities are vulnerable to interruption and/or damage from a number of sources, many of which are beyond our control, including, without limitation, (1) power loss and telecommunications failures, (2) fire, flood, hurricane and other natural disasters, (3) software and hardware errors, failures or crashes and (4) computer viruses, hacking and similar disruptive problems. We attempt to mitigate these risks through various means including disaster recovery plans, separate test systems and change control and system security measures, but our precautions may not protect against all problems. If customers’ access is interrupted because of problems in the operation of our facilities, we could be exposed to significant claims, particularly if the access interruption is associated with problems in the timely delivery of medical care. We must maintain disaster recovery and business continuity plans that rely upon third-party providers of related services and if those vendors fail us at a time that our center is not operating correctly, we could incur a loss of revenue and liability for failure to fulfill our contractual service commitments. Any significant instances of system downtime could negatively affect our reputation and ability to sell our remote hosting services. Regulation of our distribution businesses and regulation of our computer-related products could impose increased costs, delay the introduction of new products and negatively impact our business. The healthcare industry is highly regulated. We are subject to various local, state, federal, foreign and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of the Drug Enforcement Administration (the “DEA”), the FDA, various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, the HHS, CMS and other comparable agencies. Certain of our subsidiaries may be required to register for permits and/or licenses with, and comply with operating and security standards of the DEA, the FDA, HHS, various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments and/or comparable state agencies as well as foreign agencies and certain accrediting bodies depending upon the type of operations and location of product distribution, manufacturing and sale. In addition, the FDA has increasingly focused on the regulation of computer products and computer-assisted products as medical devices under the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. If the FDA chooses to regulate any of our products as medical devices, it can impose extensive requirements upon us. If we fail to comply with the applicable requirements, the FDA could respond by imposing fines, injunctions or civil penalties, requiring recalls or product corrections, suspending production, refusing to grant pre-market clearance of products, withdrawing clearances and initiating criminal prosecution. Any final FDA policy governing computer products, once issued, may increase the cost and time to market new or existing products or may prevent us from marketing our products. We regularly receive requests for information and occasionally subpoenas from government authorities. Although we believe that we are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that a regulatory agency or tribunal would not reach a different conclusion concerning the compliance of our operations with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or renew existing permits, licenses or any other regulatory approvals or obtain without significant delay future permits, licenses or other approvals needed for the operation of our businesses. Any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits and licenses could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 58 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Regulations relating to confidentiality of sensitive personal information and to format and data content standards could depress the demand for our products and impose significant product redesign costs and unforeseen liabilities on us. State and federal laws regulate the confidentiality of patient records and the circumstances under which those records may be released. These regulations govern the disclosure and use of confidential patient medical record information and require the users of such information to implement specified security measures. Regulations currently in place governing electronic health data transmissions continue to evolve and are often unclear and difficult to apply. Although our systems have been updated and modified to comply with the current requirements of state laws and the Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, evolving laws and regulations in this area could restrict the ability of our customers to obtain, use or disseminate patient information or could require us to incur significant additional costs to re-design our products in a timely manner, either of which could have an adverse impact on our business. Furthermore, failure to maintain confidentiality of sensitive personal information in accordance with the applicable regulatory requirements could expose us to breach of contract claims, fines and penalties. The length of our sales and implementation cycles for our Technology Solutions segment could have an adverse impact on our future operating results. Many of the solutions offered by our Technology Solutions segment have long sales and implementation cycles, which could range from a few months to two years or more from initial contact with the customer to completion of implementation. How and when to implement, replace, or expand an information system, or modify or add business processes, are major decisions for healthcare organizations. Many of the solutions we provide typically require significant capital expenditures and time commitments by the customer. Recent legislation that provides incentives to purchase health information systems imposes strict conditions on these incentives, including the requirement that purchased systems must comply with applicable federally-endorsed standards. To the extent these standards are narrowly construed or delayed in publication, our customers may delay or cancel their purchase decisions. Any decision by our customers to delay or cancel implementation could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Furthermore, delays or failures to meet milestones established in our agreements may result in a breach of contract, termination of the agreement, damages and/or penalties as well as a reduction in our margins or a delay in our ability to recognize revenue. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired. We are required under GAAP to test our goodwill for impairment, annually or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Indicators that are considered include, but are not limited to, significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in the use of the assets, significant negative industry or economic trends or a significant decline in the Company’s stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. In addition, we periodically review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our intangible assets may not be recoverable include slower growth rates and the loss of a significant customer. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is determined. This could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. There are inherent uncertainties in management’s estimates, judgments and assumptions used in assessing recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets. Any changes in key assumptions, including failure to meet business plans, a further deterioration in the market or other unanticipated events and circumstances, may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates and could potentially result in an impairment charge. 59 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Our operating results and our financial condition may be adversely affected by foreign operations. We have operations based in foreign countries, including Canada, the United Kingdom, other European countries, Asia Pacific and Israel and we have a large investment in Mexico. In the future, we look to continue to grow our foreign operations both organically and through acquisitions and investments; however, increasing our foreign operations carries additional risks. Operations outside of the United States may be affected by changes in trade protection laws, policies, measures and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements for software, social, political, labor or economic conditions in a specific country or region; import/export regulations in both the United States and foreign countries and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations. Political changes and natural disasters, some of which may be disruptive, can interfere with our supply chain, our customers and all of our activities in a particular location. Additionally, foreign operations expose us to foreign currency fluctuations that could adversely impact our results of operations based on the movements of the applicable foreign currency exchange rates in relation to the U.S. dollar. Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our net earnings. We are a large multinational corporation with operations in the United States and international jurisdictions. As such, we are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the United States federal, state and local governments and of many international jurisdictions. From time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions. There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. In addition, United States federal, state and local, as well as international, tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. Although we believe that our historical tax positions are sound and consistent with applicable laws, regulations and existing precedent, there can be no assurance that these tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. Our business could be hindered if we are unable to complete and integrate acquisitions successfully. An element of our strategy is to identify, pursue and consummate acquisitions that either expand or complement our business. Integration of acquisitions involves a number of risks including the diversion of management’s attention to the assimilation of the operations of businesses we have acquired, difficulties in the integration of operations and systems, the realization of potential operating synergies, the assimilation and retention of the personnel of the acquired companies, challenges in retaining the customers of the combined businesses and potential adverse effects on operating results. In addition, we may potentially require additional financing in order to fund future acquisitions, which may or may not be attainable. If we are unable to successfully complete and integrate strategic acquisitions in a timely manner, our business and our growth strategies could be negatively affected. Continued volatility and disruption to the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our ability to access credit, our cost of credit and the financial soundness of our customers and suppliers. Recent volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets, including the bankruptcy or restructuring of certain financial institutions, reduced lending activity by other financial institutions, decreased liquidity and increased costs in the commercial paper market and the reduced market for securitizations, may adversely affect the availability and cost of credit already arranged and the availability, terms and cost of credit in the future, including any arrangements to renew or replace our current credit or financing arrangements. Although we believe that our operating cash flow, financial assets, current access to capital and credit markets, including our existing credit and sales facilities, will give us the ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no assurance that continued or increased volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing. 60 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL REVIEW (Concluded) Our $1.0 billion accounts receivable sales facility is generally renewed annually and will expire in June 2009. We used this facility in 2009 to fund working capital requirements, as needed. We will seek to renew this facility before it expires, although the fees associated with it may be higher than those currently charged due to the condition of the credit markets. Although we believe we will be able to renew this facility, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so. Our business could also be negatively impacted if our customers or suppliers experience disruptions resulting from tighter capital and credit markets or a slowdown in the general economy. As a result, customers may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase or implement our products or services and suppliers may increase their prices, reduce their output or change their terms of sale. Additionally, if customers’ or suppliers’ operating and financial performance deteriorates or if they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain credit, customers may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of accounts receivable owed to us and suppliers may restrict credit, impose different payment terms or be unable to make payments due to us for fees, returned products or incentives. Any inability of customers to pay us for our products and services or any demands by suppliers for different payment terms, may adversely affect the Company’s earnings and cash flow. Changes in accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our financial statements. Our financial statements are subject to the application of GAAP, which are periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the FASB and the SEC. It is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 61 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The management of Apex Health Distribution is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2009. Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and has also audited the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2009. This audit report appears on page 63 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. May 5, 2009 /s/ William Harrington William Harrington Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 62 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Stockholders and Board of Directors of Apex Health Distribution: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apex Health Distribution and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of March 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended March 31, 2009. Our audit also included the supplementary consolidated financial statement schedule (“financial statement schedule”) listed in the Index at Item 15(a). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company’s management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule, and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Apex Health Distribution and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2009 and 2008, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended March 31, 2009, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2009, based on the criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes- an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109, on April 1, 2007 and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 158, Employers’ Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans , on March 31, 2007. /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP Midland, Kansas May 5, 2009 63 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In millions, except per share amounts) Years Ended March 31, 2009 2008 2007 Revenues $ 106,632 $ 101,703 $ 92,977 Cost of Sales 101,254 96,694 88,645 Gross Profit 5,378 5,009 4,332 Operating Expenses Selling 743 744 673 Distribution 943 886 771 Research and development 364 347 284 Administrative 1,639 1,559 1,346 Litigation charge (credits), net 493 (5 ) (6 ) Total Operating Expenses 4,182 3,531 3,068 Operating Income 1,196 1,478 1,264 Other Income, Net 12 121 132 Interest Expense (144 ) (142 ) (99 ) Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 1,064 1,457 1,297 Income Tax Expense (241 ) (468 ) (329 ) Income from Continuing Operations 823 989 968 Discontinued operations, net — 1 (5 ) Discontinued operations — loss on sales, net — — (50 ) Net Income $ 823 $ 990 $ 913 Earnings Per Common Share Diluted Continuing operations $ 2.95 $ 3.32 $ 3.17 Discontinued operations, net — — (0.02 ) Discontinued operations — loss on sales, net — — (0.16 ) Total $ 2.95 $ 3.32 $ 2.99 Basic Continuing operations $ 2.99 $ 3.40 $ 3.25 Discontinued operations, net — — (0.02 ) Discontinued operations — loss on sales, net — — (0.17 ) Total $ 2.99 $ 3.40 $ 3.06 Weighted Average Shares Diluted 279 298 305 Basic 275 291 298 See Financial Notes 64 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except per share amounts) March 31, 2009 2008 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,109 $ 1,362 Receivables, net 7,774 7,213 Inventories, net 8,527 9,000 Prepaid expenses and other 261 211 Total 18,671 17,786 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 796 775 Capitalized Software Held for Sale, Net 221 199 Goodwill 3,528 3,345 Intangible Assets, Net 661 661 Other Assets 1,390 1,837 Total Assets $ 25,267 $ 24,603 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current Liabilities Drafts and accounts payable $ 11,739 $ 12,032 Deferred revenue 1,145 1,210 Current portion of long-term debt 219 2 Other accrued liabilities 2,503 2,104 Total 15,606 15,348 Long-Term Debt 2,290 1,795 Other Noncurrent Liabilities 1,178 1,339 Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 18) Stockholders’ Equity Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 100 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding — — Common stock, $0.01 par value Shares authorized: 2009 and 2008 — 800 Shares issued: 2009 — 351, 2008 — 351 4 4 Additional Paid-in Capital 4,417 4,252 Retained Earnings 6,103 5,586 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (179 ) 152 Other (8 ) (13 ) Treasury Shares, at Cost, 2009 — 80 and 2008 — 74 (4,144 ) (3,860 ) Total Stockholders’ Equity 6,193 6,121 Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity $ 25,267 $ 24,603 See Financial Notes 65 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Years Ended March 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 (In millions except per share amounts) Accumulated Common Additional Other ESOP Notes Treasury Other Stock Paid-in Other Retained Comprehensive and Common Stockholders’ Comprehensive Shares Amount Capital Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Guarantees Shares Amount Equity Income Balances, March 31, 2006 330 $ 3 $ 3,238 $ (75 ) $ 3,871 $ 55 $ (25 ) (26 ) $ (1,160 ) $ 5,907 Issuance of shares under employee plans 11 399 (2 ) 397 Share-based compensation 59 59 Tax benefit related to issuance of shares under employee plans 68 68 ESOP note collections 10 10 Notes rescinded 16 16 Translation adjustment 33 33 33 Net income 913 913 913 Repurchase of common stock (20 ) (1,000 ) (1,000 ) Cash dividends declared, $0.24 per common share (72 ) (72 ) Adjustment to initially apply FASB Statement No. 158, net of tax of $37 (63 ) (63 ) Other (42 ) 40 6 1 5 6 Balances, March 31, 2007 341 $ 3 $ 3,722 $ (19 ) $ 4,712 $ 31 $ (14 ) (46 ) $ (2,162 ) $ 6,273 $ 952 Issuance of shares under employee plans 10 1 354 (12 ) 343 Share-based compensation 91 91 Tax benefit related to issuance of shares under employee plans 85 85 ESOP note collections 11 11 Translation adjustment 95 95 95 Unrealized net gain/loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax of $(13) 26 26 26 Net income 990 990 990 Repurchase of common stock (28 ) (1,686 ) (1,686 ) Cash dividends declared, $0.24 per common share (70 ) (70 ) Adoption of FIN No. 48 (46 ) (46 ) Other 9 9 Balances, March 31, 2008 351 $ 4 $ 4,252 $ (10 ) $ 5,586 $ 152 $ (3 ) (74 ) $ (3,860 ) $ 6,121 $ 1,111 Issuance of shares under employee plans 4 97 (19 ) 78 ESOP funding 15 15 Share-based compensation 99 99 Tax benefit related to issuance of shares under employee plans 8 8 ESOP note collections 2 2 Translation adjustment (273 ) (273 ) (273 ) Unrealized net gain/loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax of $33 (57 ) (57 ) (57 ) Net income 823 823 823 Repurchase and retirement of common stock (4 ) (39 ) (165 ) (6 ) (280 ) (484 ) Cash dividends declared, $0.48, per common share (134 ) (134 ) Other 3 (7 ) (1 ) (5 ) Balances, March 31, 2009 351 $ 4 $ 4,417 $ (7 ) $ 6,103 $ (179 ) $ (1 ) (80 ) $ (4,144 ) $ 6,193 $ 493 See Financial Notes 66 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions) Years Ended March 31, 2009 2008 2007 Operating Activities Net income $ 823 $ 990 $ 913 Discontinued operations, net of income taxes — (1 ) 55 Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation 133 124 112 Amortization 308 247 183 Provision for bad debts 29 41 24 Litigation charge (credits), net 493 (5 ) (6 ) Deferred taxes (benefits) on Litigation charge (credits), net (172 ) 2 2 Impairment of investments 63 — — Other deferred taxes 320 196 165 Income tax reserve reversals (87 ) — (83 ) Share-based compensation expense 99 91 60 Excess tax benefit from share-based payment arrangements (8 ) (83 ) (70 ) Other non-cash items (4 ) (24 ) (66 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of business acquisitions: Receivables (708 ) (288 ) (209 ) Inventories 370 (676 ) (928 ) Drafts and accounts payable (189 ) 762 872 Deferred revenue (55 ) 98 181 Taxes (47 ) 336 227 Consolidated Securities Litigation Action settlement payments — (962 ) (25 ) Other (17 ) 21 132 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,351 869 1,539 Investing Activities Property acquisitions (195 ) (195 ) (126 ) Capitalized software expenditures (197 ) (161 ) (180 ) Acquisitions of businesses, less cash and cash equivalents acquired (358 ) (610 ) (1,938 ) Proceeds from sale of businesses 63 — 179 Restricted cash for Litigation charges (55 ) 962 — Other 15 (1 ) (43 ) Net cash used in investing activities (727 ) (5 ) (2,108 ) Financing Activities Proceeds from short-term borrowings 3,630 260 1,000 Repayments of short-term borrowings (3,630 ) (260 ) (1,000 ) Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt, net 699 — 997 Repayment of long-term debt (4 ) (162 ) (31 ) Capital stock transactions: Issuances 97 354 399 Share repurchases, including shares surrendered for tax withholding (298 ) (1,698 ) (1,003 ) Share repurchases, retirements (204 ) — — Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements 8 83 70 Dividends paid (116 ) (70 ) (72 ) Other (4 ) 23 19 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 178 (1,470 ) 379 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (55 ) 14 5 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 747 (592 ) (185 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 1,362 1,954 2,139 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 2,109 $ 1,362 $ 1,954 See Financial Notes 67 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES 1. Significant Accounting Policies Apex Health Distribution (“Apex Health Distribution,” the “Company,” or “we” and other similar pronouns) is a corporation providing supply, information and care management products and services designed to reduce costs and improve quality across the healthcare industry. Basis of Presentation: The consolidated financial statements of Apex Health Distribution include the financial statements of all wholly-owned subsidiaries, majority-owned or controlled companies and certain immaterial variable interest entities (“VIEs”) of which we are the primary beneficiary. Significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. The Company’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. We conduct our business through two segments, Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions as further described in Financial Note 22, “Segments of Business.” Reclassifications: Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. Use of Estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual amounts could differ from those estimated amounts. Cash and Cash Equivalents: All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition are included in cash and cash equivalents. Included in cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2009, are money market fund investments of $1.7 billion which are reported at fair value. The fair value of these investments was determined by using quoted prices for identical investments in active markets which are considered to be Level 1 inputs under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 157, “Fair Value Measurements.” The carrying value of all other cash equivalents approximates fair value due to their relatively short-term nature. We maintain cash and cash equivalents with several financial institutions. Bank deposits may exceed the amount of federal deposit insurance. Cash equivalents may be invested in money market funds. We mitigate the risk of our short-term investment portfolio by investing the majority of funds in U.S. government securities, depositing funds with reputable financial institutions and monitoring risk profiles and investment strategies of money market funds. Restricted Cash : Cash that is subject to legal restrictions or is unavailable for general operating purposes is classified as restricted cash and included within prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. Marketable Securities Available for Sale: We carry our marketable securities which are available for sale at fair value and the net unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, computed in marking these securities to market have been reported within stockholders’ equity. At March 31, 2009 and 2008, marketable securities were not material. 68 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Concentrations of Credit Risk and Receivables: Our trade receivables subject us to a concentration of credit risk with customers primarily in our Distribution Solutions segment. At March 31, 2009, revenues and accounts receivable from our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52% of consolidated revenues and approximately 49% of accounts receivable. At March 31, 2009, revenues and accounts receivable from our two largest customers, CVS Caremark Corporation and Rite Aid Corporation, represented approximately 14% and 12% of total consolidated revenues and 14% and 10% of accounts receivable. Accordingly, any defaults in payment by or a reduction in purchases from our large customers could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, trade receivables are subject to a concentration of credit risk with customers in the institutional, retail and healthcare provider sectors, which can be affected by a downturn in the economy and changes in reimbursement policies. This credit risk is mitigated by the size and diversity of the customer base as well as its geographic dispersion. We estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and ongoing evaluations of the creditworthiness of our customers. An allowance is recorded in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts. Inventories: We state inventories at the lower of cost or market (“LCM.”) Inventories for our Distribution Solutions segment consist of merchandise held for resale. For our Distribution Solutions segment, the majority of the cost of domestic inventories is determined on the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method and Canadian inventories are stated using the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method. Technology Solutions segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost determined by the standard cost method. Rebates, fees, cash discounts, allowances, chargebacks and other incentives received from vendors are generally accounted for as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized when the inventory is sold. Total inventories were $8.5 billion and $9.0 billion at March 31, 2009 and 2008. The LIFO method was used to value approximately 88% of our inventories at March 31, 2009 and 2008. At March 31, 2009 and 2008, our LIFO reserves, net of LCM adjustments (discussed below), were $85 million and $77 million. LIFO reserves include both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products. In 2009, 2008 and 2007, we recognized net LIFO expense of $8 million and net LIFO credits of $14 million and $64 million within our consolidated statements of operations. A LIFO expense is recognized when the net effect of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory exceeds the impact of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceutical products, including the effect of branded pharmaceutical products that have lost market exclusivity. A LIFO credit is recognized when the impact of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceutical products exceeds the impact of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory. We believe that the FIFO inventory costing method provides a reasonable estimation of the current cost of replacing inventory (i.e., “market”). As such, our LIFO inventory is valued at the lower of LIFO or inventory as valued under FIFO. Primarily due to continued deflation in generic pharmaceutical inventories, pharmaceutical inventories at LIFO were $107 million and $43 million higher than FIFO as of March 31, 2009 and 2008. As a result, in 2009 and 2008, we recorded LCM charges of $64 million and $43 million within our consolidated statements of operations to adjust our LIFO inventories to market. Property, Plant and Equipment: We state our property, plant and equipment at cost and depreciate them under the straight-line method at rates designed to distribute the cost of properties over estimated service lives ranging from one to 30 years. 69 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Capitalized Software Held for Sale: Development costs for software held for sale, which primarily pertain to our Technology Solutions segment, are capitalized once a project has reached the point of technological feasibility. Completed projects are amortized after reaching the point of general availability using the straight-line method based on an estimated useful life of approximately three years. We monitor the net realizable value of capitalized software held for sale to ensure that the investment will be recovered through future sales. Additional information regarding our capitalized software expenditures is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Amounts capitalized $ 74 $ 73 $ 76 Amortization expense 50 44 43 Third-party royalty fees paid 50 52 43 Goodwill: Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Impairment testing is conducted at the reporting unit level, which is generally defined as a component, one level below our Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions operating segments, for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that unit. Components that have essentially similar operations, products, services and customers are aggregated as a single reporting unit. Impairment tests require that we first compare the carrying value of net assets to the estimated fair value of net assets for the reporting units. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, a second step is performed to calculate the amount of impairment, which would be recorded as a charge in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of a reporting unit is based upon a number of considerations including projections of revenues, earnings and discounted cash flows and determination of market value multiples for similar businesses or guideline companies whose securities are actively traded in public markets. The discount rate used for cash flows reflects capital market conditions and the specific risks associated with the business. In addition, we compare the aggregate of the reporting units’ fair value to the Company’s market capitalization as a further corroboration of the fair value. The testing requires a complex series of assumptions and judgment by management in projecting future operating results, selecting guideline companies for comparisons and assessing risks. The use of alternative assumptions and estimates could affect the fair values and change the impairment determinations. Other than our goodwill impairment relating to the disposition of our Acute Care business (see Financial Note 7, “Discontinued Operations,”) there have been no goodwill impairments during the years presented. Intangible assets: Substantially all of our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are amortized over their estimated period of benefit, ranging from one to fifteen years. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets periodically and take into account events or circumstances that warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate that impairment exists. No material impairments of intangible assets have been identified during any of the years presented. Capitalized Software Held for Internal Use: We capitalize costs of software held for internal use during the application development stage of a project and amortize those costs over the assets’ estimated useful lives ranging from one to ten years. As of March 31, 2009 and 2008, capitalized software held for internal use was $475 million and $458 million, net of accumulated amortization of $567 million and $467 million and was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 70 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Insurance Programs: Under our insurance programs, we seek to obtain coverage for catastrophic exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. It is our policy to retain a significant portion of certain losses primarily related to workers’ compensation and comprehensive general, product and vehicle liability. Provisions for losses expected under these programs are recorded based upon our estimate of the aggregate liability for claims incurred as well as for claims incurred but not yet reported. Such estimates utilize certain actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry. Revenue Recognition: Revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment are recognized when we deliver product and title passes to the customer or when services have been rendered and there are no further obligations to customers. Revenues are recorded net of sales returns, allowances, rebates and other incentives. Our sales return policy generally allows customers to return products only if they can be resold for value or returned to suppliers for full credit. We accrue sales returns based on estimates at the time of sale to the customer. Sales returns from customers were approximately $1,216 million, $1,093 million and $1,113 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented on a net basis; that is, they are excluded from revenues. The revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment include large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to a limited number of large customers who warehouse their own product. We order bulk product from the manufacturer, receive and process the product through our central distribution facility and deliver the bulk product (generally in the same form as received from the manufacturer) directly to our customers’ warehouses. Sales to customers’ warehouses amounted to $25.8 billion in 2009, $27.7 billion in 2008 and $27.6 billion in 2007. We also record revenues for direct store deliveries from most of these same customers. Direct store deliveries are shipments from the manufacturer to our customers of a limited category of products that require special handling. We assume the primary liability to the manufacturer for these products. Based on the criteria of Emerging Issues Task Force (“EITF”) Issue No. 99-19, “Reporting Revenue Gross as a Principal Versus Net as an Agent,” our revenues are recorded gross when we are the primary party obligated in the transaction, take title to and possession of the inventory, are subject to inventory risk, have latitude in establishing prices, assume the risk of loss for collection from customers as well as delivery or return of the product, are responsible for fulfillment and other customer service requirements, or the transactions have several but not all of these indicators. Revenues for our Technology Solutions segment are generated primarily by licensing software systems (consisting of software, hardware and maintenance support), and providing outsourcing and professional services. Revenue for this segment is recognized as follows: Software systems are marketed under information systems agreements as well as service agreements. Perpetual software arrangements are recognized at the time of delivery or under the percentage-of-completion method based on the terms and conditions in the contract. Contracts accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method are generally measured based on the ratio of labor costs incurred to date to total estimated labor costs to be incurred. Changes in estimates to complete and revisions in overall profit estimates on these contracts are charged to earnings in the period in which they are determined. We accrue for contract losses if and when the current estimate of total contract costs exceeds total contract revenue. 71 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Hardware revenues are generally recognized upon delivery. Revenue from multi-year software license agreements is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. Software implementation fees are recognized as the work is performed or under the percentage-of-completion contract method. Maintenance and support agreements are marketed under annual or multi-year agreements and are recognized ratably over the period covered by the agreements. Remote processing service fees are recognized monthly as the service is performed. Outsourcing service revenues are recognized as the service is performed. We also offer our products on an application service provider (“ASP”) basis, making available our software functionality on a remote hosting basis from our data centers. The data centers provide system and administrative support, as well as hosting services. Revenue on products sold on an ASP basis is recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the contract starting when the hosting services begin. This segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain any combination of software, hardware, implementation or consulting services, or maintenance services. When some elements are delivered prior to others in an arrangement and vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value (“VSOE”) exists for the undelivered elements, revenue for the delivered elements is recognized upon delivery of such items. The segment establishes VSOE for hardware and implementation and consulting services based on the price charged when sold separately, and for maintenance services, based on renewal rates offered to customers. Revenue for the software element is recognized under the residual method only when fair value has been established for all of the undelivered elements in an arrangement. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement’s revenue is deferred until the delivery of the last element or until the fair value of the undelivered element is determinable. Our Technology Solutions segment also includes revenues from disease management programs provided to various states’ Medicaid programs. These service contracts include provisions for achieving certain cost-savings and clinical targets. If the targets are not met, a portion, or all, of the revenue must be refunded to the customer. We recognize revenue during the term of the contract by assessing our actual performance compared to targets and then determining the amount the customer would be legally obligated to pay if the contract terminated at that point. These assessments include estimates of medical claims and other data, which could require future adjustment because there is generally a significant time delay between recording the accrual and the final settlement of the contract. If data is insufficient to assess performance or we have not met the targets, we defer recognition of the revenue. As of March 31, 2009 and 2008, we had deferred $82 million and $81 million related to these contracts, which was included in deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. We generally have been successful in achieving performance goals under these contracts. Supplier Incentives: We generally account for fees for service and other incentives received from our suppliers, relating to the purchase or distribution of inventory, as a reduction to cost of goods sold. We consider these fees to represent product discounts and as a result, the fees are recorded as a reduction of product cost and recognized through cost of goods sold upon the sale of the related inventory. Supplier Reserves: We establish reserves against amounts due from our suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them. These reserve estimates are established based on our judgment after carefully considering the status of current outstanding claims, historical experience with the suppliers, the specific incentive programs and any other pertinent information available to us. We evaluate the amounts due from our suppliers on a continual basis and adjust the reserve estimates when appropriate based on changes in factual circumstances. The ultimate outcome of any outstanding claim may be different than our estimate. As of March 31, 2009 and 2008, supplier reserves were $113 million and $82 million. 72 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Income Taxes: We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon effective settlements. Deferred taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of our foreign operations that are considered to be permanently reinvested. Foreign Currency Translation: Our international subsidiaries generally consider their local currency to be their functional currency. Assets and liabilities of these international subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year. Cumulative currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses in the stockholders’ equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. Realized gains and losses from currency exchange transactions are recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and were not material to our consolidated results of operations in 2009, 2008 or 2007. Derivative Financial Instruments: Derivative financial instruments are used principally in the management of our foreign currency and interest rate exposures and are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. If the derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses and are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations when the hedged item affects earnings. We periodically evaluate hedge effectiveness and ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. Derivative instruments not designated as hedges are marked-to-market at the end of each accounting period with the results included in earnings. Accounts Receivable Sales: At March 31, 2009, we had a $1.0 billion revolving receivables sales facility. Through this facility, Apex Health Distribution sells certain U.S. Pharmaceutical trade accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary which then sells these receivables to a special purpose entity (“SPE”), which is a wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary of Apex Health Distribution that is consolidated in our financial statements. This SPE then sells undivided interests in the receivables to third-party purchaser groups, each of which includes commercial paper conduits (“Conduits”), which are special purpose corporations administered by financial institutions. Sales of undivided interests in the receivables by the SPE to the Conduits are accounted for as a sale in accordance with SFAS No. 140, “Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities,” because we have relinquished control of the receivables. Accordingly, accounts receivable sold under these transactions are excluded from receivables, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Receivables sold and receivables retained by the Company are carried at face value, which due to the short-term nature of our accounts receivable and terms of the facility, approximates fair value. Apex Health Distribution receives cash in the amount of the face value for the receivables sold. No gain or loss is recorded upon sale as fee charges from the Conduits are based upon a floating yield rate and the period the undivided interests remain outstanding. Fee charges from the Conduits are accrued at the end of each month and are recorded in administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Should we default under the accounts receivable sales facility, the Conduits are entitled to receive only collections on receivables owned by the SPE. 73 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) We continue servicing the receivables sold. No servicing asset is recorded at the time of sale because we do not receive any servicing fees from third parties or other income related to servicing the receivables. We do not record any servicing liability at the time of sale as the receivables collection period is relatively short and the costs of servicing the receivables sold over the servicing period are insignificant. Servicing costs are recognized as incurred over the servicing period. See Financial Note 12, “Long-Term Debt and Other Financing,” for additional information. Share-Based Payment: We account for all share-based payment transactions using a fair-value based measurement method. The share-based compensation expense is recognized, for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for those awards with graded vesting and service conditions. For awards with performance conditions and multiple vest dates, we recognize the expense on a graded vesting. For awards with performance conditions and a single vest date, we recognize the expense on a straight-line basis. The compensation expense recognized has been classified in the consolidated statements of operations or capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets in the same manner as cash compensation paid to our employees. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements: On April 1, 2007, we adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation (“FIN”) No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes.” Among other things, FIN No. 48 requires application of a “more likely than not” threshold for the recognition and derecognition of tax positions. It further requires that a change in judgment related to prior years’ tax positions be recognized in the quarter of such change. The April 1, 2007 adoption of FIN No. 48 resulted in a reduction of our retained earnings by $46 million. Effective March 31, 2007, we adopted SFAS No. 158, “Employers’ Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans.” SFAS No. 158 requires the recognition of an asset or a liability in the consolidated balance sheets reflecting the funded status of pension and other postretirement benefits, with current year changes in the funded status recognized in stockholders’ equity. SFAS No. 158 did not change the existing criteria for measurement of periodic benefit costs, plan assets or benefit obligations. Additionally, SFAS No. 158 requires that the measurement of defined benefit plan assets and obligations be performed as of the Company’s fiscal year-end. The measurement date provision of SFAS No. 158 was adopted in the fourth quarter of 2009 and did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued SFAS No. 157, “Fair Value Measurements,” which provides a consistent definition of fair value that focuses on exit price and prioritizes the use of market-based inputs over entity-specific inputs for measuring fair value. SFAS No. 157 requires expanded disclosures about fair value measurements and establishes a three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements. In February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (“FSP”) Financial Accounting Standard (“FAS”) No. 157-1, “Application of FASB Statement No. 157 to FASB Statement No. 13 and Other Accounting Pronouncements That Address Fair Value Measurements for Purposes of Lease Classification or Measurement under Statement 13,” which removes leasing from the scope of SFAS No. 157. In February 2008, the FASB also issued FSP FAS No. 157-2, “Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157,” which permits companies to partially defer the effective date of SFAS No. 157 for one year for nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the consolidated financial statements on a nonrecurring basis. On April 1, 2008, we adopted SFAS No. 157 for financial assets and financial liabilities and for nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities that are remeasured at least annually. We have elected to defer adoption of SFAS No. 157 for one year for nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a nonrecurring basis. Accordingly, we have not applied the provisions of SFAS No. 157 for the fair value measurement of the nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities that we recorded in connection with our business acquisitions during the year. The provisions of SFAS No. 157 are applied prospectively. The adoption of SFAS No. 157 on April 1, 2008 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and no adjustment to retained earnings was required. We will adopt the provision of SFAS No. 157 regarding nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a nonrecurring basis on April 1, 2009. We do not expect the adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 74 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) On October 10, 2008, we adopted FSP No. FAS 157-3, “Determining the Fair Value of a Financial Asset When the Market for That Asset Is Not Active,” which applies to financial assets within the scope of accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements in accordance with SFAS No. 157. This FSP clarifies the application of SFAS No. 157 and defines additional key criteria in determining the fair value of a financial asset when the market for that financial asset is not active. The adoption of this FSP did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. On April 1, 2008, we adopted SFAS No. 159, “The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, including an amendment of FASB Statement No. 115.” SFAS No. 159 permits us to elect fair value as the initial and subsequent measurement attribute for certain financial assets and liabilities that are not otherwise required to be measured at fair value on an instrument-by-instrument basis. If we elect the fair value option, we would be required to recognize subsequent changes in fair value in our earnings. This standard also establishes presentation and disclosure requirements designed to improve comparisons between entities that choose different measurement attributes for similar types of assets and liabilities. While SFAS No. 159 became effective for us in 2009, we did not elect the fair value measurement option for any of our existing assets and liabilities and accordingly, SFAS No. 159 did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements. We could elect this option for new or substantially modified assets and liabilities in the future. On April 1, 2008, we adopted SFAS No. 161, “Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities — an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133.” This statement requires enhanced disclosures about (1) how and why an entity uses derivative instruments, (2) how derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted for under SFAS No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities” and its related interpretations and (3) how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity’s financial position, financial performance and cash flows. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. On October 1, 2008, we adopted FSP No. FAS 133-1 and FIN No. 45-4, “Disclosures about Credit Derivatives and Certain Guarantees: An Amendment of FAS No. 133 and FIN No. 45; and Clarification of the Effective Date of FAS No. 161.” The adoption of this standard did not have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. On November 15, 2008, we adopted SFAS No. 162, “The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.” This statement identifies the sources of accounting principles and the framework for selecting the principles to be used in the preparation of financial statements of nongovernmental entities that are presented in conformity with GAAP. While this statement formalizes the sources and hierarchy of GAAP within the authoritative accounting literature, it did not change the accounting principles that were already in place. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. On December 31, 2008, we adopted FSP No. FAS 140-4 and FIN No. 46(R)-8, “Disclosures by Public Entities (Enterprises) about Transfers of Financial Assets and Interests in Variable Interest Entities.” This FSP amends SFAS No. 140, “Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities,” and FIN No. 46 (revised December 2003), “Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities,” to require enhanced disclosures by public entities in understanding the extent of a transferor’s continuing involvement with transferred financial assets and an enterprise’s involvement with VIEs. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 75 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Newly Issued Accounting Pronouncements: In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), “Business Combinations.” SFAS No. 141(R) amends SFAS No. 141, “Business Combinations” and provides revised guidance for recognizing and measuring identifiable assets and goodwill acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree. Additionally, this SFAS provides disclosure requirements to enable users of the financial statements to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS No. 141(R) is effective for all business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after April 1, 2009 with the exception of the accounting for valuation allowances on deferred taxes and acquired tax contingencies. SFAS No. 141(R) amends SFAS No. 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes,” such that adjustments made to valuation allowances on deferred taxes and acquired tax contingencies related to acquisitions prior to the effective date of SFAS No. 141(R) are also required to apply the provisions of this standard. Early adoption of this SFAS was not permitted. This SFAS will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption; however, the SFAS will have an impact on any future acquisitions. In April 2009, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 141(R)-1, “Accounting for Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed in a Business Combination That Arise from Contingencies.” FSP No. FAS 141(R)-1 amends and clarifies SFAS No. 141(R) to address application issues raised on the initial recognition and measurement, subsequent measurement and accounting and disclosure of assets and liabilities arising from contingencies in a business combination. This FSP applies to all assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination that arise from contingencies that would be within the scope of SFAS No. 5, “Accounting for Contingencies,” if not acquired or assumed in a business combination, except for assets or liabilities arising from contingencies that are subject to specific guidance in SFAS No. 141(R). For us, FSP No. FAS 141(R)-1 will be effective for assets and liabilities arising from contingencies in business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after April 1, 2009. This FSP will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption; however, the FSP will have an impact on any future acquisitions. In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements — an amendment of ARB No. 51.” This statement requires reporting entities to present noncontrolling interests as equity (as opposed to a liability or mezzanine equity) and provides guidance on the accounting for transactions between an entity and noncontrolling interests. This SFAS becomes effective for us on April 1, 2009. This SFAS will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption; however, the SFAS may have an impact on any future investments or divestitures of our investments. In April 2008, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 142-3, “Determination of the Useful Life of Intangible Assets.” FSP No. FAS 142-3 amends the factors that should be considered in developing renewal or extension assumptions used to determine the useful life of a recognized intangible asset under SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.” This FSP becomes effective for us on April 1, 2009. We do not currently anticipate that this FSP will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. In June 2008, the FASB issued FSP No. EITF 03-6-1, “Determining Whether Instruments Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions Are Participating Securities.” FSP No. EITF 03-6-1 concluded that unvested share-based payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (whether paid or unpaid) are participating securities and shall be included in the computation of basic earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. This FSP becomes effective for us on April 1, 2009. Early adoption of the FSP was not permitted; however, it will apply retrospectively to our earnings per share as previously reported. We do not currently anticipate that this FSP will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. In December 2008, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 132(R)-1, “Employers’ Disclosures about Postretirement Benefit Plan Assets.” FSP No. FAS 132(R)-1 amends FAS No. 132 (revised 2003), “Employers’ Disclosures about Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits,” to provide guidance on an employer’s disclosures about plan assets of a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan. This FSP will become effective for us in 2010. We do not currently anticipate that this SFAS will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 76 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) In April 2009, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 107-1 and Accounting Principles Board (“APB”) Opinion No. 28-1, “Interim Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments.” FSP No. FAS 107-1 and APB Opinion No. 28-1 amends FASB Statement No. 107, “Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments,” to require disclosures about fair value of financial instruments for interim reporting periods as well as in annual financial statements. This FSP also amends APB Opinion No. 28, “Interim Financial Reporting,” to require those disclosures in interim financial statements. FSP No. FAS 107-1 and APB Opinion No. 28-1 does not require disclosures for earlier periods presented for comparative purposes at initial adoption. This FSP becomes effective for us on June 30, 2009. We do not currently anticipate that this FSP will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. In April 2009, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 157-4, “Determining Fair Value When the Volume and Level of Activity for the Asset or Liability Have Significantly Decreased and Identifying Transactions That Are Not Orderly.” FSP No. FAS 157-4 provides additional guidance for estimating fair value in accordance with SFAS No. 157 when the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability have significantly decreased. Additionally, this FSP provides guidance on identifying circumstances that indicate a transaction is not orderly. Retrospective application of this FSP to a prior interim or annual reporting period was not permitted. This FSP becomes effective for us on June 30, 2009. We do not currently anticipate that this FSP will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 2. Acquisitions and Investment In 2009, we made the following acquisition: – On May 21, 2008, we acquired McQueary Brothers Drug Company (“McQueary Brothers”) of Springfield, Missouri for approximately $190 million. McQueary Brothers is a regional distributor of pharmaceutical, health and beauty products to independent and regional chain pharmacies in the Midwestern U.S. This acquisition expanded our existing U.S. pharmaceutical distribution business. The acquisition was funded with cash on hand. Financial results for McQueary Brothers have been included within our Distribution Solutions segment since the date of acquisition. The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: (In millions) Accounts receivable $ 37 Inventory 41 Goodwill 126 Intangible assets 67 Other assets 11 Accounts payable and other liabilities (60 ) Deferred tax liability (32 ) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 190 Approximately $126 million of the purchase price allocation has been assigned to goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits from synergies to be realized upon integrating the business. Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $61 million representing a customer relationship with a useful life of 7 years, a trade name of $2 million with a useful life of less than one year and a not-to-compete agreement of $4 million with a useful life of 4 years. 77 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) In 2008, we made the following acquisition: – On October 29, 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Oncology Therapeutics Network (“OTN”) of Midland, Kansas for approximately $519 million, including the assumption of debt and net of $31 million of cash and cash equivalents acquired from OTN. OTN is a U.S. distributor of specialty pharmaceuticals. The acquisition of OTN expanded our existing specialty pharmaceutical distribution business. The acquisition was funded with cash on hand. Financial results of OTN have been included within our Distribution Solutions segment since the date of acquisition. The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: (In millions) Accounts receivable $ 308 Inventory 87 Goodwill 240 Intangible assets 128 Deferred tax assets 62 Other assets 36 Accounts payable (311 ) Other liabilities (31 ) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 519 Approximately $240 million of the purchase price allocation has been assigned to goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits from synergies upon integrating the business. Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $115 million representing customer relationships with a weighted-average life of 9 years, developed technology of $3 million with a weighted-average life of 4 years and trademarks and trade names of $10 million with a weighted-average life of 5 years. In 2007, we made the following acquisitions and investment: – On January 26, 2007, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Per-Se Technologies, Inc. (“Per-Se”) of Alpharetta, Georgia for $28.00 per share in cash plus the assumption of Per-Se’s debt, or approximately $1.8 billion in aggregate, including cash acquired of $76 million. Per-Se is a leading provider of financial and administrative healthcare solutions for hospitals, physicians and retail pharmacies. The acquisition of Per-Se is consistent with the Company’s strategy of providing products that help solve clinical, financial and business processes within the healthcare industry. The acquisition was initially funded with cash on hand and through the use of an interim credit facility. In March 2007, we issued $1 billion of long-term debt, with such net proceeds after offering expenses from the issuance, together with cash on hand, being used to fully repay borrowings outstanding under the interim credit facility (refer to Financial Note 12, “Long-Term Debt and Other Financing”). Financial results for Per-Se are primarily included within our Technology Solutions segment. 78 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: (In millions) Accounts receivable $ 107 Property and equipment 41 Other current and noncurrent assets 115 Goodwill 1,258 Intangible assets 471 Accounts payable (8 ) Other current liabilities (126 ) Deferred revenue (30 ) Long-term liabilities (96 ) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 1,732 Approximately $1,258 million of the purchase price allocation has been assigned to goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits from synergies upon integrating the business. Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $402 million representing customer relationships with a weighted-average life of 10 years, developed technology of $56 million with a weighted-average life of 5 years, and trademark and trade names of $13 million with a weighted-average life of 5 years. In connection with the purchase price allocation, we have estimated the fair value of the support obligations assumed from Per-Se in connection with the acquisition. The estimated fair value of these obligations was determined utilizing a cost build-up approach. The cost build-up approach determines fair value by estimating the costs relating to fulfilling the obligations plus a normal profit margin. The sum of the costs and operating profit approximates, in theory, the amount that we would be required to pay a third party to assume these obligations. As a result, in allocating the purchase price, we recorded an adjustment to reduce the carrying value of Per-Se’s deferred revenue by $17 million to $30 million, which represents our estimate of the fair value of the obligation assumed. – Our Technology Solutions segment acquired MedLink Corporation (“MedLink”) based in Emeryville, California. MedLink is a provider of secure online healthcare communication services linking patients, healthcare professionals, payors and pharmacies. This segment also acquired two other entities, one specializing in patient billing solutions designed to simplify and enhance healthcare providers’ financial interactions with their patients as well as a provider of integrated software for electronic health records, medical billing and appointment scheduling for independent physician practices. The total cost of these three entities was $90 million, which was paid in cash. Goodwill recognized in these transactions amounted to $63 million. – Our Distribution Solutions segment acquired Sterling Medical Services, LLC (“Sterling”) which is based in Moorestown, New Jersey. Sterling is a national provider and distributor of disposable medical supplies, health management services and quality management programs to the home care market. This segment also acquired a medical supply sourcing agent. The total cost of these two entities was $95 million, which was paid in cash. Goodwill recognized in these transactions amounted to $47 million. – We contributed $36 million in cash and $45 million in net assets primarily from our Pharmacy Systems and Automation business to Parata Systems, LLC (“Parata,”) in exchange for a significant minority interest in Parata. Parata is a manufacturer of pharmacy robotic equipment. In connection with the investment, we abandoned certain assets which resulted in a $15 million charge to cost of sales and we incurred $6 million of other expenses related to the transaction which were recorded within operating expenses. We did not recognize any additional gains or losses as a result of this transaction as we believed the fair value of our investment in Parata approximated the carrying value of consideration contributed to Parata. 79 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) During the last three years, we also completed a number of other smaller acquisitions and investments within both of our operating segments. Financial results for our business acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates. Purchase prices for our business acquisitions have been allocated based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition and for certain recent acquisitions, may be subject to change as we continue to evaluate and implement various restructuring initiatives. Goodwill recognized for our business acquisitions is generally not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Pro forma results of operations for our business acquisitions have not been presented because the effects were not material to the consolidated financial statements on either an individual or an aggregate basis. 3. Share-Based Payment We provide share-based compensation for our employees, officers and non-employee directors, including stock options, an employee stock purchase plan, restricted stock (“RS”), restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and performance-based restricted stock units (“PeRSUs”) (collectively, “share-based awards.”) On April 1, 2006, we adopted SFAS No. 123(R), “Share-Based Payment.” Accordingly, we began to recognize compensation expense for the fair value of share-based awards granted, modified, repurchased or cancelled from April 1, 2006 forward. Compensation expense is recognized for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest. For the unvested portion of awards issued prior to and outstanding as of April 1, 2006, the expense is recognized at the grant-date fair value as the remaining requisite service is rendered. We develop an estimate of the number of share-based awards which will ultimately vest primarily based on historical experience. The estimated forfeiture rate established upon grant is re-assessed throughout the requisite service period. As required, the forfeiture estimates will be adjusted to reflect actual forfeitures when an award vests. The actual forfeitures in future reporting periods could be higher or lower than our current estimates. The weighted-average forfeiture rate is approximately 4% at March 31, 2009. As a result, the future share-based compensation expense may differ from the Company’s historical amounts. The compensation expense recognized under SFAS No. 123(R) has been classified in the consolidated statements of operations or capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets in the same manner as cash compensation paid to our employees. There was no material share-based compensation expense capitalized as part of the cost of an asset in 2009, 2008 and 2007. We utilize the “short-cut” method for calculating the tax effects of share-based compensation. Under this method, a simplified calculation is applied in establishing the beginning additional paid-in capital (“APIC”) pool balance as well as determining the future impact on the APIC pool and our consolidated statements of cash flows relating to the tax effects of share-based compensation. 80 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Impact on Net Income The components of share-based compensation expense and the related tax benefit are shown in the following table: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2009 2008 2007 RSUs and RS (1) $ 60 $ 50 $ 22 PeRSUs (2) 13 22 24 Stock options 18 11 7 Employee stock purchase plan 8 8 7 Share-based compensation expense 99 91 60 Tax benefit for share-based compensation expense (3) (34 ) (31 ) (20 ) Share-based compensation expense, net of tax (4) $ 65 $ 60 $ 40 Impact of share-based compensation: Earnings per share Diluted $ 0.23 $ 0.20 $ 0.13 Basic 0.24 0.21 0.13 (1) This expense was primarily the result of PeRSUs awarded in prior years, which converted to RSUs due to the attainment of goals during the applicable years’ performance period. (2) Represents estimated compensation expense for PeRSUs that are conditional upon attaining performance objectives during the current year’s performance period. (3) Income tax expense is computed based on applicable tax jurisdictions. Additionally, a portion of pre-tax compensation expense is not tax-deductible. (4) No material share-based compensation expense was included in Discontinued Operations. Stock Plans The 2005 Stock Plan provides our employees, officers and non-employee directors share-based long-term incentives. The 2005 Stock Plan permits the granting of up to 28 million shares in the form of stock options, RS, RSUs, PeRSUs and other share-based awards. As of March 31, 2009, 12 million shares remain available for future grant. As a result of acquisitions, we currently have 2 other option plans under which no further awards have been made since their respective acquisition dates. Stock Options Stock options are granted at no less than fair market value and those options granted under the 2005 Stock Plan generally have a contractual term of seven years and follow a four-year vesting schedule. Prior to 2005, stock options typically vested over a four-year period and had a contractual term of ten years. We expect option grants in 2010 and future years will have the same general contractual life and vesting schedule as those options granted under the 2005 Stock Plan. 81 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Compensation expense for stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period and is based on the grant-date fair value for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest. We continue to use the Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of our stock options. Once the fair value of an employee stock option is determined, current accounting practices do not permit it to be changed, even if the estimates used are different from actual. The option pricing model requires the use of various estimates and assumptions as follows: - Expected stock price volatility is based on a combination of historical volatility of our common stock and implied market volatility. We believe that this market-based input provides a better estimate of our future stock price movements and is consistent with employee stock option valuation considerations. - Expected dividend yield is based on historical experience and investors’ current expectations. - The risk-free interest rate for periods within the expected life of the option is based on the constant maturity U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant. - Expected life of the options is based primarily on historical employee stock option exercise and other behavior data and also reflects the impact of changes in contractual life of current option grants compared to our historical grants. Weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of employee stock options were as follows: Years Ended March 31, 2009 2008 2007 Expected stock price volatility 27 % 24 % 27 % Expected dividend yield 0.6 % 0.4 % 0.5 % Risk-free interest rate 3 % 5 % 5 % Expected life (in years) 5 5 5 The following is a summary of options outstanding at March 31, 2009: Options Outstanding Options Exercisable Number of Weighted- Number of Options Average Weighted- Options Outstanding At Remaining Average Exercisable at Weighted- Range of Exercise Year End Contractual Life Exercise Year End Average Prices (In millions) (Years) Price (In millions) Exercise Price $13.67 — $27.35 1 1 $ 21.27 1 $ 21.27 $27.36 — $41.02 12 3 34.06 12 34.06 $41.03 — $54.70 4 3 45.94 3 45.58 $54.71 — $68.37 2 6 59.61 — 62.26 19 3 39.28 16 36.22 82 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The following table summarizes stock option activity during 2009, 2008 and 2007: Weighted- Average Weighted- Remaining Aggregate Average Exercise Contractual Intrinsic (In millions, except per share data and years) Shares Price Term (Years) Value (2) Outstanding, March 31, 2006 46 $ 43.38 Granted 1 48.13 Exercised (11 ) 33.71 Outstanding, March 31, 2007 36 46.32 4 $ 601 Granted 1 62.12 Exercised (9 ) 36.43 Cancelled and forfeited (2 ) 69.35 Outstanding, March 31, 2008 26 48.59 3 298 Granted 1 57.81 Exercised (1 ) 33.49 Cancelled and forfeited (7 ) 78.35 Outstanding, March 31, 2009 19 39.28 3 33 Vested and expected to vest (1) 19 38.67 3 33 Exercisable, March 31, 2009 16 36.22 3 33 (1) The number of options expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures. (2) The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the period-end market price of the Company’s common stock and the option exercise price, times the number of “in-the-money” option shares. The following table provides data related to all stock option activity: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data and years) 2009 2008 2007 Weighted-average grant date fair value per stock option $ 16.16 $ 17.90 $ 15.43 Aggregate intrinsic value on exercise $ 30 $ 220 $ 204 Cash received upon exercise $ 49 $ 309 $ 354 Tax benefits realized related to exercise $ 14 $ 83 $ 74 Total fair value of shares vested $ 13 $ 8 $ 4 Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options not yet recognized, pre-tax $ 30 $ 25 18 Weighted-average period in years over which stock option compensation cost is expected to be recognized 1 1 2 RS, RSUs and PeRSUs RS and RSUs, which entitle the holder to receive at the end of a vesting term, a specified number of shares of the Company’s common stock are accounted for at fair value at the date of grant. The fair value of RS and RSUs under our stock plans is determined by the product of the number of shares that are expected to vest and the grant date market price of the Company’s common stock. The Compensation Committee determines the vesting terms at the time of grant. These awards generally vest in four years. We have elected to expense the fair value of RS and RSUs with only graded vesting and service conditions on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. RS contains certain restrictions on transferability and may not be transferred until such restrictions lapse. 83 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Non-employee directors receive an annual grant of up to 5,000 RSUs, which vest immediately and are expensed upon grant. However, payment of any shares granted prior to the July 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is delayed until the director is no longer performing services for the Company. For those RSUs granted subsequent to July 2008, the director may receive payment immediately or defer receipt of shares if they meet director stock ownership guidelines. At March 31, 2009, 78,000 RSUs for our directors are vested, but shares have not been issued. PeRSUs are RSUs for which the number of RSUs awarded may be conditional upon the attainment of one or more performance objectives over a specified period. PeRSUs are accounted for as variable awards until the performance goals are reached and the grant date is established. The fair value of PeRSUs is determined by the product of the number of shares eligible to be awarded and expected to vest, and the market price of the Company’s common stock, commencing at the inception of the requisite service period. During the performance period, the PeRSUs are re-valued using the market price and the performance modifier at the end of a reporting period. At the end of the performance period, if the goals are attained, the awards are granted and classified as RSUs and accounted for on that basis. For PeRSUs granted prior to 2009 with multiple vest dates, we recognize the fair value of these awards on a graded vesting basis over the requisite service period of four years. 2009 PeRSUs and the related RSUs (when they will be granted in 2010) have a single vest date and accordingly, we recognize expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of four years. The following table summarizes RS and RSU activity during 2009, 2008 and 2007: Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair (In millions, except per share data) Shares Value Per Share Nonvested, March 31, 2006 1 $ 38.01 Granted 1 49.56 Nonvested, March 31, 2007 2 45.18 Granted 1 61.92 Nonvested, March 31, 2008 3 54.13 Granted 1 57.38 Vested (1 ) 57.61 Nonvested, March 31, 2009 3 54.70 The following table provides data related to RS and RSU activity: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2009 2008 2007 Total fair value of shares vested $ 101 $ 20 $ 5 Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested RSU awards not yet recognized, pre-tax $ 52 $ 49 $ 32 Weighted-average period in years over which RSU cost is expected to be recognized 1 1 2 In May 2008, the Compensation Committee approved 1 million PeRSU target share units representing the base number of awards that could be granted, if goals are attained, and would be granted in the first quarter of 2010 (the “2009 PeRSU”). These target share units are not included in the table above as they have not been granted in the form of RSUs. As of March 31, 2009, the total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested 2009 PeRSUs not yet recognized was approximately $46 million, pre-tax (based on the period-end market price of the Company’s common stock) and the weighted-average period over which the cost is expected to be recognized is 3 years. 84 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) In accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 128, “Earnings per Share,” the 2009 PeRSUs are included in the calculation of diluted weighted average shares for the year ended March 31, 2009 as the performance goals have been achieved. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) The Company has an ESPP under which 16 million shares have been authorized for issuance. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock through payroll deductions. The deductions occur over three-month purchase periods and the shares are then purchased at 85% of the market price at the end of each purchase period. Employees are allowed to terminate their participation in the ESPP at any time during the purchase period prior to the purchase of the shares. The 15% discount provided to employees on these shares is included in compensation expense. The funds outstanding at the end of a quarter are included in the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding. These amounts have not been significant. In 2009, 2008 and 2007, 1 million shares were issued under the ESPP and 4 million shares remain available for issuance at March 31, 2009. 4. Restructuring Activities and Other Workforce Reduction Charges The following table summarizes the activity related to our restructuring liabilities for the three years ended March 31, 2009: Distribution Solutions Technology Solutions Corporate (In millions) Severance Exit-Related Severance Exit-Related Severance Total Balance, March 31, 2006 $ 6 $ 29 $ — $ 1 $ — $ 36 Expenses 3 (1 ) 13 — — 15 Liabilities related to acquisitions — (14 ) 8 4 — (2 ) Cash expenditures (6 ) (8 ) (5 ) — — (19 ) Balance, March 31, 2007 3 6 16 5 — 30 Expenses 5 — 1 4 2 12 Asset impairments — 3 — 4 — 7 Total charge 5 3 1 8 2 19 Liabilities related to acquisitions 6 1 11 1 — 19 Cash expenditures (7 ) — (22 ) (4 ) — (33 ) Non-cash items — (3 ) — (4 ) — (7 ) Balance, March 31, 2008 7 7 6 6 2 28 Expenses 4 — (1 ) (1 ) (1 ) 1 Liabilities related to acquisitions 3 1 — — — 4 Cash expenditures (8 ) (5 ) (4 ) (2 ) — (19 ) Non-cash items — — — (1 ) — (1 ) Balance, March 31, 2009 $ 6 $ 3 $ 1 $ 2 $ 1 $ 13 Our restructuring activities are primarily due to the consolidation of business functions and facilities from newly acquired businesses. 85 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Restructuring Activities and Asset Impairment — Expenses During 2009, there were no material restructuring costs incurred. During 2008, we incurred $19 million of restructuring expenses which primarily consisted of: - $4 million of severance costs associated with the closure of two facilities within our Distribution Solutions segment, - $1 million and $3 million of severance and asset impairments associated with the integration of OTN within our Distribution Solutions segment, and - $5 million of severance and exit-related costs and a $4 million asset impairment charge for the write-off of capitalized software costs associated with the termination of a software project within our Technology Solutions segment. During 2007, we recorded $15 million of restructuring expenses, of which $8 million pertained to employee severance costs associated with the reallocation of product development and marketing resources and the realignment of an international business within our Technology Solutions segment. Restructuring Activities — Liabilities Related to Acquisitions In connection with our OTN acquisition within our Distribution Solutions segment, to date we recorded a total of $7 million of employee severance costs and $4 million of facility exit costs. In connection with our Per-Se acquisition within our Technology Solutions segment, we recorded a total of $19 million of employee severance costs and $3 million of facility exit and contract termination costs. In 2007, in connection with the Company’s investment in Parata, $13 million of contract termination costs that were initially estimated as part of a prior year acquisition were extinguished and as a result, the Company decreased goodwill and its restructuring liability. As of March 31, 2009, the majority of the restructuring accruals of $13 million, which primarily consist of employee severance costs and facility exit and contract termination costs, are anticipated to be disbursed through 2010. Accrued restructuring liabilities are included in other accrued and other noncurrent liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Based on our current existing initiatives, we expect to complete the majority of these activities by the end of 2010. Expenses associated with these existing initiatives are not anticipated to be material. We are however, continuing to evaluate other restructuring initiatives primarily pertaining to our newly acquired businesses, which may have an impact on future net income. Approximately 935 employees, consisting primarily of distribution, general and administrative staffs were planned to be terminated as part of our restructuring plans, of which 661 employees had been terminated as of March 31, 2009. Restructuring expenses are included in cost of sales and operating expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. Other Workforce Reduction Charges In 2009 and 2008, we recorded $32 million ($7 million for our Distribution Solutions Segment and $25 million for our Technology Solutions segment) and $8 million of charges (for our Technology Solutions segment) associated with various reductions in workforce. Although these actions do not constitute a restructuring plan (as defined under GAAP), they do represent independent actions taken from time to time, as appropriate. These charges were recorded within our consolidated statements of operations as follows: $5 million and $7 million in cost of sales in 2009 and 2008 and $28 million and $20 million within operating expenses. 86 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 5. Other Income, Net Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Interest income $ 31 $ 89 $ 103 Equity in earnings, net 7 21 23 Gain on sale of investment 24 — — Impairment of investments (63 ) — — Other, net 13 11 6 Total $ 12 $ 121 $ 132 We evaluate our investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such investment may have experienced an other than temporary decline in value. During the fourth quarter of 2009, we determined that the fair value of our interest in Parata was lower than its carrying value and that such impairment was other than temporary. Fair value was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis based on estimated future results and market capitalization rates. We determined the impairment was other than temporary based on our assessment of all relevant factors including a deterioration in the investee’s financial condition and weak market conditions. As a result, we recorded a pre-tax impairment of $58 million ($55 million after-tax) on this investment which is recorded within other income, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Our investment in Parata is accounted for under the equity method of accounting within our Distribution Solutions segment. During the fourth quarter of 2009, we also recorded a pre-tax impairment of $5 million ($5 million after-tax) on another equity-held investment within our Distribution Solutions segment. In July 2008, our Distribution Solutions segment sold its 42% equity interest in Verispan, L.L.C. (“Verispan”), a data analytics company, for a pre-tax gain of approximately $24 million or $14 million after-tax. 6. Income Taxes Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Income from continuing operations before income taxes U.S. $ 623 $ 1,059 $ 987 Foreign 441 398 310 Total income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 1,064 $ 1,457 $ 1,297 87 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The provision for income taxes related to continuing operations consists of the following: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Current Federal $ 177 $ 189 $ 71 State and local (111 ) 59 69 Foreign 35 22 22 Total current 101 270 162 Deferred Federal 69 178 204 State and local 62 16 (18 ) Foreign 9 4 (19 ) Total deferred 140 198 167 Income tax provision $ 241 $ 468 $ 329 In 2009, we recorded a total income tax expense of $241 million, which included an income tax benefit of $182 million related to the Average Wholesale Price (“AWP”) Litigation charge described in more detail in Financial Note 18, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities.” The tax benefit could change in the future depending on the resolution of the pending and expected claims. In 2009, current income tax expense included $111 million of net income tax benefits for discrete items, which primarily relate to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and related accrued interest. The recognition of these discrete items is primarily due to the lapsing of the statutes of limitations. Of the $111 million of net current tax benefits, $87 million represents a non-cash benefit to Apex Health Distribution. In accordance with SFAS No. 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes,” the net tax benefit is included in our income tax expense from continuing operations. In June 2008, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) began its examination of fiscal years 2003 through 2006. On October 3, 2008, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (“Stabilization Act”), which included a retroactive reinstatement of the federal research and development credit, was signed into law. The Stabilization Act extends the federal research and development credit to December 31, 2009. In 2009, we recorded a benefit to our income tax provision as a result of these research and development credits. In Canada, we received an assessment from the Canada Revenue Agency (“CRA”) for a total of $19 million related to transfer pricing for 2004. We plan to appeal the assessment. We believe we have adequately provided for any potential adverse results for 2004 and future years. In nearly all jurisdictions, the tax years prior to 2003 are no longer subject to examination. We believe that we have made adequate provision for all remaining income tax uncertainties. In 2008, the IRS completed an examination of our consolidated income tax returns for 2000 to 2002 resulting in a signed Revenue Agent Report (“RAR”), which was approved by the Joint Committee on Taxation during the third quarter of 2008. The IRS and the Company have agreed to certain adjustments, primarily related to transfer pricing and income tax credits. As a result of the approved RAR, we recognized approximately $25 million of net federal and state income tax benefits. In Canada, we received an assessment from the CRA for a total of $9 million related to transfer pricing for 2003. We have filed an appeal with the Tax Court of Canada. We believe we have adequately provided for any potential adverse results for 2003. During 2008, we also favorably concluded various foreign examinations, which resulted in the recognition of approximately $4 million of income tax benefits. Income tax expense for 2008 was also impacted by a non-tax deductible $13 million increase in a legal reserve. 88 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) In 2007, we recorded a credit to current income tax expense of $83 million which primarily pertained to our receipt of a private letter ruling from the IRS holding that our payment of approximately $960 million to settle our Consolidated Securities Litigation Action (refer to Financial Note 18, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” for further discussion) is fully tax-deductible. We previously established tax reserves to reflect the lack of certainty regarding the tax deductibility of settlement amounts paid in the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action and related litigation. In 2007, we also recorded $24 million in income tax benefits arising primarily from settlements and adjustments with various taxing authorities and research and development investment tax credits from our Canadian operations. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax provision. Although our major taxing jurisdictions are the U.S. and Canada, we are subject to income taxes in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Annually, we file a federal consolidated income tax return with the IRS, and over 1,200 returns with various state and foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management’s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. The reconciliation between the Company’s effective tax rate on income from continuing operations and the statutory tax rate is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Income tax provision at federal statutory rate $ 372 $ 510 $ 454 State and local income taxes net of federal tax benefit 18 43 34 Foreign tax rate differential (120 ) (120 ) (104 ) Consolidated Securities Litigation Action reserve — — (83 ) Unrecognized tax benefits and settlements (21 ) 31 44 Tax credits (20 ) (16 ) (5 ) Other, net 12 20 (11 ) Income tax provision $ 241 $ 468 $ 329 At March 31, 2009, undistributed earnings of our foreign operations totaling $1,836 million were considered to be permanently reinvested. No deferred tax liability has been recognized for the remittance of such earnings to the U.S. since it is our intention to utilize those earnings in the foreign operations as well as to fund certain research and development activities for an indefinite period of time, or to repatriate such earnings when it is tax efficient to do so. The determination of the amount of deferred taxes on these earnings is not practicable because the computation would depend on a number of factors that cannot be known until a decision to repatriate the earnings is made. 89 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Deferred tax balances consisted of the following: March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 Assets Receivable allowances $ 70 $ 57 Deferred revenue 170 124 Compensation and benefit-related accruals 274 286 AWP Litigation accrual 172 — Loss and credit carryforwards 529 566 Other 357 257 Subtotal 1,572 1,290 Less: valuation allowance (125 ) (27 ) Total assets $ 1,447 $ 1,263 Liabilities Basis difference for inventory valuation and other assets $ (1,286 ) $ (1,097 ) Basis difference for fixed assets and systems development costs (207 ) (163 ) Intangibles (238 ) (154 ) Other (158 ) (141 ) Total liabilities (1,889 ) (1,555 ) Net deferred tax liability $ (442 ) $ (292 ) Current net deferred tax liability $ (695 ) $ (767 ) Long term net deferred tax asset 253 475 Net deferred tax liability $ (442 ) $ (292 ) We have federal, state and foreign income tax net operating loss carryforwards of $267 million, $2,731 million and $185 million. The federal and state net operating losses will expire at various dates from 2010 through 2029. The foreign net operating losses have indefinite lives. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards may not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided valuation allowances of $5 million, $36 million and $39 million on the deferred tax assets relating to these federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards. We also have federal and state capital loss carryforwards of $43 million and $37 million. The federal and state net operating losses will expire at various dates from 2011 through 2029. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from these capital loss carryforwards may not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided valuation allowances of $15 million and $3 million. We also have domestic income tax credit carryforwards of $202 million which are primarily alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards that have an indefinite life. However, we believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain state tax credits of $4 million may not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of $4 million. In addition, we have federal and Canadian research and development credit carryforwards of $61 million and $11 million. The federal and Canadian research and development credits will expire at various dates from 2017 to 2028. We adopted the provisions of FIN No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes,” as of April 1, 2007, which resulted in a reduction of our retained earnings by $46 million. FIN No. 48 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements in accordance with SFAS No. 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes.” This standard also provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon effective settlements. This interpretation also provides guidance on measurement, derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. At April 1, 2007, our “unrecognized tax benefits” defined as the aggregate tax effect of differences between tax return positions and the benefits recognized in our financial statements, amounted to $465 million. 90 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits for the two years ended March 31, 2009 Unrecognized (In millions) Tax Benefits Balance at March 31, 2007 $ 465 Additions based on tax positions related to current year 58 Reductions based on settlements (27 ) Balance at March 31, 2008 496 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years 77 Additions based on tax positions related to current year 61 Reductions based on settlements (41 ) Reductions based on the lapse of the applicable statutes of limitations (67 ) Balance at March 31, 2009 $ 526 Of the total $526 million in unrecognized tax benefits at March 31, 2009, $325 million would reduce income tax expense and the effective tax rate if recognized. During the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that audit resolutions and the expiration of statutes of limitations could potentially reduce our unrecognized tax benefits by up to $27 million. However, this amount may change because we continue to have ongoing negotiations with various taxing authorities throughout the year. We continue to report interest and penalties on tax deficiencies as income tax expense. At March 31, 2009, before any tax benefits, our accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits amounted to $101 million. We recognized an income tax benefit of $29 million, before any tax effect, related to interest in our consolidated statements of operations during 2009. We have no material amounts accrued for penalties. 7. Discontinued Operations Results from discontinued operations were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (1) (In millions) 2008 2007 Income (loss) from discontinued operations Acute Care $ 1 $ (9 ) Other 1 — Income taxes (1 ) 4 Total $ 1 $ (5 ) Loss on sales of discontinued operations Acute Care $ — $ (49 ) Other — 10 Income taxes — (11 ) Total $ — $ (50 ) Discontinued operations, net of taxes Acute Care $ 1 $ (66 ) Other — 11 Total $ 1 $ (55 ) (1) No charges for discontinued operations were incurred during 2009. In 2007, we sold our Distribution Solutions segment’s Medical-Surgical Acute Care business to Owens & Minor, Inc. (“OMI”) for net cash proceeds of approximately $160 million. Revenues associated with the Acute Care business prior to its disposition were $597 million for 2007. 91 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Financial results for 2007 for this discontinued operation include an after-tax loss of $66 million, which primarily consists of an after-tax loss of $61 million for the business’ disposition and $5 million of after-tax losses associated with operations, other asset impairment charges and employee severance costs. The after-tax loss of $61 million for the business’ disposition includes a $79 million non-tax deductible write-off of goodwill, as further described below. In connection with this divestiture, we allocated a portion of our Distribution Solutions segment’s Medical-Surgical Distribution business’ goodwill to the Acute Care business as required by SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.” The allocation was based on the relative fair values of the Acute Care business and the continuing businesses that are being retained by the Company. The fair value of the Acute Care business was determined based on the net cash proceeds resulting from the divestiture. As a result, we allocated $79 million of the segment’s goodwill to the Acute Care business. Additionally, as part of the divestiture, we entered into a transition services agreement (“TSA”) with OMI under which we provided certain services to the Acute Care business during a transition period of approximately six months. Financial results from the TSA, as well as employee severance charges over the transition period, were recorded as part of discontinued operations. The continuing cash flows generated from the TSA were not material to our consolidated financial statements and the TSA was completed as of March 31, 2007. In the second quarter of 2007, we also sold a wholly-owned subsidiary, Pharmaceutical Buyers Inc., for net cash proceeds of $10 million. The divestiture resulted in an after-tax gain of $5 million resulting from the tax basis of the subsidiary exceeding its carrying value. Financial results for this business, which were previously included in our Distribution Solutions segment, were not material to our consolidated financial statements. The results for discontinued operations for 2007 also include an after-tax gain of $6 million associated with the collection of a note receivable from a business sold in 2003 and the sale of a small business. In accordance with SFAS No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets,” financial results for these businesses have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 8. Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share is computed similar to basic earnings per share except that it reflects the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities or other obligations to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. 92 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The computations for basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations are as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2009 2008 2007 Income from continuing operations $ 823 $ 989 $ 968 Discontinued operations, net — 1 (5 ) Discontinued operations — loss on sales, net — — (50 ) Net income $ 823 $ 990 $ 913 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 275 291 298 Effect of dilutive securities: Options to purchase common stock 3 5 6 Restricted stock 1 2 1 Diluted 279 298 305 Earnings per common share: (1) Basic Continuing operations $ 2.99 $ 3.40 $ 3.25 Discontinued operations, net — — (0.02 ) Discontinued operations — loss on sales, net — — (0.17 ) Total $ 2.99 $ 3.40 $ 3.06 Diluted Continuing operations $ 2.95 $ 3.32 $ 3.17 Discontinued operations, net — — (0.02 ) Discontinued operations — loss on sales, net — — (0.16 ) Total $ 2.95 $ 3.32 $ 2.99 (1) Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. Approximately 5 million, 8 million and 11 million stock options were excluded from the computations of diluted net earnings per share in 2009, 2008 and 2007 as their exercise price was higher than the Company’s average stock price. 9. Receivables, net March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 Customer accounts $ 6,902 $ 6,390 Other 1,033 984 Total 7,935 7,374 Allowances (161 ) (161 ) Net $ 7,774 $ 7,213 The allowances are primarily for uncollectible accounts and sales returns. 93 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 10. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 Land $ 50 $ 50 Building, machinery, equipment and other 1,673 1,652 Total property, plant and equipment 1,723 1,702 Accumulated depreciation (927 ) (927 ) Property, plant and equipment, net $ 796 $ 775 11. Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows: Distribution Technology (In millions) Solutions Solutions Total Balance, March 31, 2007 $ 1,386 $ 1,589 $ 2,975 Goodwill acquired, net of purchase price adjustments 282 59 341 Foreign currency translation adjustments 4 25 29 Balance, March 31, 2008 $ 1,672 $ 1,673 $ 3,345 Goodwill acquired, net of purchase price adjustments 231 35 266 Goodwill written off related to the sale of a business (24 ) — (24 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments and other (10 ) (49 ) (59 ) Balance, March 31, 2009 $ 1,869 $ 1,659 $ 3,528 Information regarding intangible assets is as follows: March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 Customer lists $ 824 $ 725 Technology 187 176 Trademarks and other 70 61 Gross intangibles 1,081 962 Accumulated amortization (420 ) (301 ) Intangible assets, net $ 661 $ 661 94 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Amortization expense of intangible assets was $128 million, $107 million and $53 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007. The weighted average remaining amortization periods for customer lists, technology, trademarks and other intangible assets at March 31, 2009 were: 7 years, 3 years and 7 years. Estimated annual amortization expense of these assets is as follows: $119 million, $111 million, $105 million, $86 million and $74 million for 2010 through 2014, and $166 million thereafter. At March 31, 2008, there was an immaterial amount of intangible assets not subject to amortization. All intangible assets were subject to amortization as of March 31, 2009. 12. Long-Term Debt and Other Financing March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 9.13% Series C Senior Notes due February, 2010 $ 215 $ 215 7.75% Notes due February, 2012 399 399 5.25% Notes due March, 2013 499 498 6.50% Notes due February, 2014 350 — 5.70% Notes due March, 2017 499 499 7.50% Notes due February, 2019 349 — 7.65% Debentures due March, 2027 175 175 ESOP related debt (see Financial Note 13) 1 4 Other 22 7 Total debt 2,509 1,797 Less current portion (219 ) (2 ) Total long-term debt $ 2,290 $ 1,795 Long-Term Debt On February 12, 2009, we issued 6.50% notes due February 15, 2014 (the “2014 Notes”) in an aggregate principal amount of $350 million and 7.50% notes due February 15, 2019 (the “2019 Notes”) in an aggregate principal amount of $350 million. Interest is payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year beginning on August 15, 2009. The 2014 Notes will mature on February 15, 2014 and the 2019 Notes will mature on February 15, 2019. We utilized net proceeds, after offering expenses, of $693 million from the issuance of the 2014 Notes and 2019 Notes for general corporate purposes. On March 5, 2007, we issued 5.25% notes due March 1, 2013 (the “2013 Notes”) in an aggregate principal amount of $500 million and 5.70% notes due March 1, 2017 (the “2017 Notes,” collectively with the 2013 Notes, 2014 Notes, 2019 Notes, the “Notes” and each note constitutes a “Series”) in an aggregate principal amount of $500 million for which interest is payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year. The 2013 Notes will mature on March 1, 2013 and the 2017 Notes will mature on March 1, 2017. We utilized net proceeds, after offering expenses, of $990 million from the issuance of the 2013 Notes and 2017 Notes, together with cash on hand, to repay outstanding interim indebtedness related to our January 2007 acquisition of Per-Se. Each Series constitutes an unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Company and ranks equally with all of the Company’s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness outstanding from time to time. Each Series is governed by an indenture common to all Notes and an officers’ certificate specifying certain terms of each Series. 95 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Upon 30 days notice to holders of a Series, we may redeem that Series at any time prior to maturity, in whole or in part, for cash at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium, as specified in the indenture and officers’ certificate relating to that Series. In the event of the occurrence of both (1) a change of control of the Company and (2) a downgrade of a Series below an investment grade rating by each of Fitch Ratings, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services within a specified period, an offer will be made to purchase that Series from the holders at a price in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding principal amount of that Series, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. The indenture and the related officers’ certificate for each Series, subject to the exceptions and in compliance with the conditions as applicable, specify that we may not incur liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions or consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. The indentures also contain customary events and default provisions. Accounts Receivable Sales Facility In June 2008, we renewed our accounts receivable sales facility under substantially similar terms to those previously in place, except that we increased the committed balance from $700 million to $1.0 billion. The renewed facility expires in June 2009. We anticipate renewing this facility before its expiration. Information regarding our outstanding balances related to our interests in accounts receivable sold or qualifying receivables retained is as follows: March 31, March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 Receivables sold outstanding (1) $ — $ — Receivables retained, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 4,814 4,251 (1) Deducted from receivables, net in the consolidated balance sheets. The following table summarizes the activity related to our interests in accounts receivable sold: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Proceeds from accounts receivable sales $ 5,780 $ 1,075 $ — Fees and charges (1) (2) 10 2 — (1) Recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. (2) Fee charges related to the sale of receivables to the Conduits for 2007 were not material. The delinquency ratio for the qualifying receivables represented less than 1% of the total qualifying receivables as of March 31, 2009 and March 31, 2008. Revolving Credit Facility We have a $1.3 billion five-year, senior unsecured revolving credit facility which expires in June 2012. Borrowings under this credit facility bear interest based upon either a Prime rate or the London Interbank Offering Rate. Total borrowings under this facility were $279 million for 2009. There were no borrowings for 2008. As of March 31, 2009 and 2008, there were no amounts outstanding under this facility. 96 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) In January 2007, we entered into a $1.8 billion interim credit facility. The interim credit facility was a single-draw 364-day unsecured facility with terms substantially similar to those contained in the Company’s existing revolving credit facility. We utilized $1.0 billion of this facility to fund a portion of our purchase of Per-Se. Commercial Paper We issued and repaid approximately $3.3 billion and $260 million in commercial paper during 2009 and 2008. There were no commercial paper issuances outstanding at March 31, 2009 and 2008. Employee Stock Ownership Program The employee stock ownership program (“ESOP”) debt bears interest at an 8.6% fixed rate and is due in semi-annual installments through June 2010. Debt Covenants Our various borrowing facilities and certain long-term debt instruments are subject to covenants. Our principal debt covenant is our debt to capital ratio, which cannot exceed 56.5%. If we exceed this ratio, repayment of debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility and $215 million of term debt could be accelerated. At March 31, 2009, this ratio was 28.9% and we were in compliance with all other covenants. 13. Pension Benefits We maintain a number of qualified and nonqualified defined pension benefit plans and defined contribution plans for eligible employees. Defined Pension Benefit Plans Eligible U.S. employees who were employed by the Company prior to December 31, 1996 are covered under the Company-sponsored defined benefit retirement plan. In 1997, we amended this plan to freeze all plan benefits based on each employee’s plan compensation and creditable service accrued to that date. The Company has made no annual contributions since this plan was frozen. The benefits for this defined benefit retirement plan are based primarily on age of employees at date of retirement, years of service and employees’ pay during the five years prior to retirement. We also have defined benefit pension plans for eligible Canadian and United Kingdom employees as well as a nonqualified supplemental defined benefit plan for certain U.S. executives, which is non-funded. We also assumed a frozen qualified defined benefit plan through our acquisition of Per-Se in 2007. The Per-Se plan was merged into our retirement plan in 2008. We adopted the measurement provisions of SFAS No. 158 in the fourth quarter of 2009. As required, our defined benefit plan assets and obligations are now measured as of the Company’s fiscal year-end. We previously performed this measurement at December 31. The net periodic expense for our pension plans is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Service cost—benefits earned during the year $ 6 $ 7 $ 7 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 33 31 27 Expected return on assets (39 ) (39 ) (33 ) Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss, prior service costs and net transitional obligation 10 11 12 Settlement charges and other 1 4 4 Net periodic pension expense $ 11 $ 14 $ 17 97 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The projected unit credit method is utilized for measuring net periodic pension expense over the employees’ service life for the U.S. pension plans. Unrecognized actuarial losses exceeding 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation and the market value of assets are amortized straight-line over the average remaining future service periods. Information regarding the changes in benefit obligations and plan assets for our pension plans is as follows: 15 Month 12 Month Period Ending Period Ending March December (In millions) 31, 2009 31, 2007 Change in benefit obligations Benefit obligation at beginning of period $ 543 $ 552 SFAS No. 158 measurement date adjustment (3 ) — Service cost 6 7 Interest cost 33 31 Actuarial gains (65 ) (8 ) Benefit payments (32 ) (47 ) Foreign exchange impact and other (26 ) 8 Benefit obligation at end of period $ 456 $ 543 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period $ 501 $ 484 SFAS No. 158 measurement date adjustment (9 ) — Actual return on plan assets (138 ) 29 Employer and participant contributions 15 33 Benefits paid (32 ) (47 ) Foreign exchange impact and other (28 ) 2 Fair value of plan assets at end of period $ 309 $ 501 Funded status at end of period (1) $ (147 ) $ (39 ) Amounts recognized on the balance sheet Noncurrent assets $ 5 $ 78 Current liabilities (10 ) (9 ) Noncurrent liabilities (142 ) (108 ) Total $ (147 ) $ (39 ) (1) Includes $3 million of employer contributions subsequent to our December 31, 2007 measurement date for 2008. The unfavorable change in the funded status of our plans from March 31, 2008 to March 31, 2009 was primarily due to the decrease in the fair value of our plan assets as a result of the volatility in the financial markets. The accumulated benefit obligations for our pension plans were $441 million at March 31, 2009 and $522 million at March 31, 2008. The components of the amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income at March 31, 2009 and 2008 are as follows: net actuarial loss, $215 million and $111 million; net prior service cost, $8 million and $10 million; and net transitional obligations, $1 million and $2 million. 98 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) We estimate that we will amortize $2 million of prior service cost and $22 million of actuarial loss for the pension plans from shareholders’ equity to pension expense in 2010. Comparable 2009 amounts were $2 million and $8 million. Projected benefit obligations relating to our unfunded U.S. plans were $110 million and $112 million at March 31, 2009 and 2008. Pension costs are funded based on the recommendations of independent actuaries. Expected benefit payments for our pension plans are as follows: $38 million, $35 million, $38 million, $31 million and $31 million for 2010 to 2014, and $262 million for 2015 through 2019. Expected benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure the benefit obligations and include estimated future employee service. Expected contributions to be made for our pension plans are $17 million for 2010. Should the financial markets continue to deteriorate, the decline in fair value of the plan assets may result in increased total pension costs in the future and may also result in additional future cash contributions in accordance with the U.S. Pension Protection Act of 2006 or other international retirement plan funding requirements. We currently do not expect additional cash contributions to be material. Weighted average asset allocations of the investment portfolio for our pension plans at March 31 and target allocations are as follows: Percentage of Fair Value of Total Target Plan Assets Allocation 2009 2008 Assets Category Equity securities 59 % 52 % 56 % Fixed income 33 % 36 % 35 % Other 8 % 12 % 9 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % We develop our expected long-term rate of return assumption based on the historical experience of our portfolio and the review of projected returns by asset class on broad, publicly traded equity and fixed-income indices. Our target asset allocation was determined based on the risk tolerance characteristics of the plan and, at times, may be adjusted to achieve our overall investment objective. Weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the net periodic pension expense and the actuarial present value of benefit obligations were as follows: 2009 2008 2007 Net periodic pension expense Discount rates 5.34 % 5.33 % 5.35 % Rate of increase in compensation 3.93 3.85 3.83 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 7.75 7.53 7.47 Benefit obligation Discount rates 7.74 % 6.18 % 5.70 % Rate of increase in compensation 3.93 4.01 3.97 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 7.90 8.04 8.09 99 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Apex Health Distribution’s U.S. defined benefit pension plans use a discount rate based on a yield curve approach. We use a portfolio of high quality corporate bonds rated AA or better whose maturity is timed with the expected payments of our plans. For March 31, 2009, we used a discount rate of 7.95% which represents an increase of 162 basis points from our 2008 discount rate of 6.33%. Sensitivity to changes in the weighted-average discount rate for our U. S. pension plans is as follows: Projected Percentage Benefit (In millions) Point Change Obligation Expense +/- 1.0 pt (27)/31 (2)/2 Other Defined Benefit Plans Under various U.S. bargaining unit labor contracts, we make payments into multi-employer pension plans established for union employees. We are liable for a proportionate part of the plans’ unfunded vested benefit liabilities upon our withdrawal from the plan, however information regarding the relative position of each employer with respect to the actuarial present value of accumulated benefits and net assets available for benefits is not available. Contributions to the plans and amounts accrued were not material for the years ended March 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. Defined Contribution Plans We have a contributory profit sharing investment plan (“PSIP”) for U.S. employees not covered by collective bargaining arrangements. Eligible employees may contribute to the PSIP up to 20% of their monthly eligible compensation for pre-tax contributions and up to 67% of compensation for catch-up contributions not to exceed IRS limits. The Company makes matching contributions in an amount equal to 100% of the employee’s first 3% of pay contributed and 50% for the next 2% of pay contributed. The Company also may make an additional annual matching contribution for each plan year to enable participants to receive a full match based on their annual limit, effective 2008. Prior to 2009, the Company provided for the PSIP contributions primarily with its common shares through its leveraged ESOP. The ESOP has purchased an aggregate of 24 million shares of the Company’s common stock since its inception. These purchases were financed by 10 to 20 year loans from or guaranteed by us. At March 31, 2009, the ESOP’s outstanding borrowing is reported as short-term debt of the Company and the related receivables from the ESOP are shown as a reduction of stockholders’ equity. The loans are repaid by the ESOP from interest earnings on cash balances and common dividends on unallocated shares and Company cash contributions. The ESOP loan maturities and rates are identical to the terms of related Company borrowings. Stock is made available from the ESOP based on debt service payments on ESOP borrowings. ESOP expense and other contribution expense, including interest expense on ESOP debt, was $53 million, $13 million and $13 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007. ESOP expense for 2008 and 2007 was significantly lower than 2009 due to the utilization of lower cost basis shares in the ESOP to fund the Company’s matching contributions. Approximately 1 million shares of common stock were allocated to plan participants in 2008 and 2007. In 2009, the Company made contributions primarily in cash or with the issuance of treasury shares. At March 31, 2009, substantially all of the 24 million common shares had been allocated to plan participants. As a result, we will need to fund most of our future PSIP contributions with cash or treasury shares. As previously reported on the PSIP’s Annual Report on Form 11-K for the year ended March 31, 2008, the PSIP is a member of the settlement class in the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action (refer to Financial Note 18, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). On April 27, 2009, the court issued an order approving the distribution of the settlement funds. At this time, we do not know the date on which the distribution of settlement funds to the PSIP will occur. 100 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 14. Postretirement Benefits We maintain a number of postretirement benefits, primarily consisting of healthcare and life insurance (“welfare”) benefits, for certain eligible U.S. employees. Eligible employees consist of those who retired before March 31, 1999 and those who retired after March 31, 1999, but were an active employee as of that date, after meeting other age-related criteria. We also provide postretirement benefits for certain U.S. executives. We adopted the measurement provisions of SFAS No. 158 in the fourth quarter of 2009. As required, our defined benefit plan obligations are now measured as of the Company’s fiscal year-end. We previously performed this measurement at December 31. The net periodic expense for our postretirement welfare benefits is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Service cost—benefits earned during the year $ 1 $ 2 $ 2 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 10 10 11 Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss (gain) and prior service costs (14 ) 4 16 Net periodic postretirement expense $ (3 ) $ 16 $ 29 Information regarding the changes in benefit obligations for our postretirement welfare plans is as follows: 15 Month 12 Month Period Ending Period Ending March December (In millions) 31, 2009 31, 2007 Change in benefit obligations Benefit obligation at beginning of period $ 157 $ 183 SFAS No. 158 measurement date adjustment 3 — Service cost 1 2 Interest cost 10 10 Plan amendments and other 6 5 Actuarial gain (30 ) (27 ) Benefit payments (14 ) (16 ) Benefit obligation at end of period $ 133 $ 157 We estimate that we will amortize $24 million of actuarial gain for the other postretirement plans from shareholders’ equity to other postretirement expense in 2010. The comparable 2009 amount was $13 million of actuarial gain. The increase in this benefit is primarily due to favorable healthcare cost trends. Other postretirement benefits are funded as claims are paid. Expected benefit payments for our postretirement welfare benefit plans, net of expected Medicare subsidy receipts of $16 million, are as follows: $15 million annually for 2010 to 2014, and $67 million cumulatively for 2015 through 2019. Expected benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure the benefit obligations and include estimated future employee service. Expected contributions to be made for our postretirement welfare benefit plans are $15 million for 2010. Weighted-average discount rates used to estimate postretirement welfare benefit expenses were 6.19%, 5.78% and 5.55% for 2009, 2008 and 2007. Weighted-average discount rates for the actuarial present value of benefit obligations were 7.86%, 6.19% and 5.78% for 2009, 2008 and 2007. 101 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Actuarial gain or loss for the postretirement welfare benefit plan is amortized to income over a three-year period. The assumed healthcare cost trends used in measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation were 9% and 10% for prescription drugs, 7% and 9% for medical and 6% and 7% for dental in 2009 and 2008. The healthcare cost trend rate assumption has a significant effect on the amounts reported. For 2009, 2008 and 2007, a one-percentage-point increase or a one-percentage-point decrease in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate would impact total service and interest cost components by approximately $1 million to $2 million and the postretirement benefit obligation by approximately $12 million to $15 million. 15. Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities At March 31, 2009 and 2008, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, marketable securities, receivables, drafts and accounts payable and other current liabilities approximated their estimated fair values because of the short maturity of these financial instruments. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our long-term debt were $2,509 million and $2,545 million at March 31, 2009 and $1,797 million and $1,861 million at March 31, 2008. The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was determined based on quoted market prices and may not be representative of actual values that could have been realized or that will be realized in the future. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations. We limit these risks through the use of derivatives such as interest rate swaps and forward contracts. In accordance with our policy, derivatives are only used for hedging purposes. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. The volume of activity related to derivative financial instruments was not material for 2009, 2008 and 2007. 16. Lease Obligations We lease facilities and equipment primarily under operating leases. At March 31, 2009, future minimum lease payments required under operating leases that have initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year for years ending March 31 are: Noncancelable Operating (In millions) Leases 2010 $ 105 2011 90 2012 72 2013 48 2014 33 Thereafter 79 Total minimum lease payments $ 427 102 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Rental expense under operating leases was $146 million, $149 million and $117 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007. We recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, taking into account, when applicable, lessor incentives for tenant improvements, periods where no rent payment is required and escalations in rent payments over the term of the lease. Deferred rent is recognized for the difference between the rent expense recognized on a straight-line basis and the payments made per the terms of the lease. Most real property leases contain renewal options and provisions requiring us to pay property taxes and operating expenses in excess of base period amounts. Sublease rental income was not material for any period presented. 17. Financial Guarantees and Warranties Financial Guarantees We have agreements with certain of our customers’ financial institutions under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of inventory (primarily for our Canadian business) at a discount in the event these customers are unable to meet certain obligations to those financial institutions. Among other requirements, these inventories must be in resalable condition. The inventory repurchase agreements mostly range from one to two years. Customer guarantees range from one to five years and were primarily provided to facilitate financing for certain customers. The majority of our other customer guarantees are secured by certain assets of the customer. We also have an agreement with one software customer that, under limited circumstances, may require us to secure standby financing. Because the amount of the standby financing is not explicitly stated, the overall amount of these guarantees cannot reasonably be estimated. At March 31, 2009, the maximum amounts of inventory repurchase guarantees and other customer guarantees were $102 million and $10 million, none of which had been accrued. At March 31, 2009, we had commitments of $2 million of cash contributions to our equity-held investments, for which no amounts had been accrued. The expirations of the above noted financial guarantees and commitments are as follows: $51 million, $23 million, $1 million, $1 million and nil from 2010 through 2014 and $38 million thereafter. In addition, our banks and insurance companies have issued $115 million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds on our behalf mostly in order to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations and our workers’ compensation and automotive liability programs. Our software license agreements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if our software products infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. To date, we have not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnification agreements and have not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations. In conjunction with certain transactions, primarily divestitures, we may provide routine indemnification agreements (such as retention of previously existing environmental, tax and employee liabilities) whose terms vary in duration and often are not explicitly defined. Where appropriate, obligations for such indemnifications are recorded as liabilities. Because the amounts of these indemnification obligations often are not explicitly stated, the overall maximum amount of these commitments cannot be reasonably estimated. Other than obligations recorded as liabilities at the time of divestiture, we have historically not made significant payments as a result of these indemnification provisions. 103 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Warranties In the normal course of business, we provide certain warranties and indemnification protection for our products and services. For example, we provide warranties that the pharmaceutical and medical-surgical products we distribute are in compliance with the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other applicable laws and regulations. We have received the same warranties from our suppliers, which customarily are the manufacturers of the products. In addition, we have indemnity obligations to our customers for these products, which have also been provided to us from our suppliers, either through express agreement or by operation of law. We also provide warranties regarding the performance of software and automation products we sell. Our liability under these warranties is to bring the product into compliance with previously agreed upon specifications. For software products, this may result in additional project costs, which are reflected in our estimates used for the percentage-of-completion method of accounting for software installation services within these contracts. In addition, most of our customers who purchase our software and automation products also purchase annual maintenance agreements. Revenue from these maintenance agreements is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period and the cost of servicing product warranties is charged to expense when claims become estimable. Accrued warranty costs were not material to the consolidated balance sheets. 18. Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. In accordance with SFAS No. 5, “Accounting for Contingencies,” we record a provision for a liability when management believes that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. We believe we have adequate provisions for any such matters. Management reviews these provisions at least quarterly and adjusts these provisions to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular case. Because litigation outcomes are inherently unpredictable, these assessments often involve a series of complex assessments by management about future events and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. We are party to the significant legal proceedings described below. Based on our experience, we believe that any damage amounts claimed in the specific matters discussed below are not meaningful indicators of our potential liability. We believe that we have valid defenses to these legal proceedings and are defending the matters vigorously. Nevertheless, the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain. We are currently unable to estimate the remaining possible losses in the unresolved legal proceedings described below. Should any one of these proceedings against us, or a combination of more than one, be successful or should we determine to settle any or a combination of these matters on unfavorable terms, we may be required to pay substantial sums, become subject to the entry of an injunction or be forced to change the manner in which we operate our business, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. I. Accounting Litigation Following the announcements by Apex Health Distribution in April, May and July of 1999 that Apex Health Distribution had determined that certain software sales transactions in its Information Solutions segment, formerly HBO & Company (“HBOC”) and now known as Apex Health Distribution Information Solutions LLC, were improperly recorded as revenue and reversed, numerous lawsuits were filed against Apex Health Distribution, HBOC, certain of Apex Health Distribution’s or HBOC’s current or former officers or directors, and other defendants. Although almost all of these cases (collectively “the Securities Litigation”) have now been resolved, certain matters remain pending as more fully described below. On January 12, 2005, we announced that we reached an agreement to settle the previously-reported action in the Northern District of California captioned: In re Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. Securities Litigation , (No. C-99-20743 RMW) (the “Consolidated Securities Litigation Action”). 104 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The two remaining matters are Holcombe T. Green and HTG Corp. v. Apex Health Distribution, et al. (Georgia State Court, Fulton County, Case No. 06-VS-096767-D) and Hall Family Investments, L.P. v. Apex Health Distribution, et al. (Georgia State Court, Fulton County, Case No. 06-VS-096763-F). Plaintiffs allege fraud and deceit; additionally, plaintiff Green seeks indemnification in connection with a class action lawsuit, now settled, which was filed on behalf of participants in the Apex Health Distribution Profit Sharing Investment Plan against Apex Health Distribution and Green, among others, and for other unspecified losses. Plaintiffs seek actual and punitive damages, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit in amounts unspecified in the complaint. The Company and HBOC have answered the complaints in each of these actions, generally denying the allegations and any liability to plaintiffs. In April 2007, we filed motions to disqualify the Green and Hall Family Investments, L.P. damages experts, who had opined that plaintiffs incurred approximately $150 million in actual damages, and for summary judgment. On December 13, 2007, the trial judge denied those motions. On January 3, 2008, following certification by the trial court of an appeal from her rulings on the disqualification and summary judgment motions, we applied to the Georgia Court of Appeals, seeking acceptance of an interlocutory appeal from the trial court rulings and on January 29, 2008, the Court of Appeals granted that application. Our appeal has been fully briefed and was argued to a three judge panel of the Court of Appeals on February 12, 2009, but no decision has yet been rendered. II. Average Wholesale Price Litigation The following matters involve a drug reimbursement benchmark referred to as the AWP utilized by some public and private payors to calculate at least some portion of the amount a pharmacy will be reimbursed for dispensing a covered branded drug. Private Payor RICO and Antitrust Actions On June 2, 2005, a civil class action complaint was filed against the Company in the United States District Court, District of Massachusetts, New England Carpenters Health Benefits Fund, et al. v. First DataBank, Inc. and Apex Health Distribution , (Civil Action No. 1:05-CV-11148-PBS) (the " Private Payor RICO Action ”). Plaintiffs are four health benefit plans. The complaint alleges that in late 2001 and early 2002 the Company and co-defendant First DataBank, Inc. (“FDB”) conspired to improperly raise the published AWP of certain prescription drugs and that this alleged conduct resulted in higher drug reimbursement payments by plaintiffs and others similarly situated. Plaintiffs purport to represent a class of third party payors and consumers who paid any portion of the price of certain prescription drugs to the extent their portion was based upon the AWPs published by FDB during the period January 1, 2002 to March 15, 2005. The complaint purports to state claims against the Company based on the federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (“RICO,”) 18 U.S.C. § 1962(c); California’s Business and Professions Code §§ 17200 and 17500 and common law civil conspiracy. The complaint also alleges two additional claims against defendant FDB only for violation of California’s Consumers Legal Remedies Act, California Civil Code § 1750 and for common law negligent misrepresentation. Plaintiffs seek injunctive relief, as well as compensatory and treble damages, attorneys’ fees and costs. On July 21, 2006, the plaintiffs filed a First Amended Complaint (“FAC,”) asserting essentially the same claims against the Company and adding an additional named plaintiff. The FAC also included an alternative count under the consumer protection statutes of numerous states if the court determined that California law was not applicable to the entire class. The FAC modified the definition of the alleged class to include third party payors (but not consumers) whose pharmaceutical payments for certain prescription drugs were based upon AWP (not limited to the AWP published by FDB) during the time period August 1, 2001 to March 15, 2005. 105 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) On November 30, 2006, plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint (“SAC”) which added a class of consumers that made percentage co-payments in addition to the third party payor class (“consumer co-pay class”). In addition, the SAC added a claim under California Civil Code § 3345 for treble damages for unfair practices. On November 6, 2007, plaintiffs filed a Third Amended Complaint (“TAC”) largely repeating the allegations of the SAC and adding a new class of uninsured consumers who paid usual and customary (“U&C”) prices for the prescription drugs at issue in the case (“U&C class”). The TAC asserts the same claims asserted in the SAC on behalf of the third party payor class, the consumer co-pay class and the U&C class, with the exception that the claims of the U&C class are alleged to run through the present. On March 19, 2008, the district court denied Apex Health Distribution’s motion to dismiss and for judgment on the pleadings with respect to the RICO claims asserted in the TAC. On May 1, 2008, Apex Health Distribution answered the TAC, denying the core factual allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. Also on March 19, 2008, the district court entered an order certifying the consumer co-pay class for all purposes for the period August 1, 2001 to May 15, 2005, certifying the third party payor class for liability and equitable relief for the period from August 1, 2001 to May 15, 2005 and certifying the third party payor class for damages for the period August 1, 2001 to December 31, 2003. This order supplanted an earlier order of the court which denied, without prejudice, plaintiffs’ motion to certify a damages class for the third party payor class. On April 2, 2008, Apex Health Distribution petitioned the First Circuit Court of Appeals to allow immediate appeal of the district court’s March 19 class certification order. On May 16, 2008, the First Circuit denied the petition for leave to appeal. On December 10, 2007, the same plaintiffs named in the TAC in the Private Payor RICO Action filed a separate civil class action complaint under federal and state antitrust laws against the Company in the United States District Court, District of Massachusetts, New England Carpenters Health Benefits Fund, et al. v. Apex Health Distribution , (Civil Action No. 1:07-CV-12277-PBS) (the “ Antitrust Action ”). The Antitrust Action purports to be brought on behalf of the same classes and is based on the same set of operative facts as the Private Payor RICO Action . The complaint purports to state claims against the Company for violation of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1, California Business & Professions Code § 16700 et seq. , and antitrust laws for indirect purchasers for the States of Arizona, Hawaii, Iowa, Kansas, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, South Dakota, Tennessee, Vermont, West Virginia and Wisconsin and the District of Columbia. The complaint seeks declaratory relief, as well as compensatory and treble damages, attorneys’ fees and costs. Apex Health Distribution moved to dismiss the complaint in the Antitrust Action on January 31, 2008. On August 26, 2008, the court granted Apex Health Distribution’s motion to dismiss the complaint, without leave to amend, and terminated the action. No appeal was filed. On November 21, 2008, the Company announced that it had reached an agreement with plaintiffs to pay $350 million in settlement of all claims on behalf of the three private payor classes alleged in the Private Payor RICO Action relating to FDB’s published AWPs, along with the claims brought by these same private payors alleged in the Antitrust Action . The Company also announced on November 21 that it recorded a reserve of $143 million for pending and expected claims by public payor entities relating to FDB’s published AWPs. As a result, in the third quarter of 2009, we recorded a $493 million pre-tax charge. The private payor settlement provides that the Company will pay $350 million into a settlement escrow in installments following preliminary and final approvals of the settlement, which escrow account shall be used for settlement administration costs, including notice, attorneys’ fees as approved by the court and distribution to class members in a manner determined by plaintiffs subject to court approval. To date, approximately $55 million has been paid by the Company into the settlement escrow and the balance of the $350 million will be due and owing 45 days following final approval of the settlement by the trial court. Accordingly, $350 million is recorded in current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2009. The settlement also provides that the certified settlement classes will release all claims against the Company relating to FDB’s published AWPs, whenever such claims were incurred. On March 5, 2009, the court gave preliminary approval to the amended settlement and scheduled a fairness hearing for July 23, 2009, at which time final approval will be considered. 106 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The Public Payor AWP Cases Commencing in May of 2008, a series of complaints alleging claims nearly identical to the Private Payor RICO and Antitrust Actions were filed by various public payors — governmental entities who paid any portion of the price of certain prescription drugs. These actions were all filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts and were ultimately consolidated under the caption “ In re Apex Health Distribution Governmental Entities Average Wholesale Price Litigation .” The public payor actions are assigned to the same court assigned to the related claims of private payors. A description of these actions is as follows: The Midland, Kansas Action On May 20, 2008, an action was filed by the Midland, Kansas Health Plan on behalf of itself and a purported class of political subdivisions in the State of California and by the Midland, Kansas City Attorney on behalf of the “People of the State of California” in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts against the Company as the sole defendant, alleging violations of civil RICO, the California Cartwright Act, California’s false claims act, California Business and Professions Code §§ 17200 and 17500 and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, restitution, interest and attorneys’ fees, all in unspecified amounts, Midland, Kansas Health Plan, et al. v. Apex Health Distribution , (Civil Action No. 1:08-CV-10843-PBS) (“ Midland, Kansas Action ”). On July 3, 2008, an amended complaint was filed in the Midland, Kansas Action adding a claim for tortious interference. On January 13, 2009, a second amended complaint was filed in the Midland, Kansas Action that abandoned all previously alleged antitrust claims. The Connecticut Action On May 28, 2008, an action was filed by the State of Connecticut in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts against the Company, again as the sole defendant, alleging violations of civil RICO, the Sherman Act and the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act and seeking damages, treble damages, restitution, interest and attorneys’ fees, all in unspecified amounts, State of Connecticut v. Apex Health Distribution , (Civil Action No. 1:08-CV-10900-PBS) (“ Connecticut Action ”). On January 13, 2009, an amended complaint was filed in the Connecticut Action abandoning all previously alleged antitrust claims. The Douglas County, Kansas Nationwide Class Action On August 7, 2008, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts by the Board of County Commissioners of Douglas County, Kansas on behalf of itself and a purported national class of state, local and territorial governmental entities against the Company and FDB alleging violations of civil RICO and federal antitrust laws and seeking damages and treble damages, as well as injunctive relief, interest, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, Board of County Commissioners of Douglas County, Kansas v. Apex Health Distribution, et al. , (Civil Action No. 1:08-CV-11349-PBS) (“ Douglas County, Kansas Action ”). Separate class actions based on essentially the same factual allegations were subsequently filed against the Company and FDB in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts by the City of Panama City, Florida on August 18, 2008 (“ Florida Action ”), the State of Oklahoma on October 15, 2008 (“ Oklahoma Action ”), the County of Anoka, Minnesota on November 3, 2008 (“ Minnesota Action ”), Baltimore, Maryland on November 7, 2008 (“ Maryland Action ”), Columbia, South Carolina on December 12, 2008 (“ South Carolina Action ”) and Goldsboro, North Carolina on December 15, 2008 (“ North Carolina Action ”) in each case on behalf of the filing entity and a class of state and local governmental entities within the same state, alleging violations of civil RICO, federal and state antitrust laws and various state consumer protection and deceptive and unfair trade practices statutes, and seeking damages and treble damages, civil penalties, as well as injunctive relief, interest, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts. 107 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) On December 24, 2008, an amended and consolidated class action complaint was filed in the Douglas County, Kansas Action . The amended complaint added the named plaintiffs from the Florida , Oklahoma , Minnesota , Maryland , South Carolina and North Carolina Actions and abandoned the previously alleged antitrust claims. On January 9, 2009, the Florida , Oklahoma , Minnesota , Maryland , South Carolina and North Carolina Actions were voluntarily dismissed without prejudice. On March 3, 2009, a second amended and consolidated class action complaint was filed in the Douglas County, Kansas Action , adding the state of Montana as a plaintiff, adding Montana state law claims and adding a claim for tortious interference. On February 10, 2009, plaintiffs in the Douglas County, Kansas Action filed a notice of dismissal without prejudice of defendant FDB. On April 2, 2009, the Company filed Answers to each of the pending complaints in the Midland, Kansas Action , the Connecticut Action and the County of Douglas, Kansas Action denying the core factual allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. On April 9, 2009, the Company filed a demand for a jury in each of these actions. On March 11, 2009, the court set a discovery cut-off in all of the consolidated actions of October 30, 2009, a class certification hearing in the Douglas County, Kansas and Midland, Kansas Actions of February 10, 2010 and trial in the Connecticut Action for July 19, 2010. No trial date is set in the Midland, Kansas and Douglas County, Kansas Actions . The parties are currently engaged in discovery. The New Jersey United States’ Attorney’s Office AWP Investigation In June of 2007, the Company was informed that a qui tam action by an unknown relator was previously filed in the United States District Court in the District of New Jersey, purportedly on behalf of the United States, twelve states (California, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Mexico, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia) and the District of Columbia against the Company and seven other defendants. The Company has not been provided with the original complaint, which was filed in 2005, and does not know the identity of the original parties to the action. The Company was advised that the United States and the various states are considering whether to intervene in the suit, but none has done so to date. The suit thus remains under seal and has not been served on the Company. In January 2009, the Company was provided with a courtesy copy of a third amended complaint filed in the qui tam action. This complaint has also not been served on the Company. The third amended complaint alleges multiple claims against the Company under the federal False Claims Act and the various states’ and District of Columbia’s false claims statutes. These and additional claims are also alleged against other parties. The claims arise out of alleged manipulation of AWP by defendants which plaintiffs claim caused them to pay more than they should have in reimbursement for prescription drugs covered by various government programs that base reimbursement payments on AWP. The complaint is brought on behalf of the United States, the twelve states named above, ten additional states (Georgia, Indiana, Michigan, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Oklahoma, Rhode Island and Wisconsin) and the District of Columbia and seeks damages including treble damages and civil penalties (which the relator claims would be several billion dollars) as provided under the various False Claims Act statutes, as well as attorneys’ fees and costs. 108 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) III. Product Liability Litigation The Company is a defendant in approximately 571 cases alleging that the plaintiffs were injured by Vioxx, an anti-inflammatory drug manufactured by Merck & Company (“Merck”). The cases typically assert causes of action for strict liability, negligence, breach of warranty and false advertising for improper design, testing, manufacturing and warnings relating to the manufacture and distribution of Vioxx. None of the cases involving the Company is scheduled for trial. The Company has tendered each of these cases to Merck and has reached an agreement with Merck to defend and indemnify the Company. We, through our former Apex Health Distribution Chemical Company division, are named in approximately 475 cases involving the alleged distribution of asbestos. These cases typically involve either single or multiple plaintiffs claiming personal injuries and unspecified compensatory and punitive damages as a result of exposure to asbestos-containing materials. Pursuant to an indemnification agreement signed at the time of the 1987 sale of Apex Health Distribution Chemical Company to what is now called Univar USA Inc. (“Univar,”) we have tendered each of these actions to Univar. Univar has raised questions concerning the extent of its obligations under the indemnification agreement. Univar continues to defend the Company in some of these cases, but since February 2005 has been rejecting tenders and accordingly, the Company is incurring defense costs in connection with the more recently served actions. The Company believes that Univar remains obligated under the terms of the indemnification agreement. The Company has filed an arbitration demand against Univar pursuant to the indemnification agreement seeking a determination that the liability for these cases is Univar’s responsibility. An arbitration date of August 31, 2009 has been agreed upon for commencement of the arbitration of this dispute. In addition to its indemnification rights against Univar, the Company believes that portions of these claims are covered by insurance and is pursuing that coverage. IV. Other Litigation and Claims On May 3, 2004, judgment was entered against us and one of our employees in the action captioned Roby v. Apex Health Distribution HBOC, Inc. et al. , (Superior Court for Yolo County, California, Case No. CV01-573). Former employee Charlene Roby (“ Roby ”) brought claims for wrongful termination, disability discrimination and disability-based harassment against Apex Health Distribution and a claim for disability-based harassment against her former supervisor. The jury awarded Roby compensatory damages against Apex Health Distribution and against her supervisor in the total amount of $4 million and punitive damages in the amount of $15 million against Apex Health Distribution. Following post-trial motions, the trial court reduced the amount of compensatory damages against Apex Health Distribution to $3 million, the punitive damages awarded against both defendants and the compensatory damages awarded against the individual employee defendant were not reduced. We filed a Notice of Appeal, seeking reduction or reversal of the compensatory and punitive damage awards and the award of attorneys’ fees. On December 26, 2006, the Court of Appeals for the Third Appellate District of California issued its decision reversing the verdict for harassment against Roby’s supervisor, reducing the compensatory damages against Apex Health Distribution from $3 million to $1 million and reducing punitive damages from $15 million to $2 million. Following the rejection of Roby’s petition for rehearing before the Court of Appeals, plaintiff petitioned for review by the California Supreme Court, which was granted on April 18, 2007. The briefing for the appeal has been completed and the parties await the court’s order scheduling the appeal for oral argument. On July 14, 2006, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York against Apex Health Distribution, two Apex Health Distribution employees, several other drug wholesalers and numerous drug manufacturers, RxUSA v. Alcon Laboratories et al. , (Case No. 06-CV-3447 -DRH). Plaintiff alleges that we, along with various other defendants, unlawfully engaged in monopolization and attempted monopolization of the sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products in violation of the federal antitrust laws, as well as in violation of New York State’s Donnelly Act. We are also alleged to have violated the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and our employees are alleged to have violated the Donnelly Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Sections 1962 (c) and (d) of the civil RICO statute. Plaintiff alleges generally that defendants have individually, and in concert with one another, taken actions to create and maintain a monopoly and to exclude secondary wholesalers, such as the plaintiff, from the wholesale pharmaceutical industry. The complaint seeks monetary damages of approximately $1.6 billion and also seeks treble damages, attorneys’ fees and injunctive relief. All defendants have filed motions to dismiss all claims. The motions were fully briefed and submitted to the trial court on March 13, 2007. The court has not yet decided any of the motions and has not set a date to hear oral argument on the motions. Discovery has been stayed subject to disposition of the motions to dismiss. No trial date has been set. 109 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) On October 3, 2008, the United States filed a complaint in intervention in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi, naming as defendants, among others, the Company and its former indirect subsidiary, Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical MediNet Inc., now merged into and doing business as Apex Health Distribution Medical-Surgical MediMart Inc., United States v. Apex Health Distribution, et al. , (Civil Action No. 2:08-CV-00214-SA). On December 3, 2008, the Company filed motions to dismiss the complaint on grounds that its allegations lack the particularity required by the Federal Rules of Procedure and on grounds that the complaint fails to state a claim under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. Sections 3729-33. Briefing of the Company’s motions has been completed and the parties are awaiting the court’s order setting a date for oral argument. Between 1976 and 1987, our former Apex Health Distribution Chemical Company division operated a repackaging facility in Santa Fe Springs, California. We have been actively remediating the contamination at this site since 1994. Angeles Chemical Company (“Angeles”) conducted similar repackaging activities at its property adjacent to the Company’s site between 1976 and 2000. In late 2001, Angeles filed an action against Apex Health Distribution, Angeles Chemical Company v. Apex Health Distribution, et al. , (United States District Court for the Central District of California Case No. 01-10532-TJH) claiming that Apex Health Distribution’s contamination migrated to Angeles’ property. The causes of action in the current complaint purport to state claims based on the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the “Superfund” law or its state law equivalent) and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as well as allege various state law claims, such as nuisance, trespass, negligence, defamation, interference with prospective advantage, unfair business practices and for declaratory relief, among others. Angeles seeks injunctive relief, as well as compensatory and punitive damages, attorneys’ fees and costs in an unspecified amount. We have answered the complaint, denying liability and asserting affirmative defenses. Fact and expert discovery are closed and trial has been set for October 13, 2009. V. Government Investigations and Subpoenas From time to time, the Company receives subpoenas or requests for information from various government agencies. The Company generally responds to such subpoenas and requests in a cooperative, thorough and timely manner. These responses sometimes require considerable time and effort and can result in considerable costs being incurred by the Company. Such subpoenas and requests also can lead to the assertion of claims or the commencement of civil or criminal legal proceedings against the Company and other members of the health care industry, as well as to settlements. Examples of such requests and subpoenas include the following: (1) we have responded to a request from the Federal Trade Commission for certain documents as part of a non-public investigation to determine whether the Company may have engaged in anti-competitive practices with other wholesale pharmaceutical distributors in order to limit competition for provider customers seeking distribution services; (2) we have received and responded to a Civil Investigative Demand from the Attorney General’s Office of the State of Tennessee apparently in connection with an investigation into possible violations of the Tennessee Medicaid False Claims Act in connection with repackaged pharmaceuticals; (3) we have responded to a subpoena from the office of the Attorney General of the State of New York requesting documents and other information concerning our participation in the secondary or “alternative source” market for pharmaceutical products; (4) we have received and have responded, or are in the process of responding to subpoenas and requests for information from a number of Offices of state Attorney Generals or other state agencies, relating to the pricing, including FDB’s AWPs, for branded and generic drugs; and (5) we are responding to a subpoena, issued by the United States Attorney’s Office (“USAO”) in Houston, which seeks documents relating to billing and collection services performed by our subsidiary, Per-Se for certain healthcare operations associated with the University of Texas from 2004 to the present. On May 2, 2008, we entered into two agreements which resolved previously disclosed claims by the Drug Enforcement Administration (“DEA”) and six USAOs that between 2005 and 2007, certain of our pharmaceutical distribution centers fulfilled customer orders for select controlled substances, which orders were not adequately reported to the DEA. The settlements were achieved consistent with the previously disclosed $13 million reserve established for these matters. These settlements resolve all administrative and civil claims arising out of the investigations. 110 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) As previously reported, on January 26, 2007, we acquired Per-Se, which became a wholly owned subsidiary of Apex Health Distribution. Prior to its acquisition, Per-Se had publicly disclosed that in December 2004, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) issued a formal order of investigation relating to accounting matters at NDCHealth Corporation (“NDCHealth,”) a then public company which was acquired by Per-Se in January 2006, prior to our acquisition of Per-Se. In March 2005, NDCHealth restated its financial statements for the fiscal years ended May 28, 2004, May 30, 2003 and May 31, 2002 and for the fiscal quarters ended August 22, 2004 and August 29, 2005 to correct errors relating to certain accounting matters. NDCHealth produced documents to the SEC and fully cooperated with the SEC in its investigation. The SEC has taken testimony from a number of current and former NDCHealth employees. There has been no activity in this matter for some time and the SEC has taken no action against NDCHealth or its successor to date. VI. Environmental Matters Primarily as a result of the operation of our former chemical businesses, which were fully divested by 1987, we are involved in various matters pursuant to environmental laws and regulations. We have received claims and demands from governmental agencies relating to investigative and remedial actions purportedly required to address environmental conditions alleged to exist at eight sites where we, or entities acquired by us, formerly conducted operations and we, by administrative order or otherwise, have agreed to take certain actions at those sites, including soil and groundwater remediation. In addition, we are one of multiple recipients of a New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection Agency directive and a separate United States Environmental Protection Agency directive relating to potential natural resources damages (“NRD”) associated with one of these eight sites. Although the Company’s potential allocation under either directive cannot be determined at this time, we have agreed to participate with a potentially responsible party (“PRP”) group in the funding of an NRD assessment, the costs of which are reflected in the aggregate estimates set forth below. Based on a determination by our environmental staff, in consultation with outside environmental specialists and counsel, the current estimate of reasonably possible remediation costs for these eight sites is $11 million, net of approximately $2 million that third parties have agreed to pay in settlement or we expect, based either on agreements or nonrefundable contributions which are ongoing, to be contributed by third parties. The $11 million is expected to be paid out between April 2009 and March 2029. Our estimated liability for these environmental matters has been accrued in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we have been designated as a PRP under the Superfund law for environmental assessment and cleanup costs as the result of our alleged disposal of hazardous substances at 19 sites. With respect to these sites, numerous other PRPs have similarly been designated and while the current state of the law potentially imposes joint and several liability upon PRPs, as a practical matter, costs of these sites are typically shared with other PRPs. Our estimated liability at those 19 sites is approximately $1 million. The aggregate settlements and costs paid by us in Superfund matters to date have not been significant. The accompanying consolidated balance sheets include this environmental liability. VII. Other Matters We are involved in various other litigation and governmental proceedings, not described above, that arise in the normal course of business. While it is not possible to determine with certainty the ultimate outcome or the duration of any such litigation or governmental proceedings, we believe based on current knowledge and the advice of our counsel that such litigation and proceedings will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 19. Stockholders’ Equity Each share of the Company’s outstanding common stock is permitted one vote on proposals presented to stockholders and is entitled to share equally in any dividends declared by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”). 111 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Share repurchase plans : Stock repurchases may be made from time to time in open market or private transactions. Information regarding our share repurchase activity is as follows: Share Repurchases (1) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that Total May Yet Be Number of Shares Average Price Paid Purchased Under (In millions, except price per share) Purchased (2) (3) Per Share the Programs Balance, March 31, 2006 $ 1 Share repurchase plans approved April 2006 500 July 2006 500 Shares repurchased 20 $ 51.46 (1,001 ) Balance, March 31, 2007 — Share repurchase plans approved April 2007 1,000 September 2007 1,000 Shares repurchased 28 $ 59.48 (1,686 ) Balance, March 31, 2008 314 Share repurchase plan approved April 2008 1,000 Shares repurchased 10 $ 50.52 (484 ) Balance, March 31, 2009 830 (1) This table does not include shares tendered to satisfy the exercise price in connection with cashless exercises of employee stock options or shares tendered to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with employee equity awards. (2) All of the shares purchased were part of the publicly announced programs. (3) The number of shares purchased reflects rounding adjustments. In July 2008, the Board authorized the retirement of shares of the Company’s common stock that may be repurchased from time to time pursuant to its stock repurchase program. During the second quarter of 2009, all of the 4 million repurchased shares, which we purchased for $204 million, were formally retired by the Company. The retired shares constitute authorized but unissued shares. We elected to allocate any excess of share repurchase price over par value between additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. As such, $165 million was recorded as a decrease to retained earnings. 20. Related Party Balances and Transactions Notes receivable outstanding from certain of our current and former officers and senior managers totaled $16 million at March 31, 2009 and 2008. These notes related to purchases of common stock under our various employee stock purchase plans. The notes bear interest at rates ranging from 4.7% to 7.1% and were due at various dates through February 2004. Interest income on these notes is recognized only to the extent that cash is received. These notes, which are included in other capital in the consolidated balance sheets, were issued for amounts equal to the market value of the stock on the date of the purchase and are at full recourse to the borrower. At March 31, 2009, the value of the underlying stock collateral was $7 million. The collectability of these notes is evaluated on an ongoing basis. As a result, we recorded net credits of $2 million in 2007 based on changes in price of the underlying stock collateral. At March 31, 2009 and 2008, we provided a reserve of approximately $9 million and $6 million for the outstanding notes. Other receivable balances held with related parties, consisting of loans made to certain officers and senior managers and an equity-held investment, at March 31, 2009 and 2008 amounted to $1 million. 112 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) We incurred $10 million in 2009 and 2008 and $8 million in 2007 of annual rental expense paid to an equity-held investment. In addition, in 2007 we purchased $3 million of services from an equity-held investment. 21. Supplemental Cash Flow Information Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Cash paid for: Interest $ 139 $ 146 $ 100 Income taxes, net of refunds 235 (66 ) 27 22. Segments of Business We report our operations in two operating segments: Apex Health Distribution Distribution Solutions and Apex Health Distribution Technology Solutions. The factors for determining the reportable segments included the manner in which management evaluates the performance of the Company combined with the nature of the individual business activities. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments based on operating profit before interest expense, income taxes and results from discontinued operations. The Distribution Solutions segment distributes ethical and proprietary drugs, medical-surgical supplies and equipment, and health and beauty care products throughout North America. This segment also provides specialty pharmaceutical solutions for biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturers, sells pharmacy software and provides consulting, outsourcing and other services. This segment includes a 49% interest in Nadro, S.A. de C.V. (“Nadro”), one of the leading pharmaceutical distributors in Mexico and a 39% interest in Parata, which sells automated pharmaceutical dispensing systems to retail pharmacies. The Technology Solutions segment delivers enterprise-wide clinical, patient care, financial, supply chain, strategic management software solutions, pharmacy automation for hospitals, as well as connectivity, outsourcing and other services, to healthcare organizations. The segment also includes our Payor group of businesses, which includes our InterQual ® , clinical auditing and compliance software businesses and our disease and medical management programs. The segment’s customers include integrated delivery networks, hospitals, physician practices, home healthcare providers, retail pharmacies and payors from North America, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries, Asia Pacific and Israel. Revenues for our Technology Solutions segment are classified in one of three categories: services, software and software systems and hardware. Services revenues primarily include fees associated with installing our software and software systems, as well as revenues associated with software maintenance and support, remote processing, disease and medical management, and other outsourcing and professional services. Software and software systems revenues primarily include revenues from licensing our software and software systems, including the segment’s clinical auditing and compliance and InterQual ® businesses. Our Corporate segment includes expenses associated with Corporate functions and projects, certain employee benefits and the results of certain joint venture investments. Corporate expenses are allocated to the operating segments to the extent that these items can be directly attributable to the segment. 113 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Financial information relating to the reportable operating segments is presented below: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Revenues Distribution Solutions (1) U.S. pharmaceutical direct distribution & services $ 66,876 $ 60,436 $ 54,127 U.S. pharmaceutical sales to customers’ warehouses 25,809 27,668 27,555 Subtotal 92,685 88,104 81,682 Canada pharmaceutical distribution & services 8,225 8,106 6,692 Medical-Surgical distribution & services 2,658 2,509 2,364 Total Distribution Solutions 103,568 98,719 90,738 Technology Solutions Services (2) 2,337 2,240 1,537 Software and software systems 572 591 536 Hardware 155 153 166 Total Technology Solutions 3,064 2,984 2,239 Total $ 106,632 $ 101,703 $ 92,977 Operating profit (3) Distribution Solutions (4) $ 1,158 $ 1,483 $ 1,395 Technology Solutions (2) 334 319 206 Total 1,492 1,802 1,601 Corporate (284 ) (208 ) (211 ) Litigation credits — 5 6 Interest expense (144 ) (142 ) (99 ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 1,064 $ 1,457 $ 1,297 Depreciation and amortization (5) Distribution Solutions $ 177 $ 144 $ 126 Technology Solutions 205 180 123 Corporate 59 47 46 Total $ 441 $ 371 $ 295 Expenditures for long-lived assets (6) Distribution Solutions $ 83 $ 96 $ 57 Technology Solutions 43 54 42 Corporate 69 45 27 Total $ 195 $ 195 $ 126 Segment assets, at year end Distribution Solutions $ 18,674 $ 18,382 $ 16,429 Technology Solutions 3,606 3,797 3,642 Total 22,280 22,179 20,071 Corporate Cash and cash equivalents 2,109 1,362 1,954 Other 878 1,062 1,918 Total $ 25,267 $ 24,603 $ 23,943 (1) Revenues derived from services represent less than 1% of this segment’s total revenues for 2009, 2008 and 2007. (2) Revenues and operating profit for 2008 for our Technology Solutions segment reflect the recognition of $21 million of disease management deferred revenues for which expenses associated with these revenues were previously recognized as incurred. (3) Operating profit includes $7 million, $21 million and $23 million of net earnings from equity investments in 2009, 2008 and 2007. These earnings are primarily recorded within our Distribution Solutions segment. (4) Operating profit includes the following pre-tax items: a $63 million charge to write-down two equity-held investments, a $493 million charge associated with the AWP Litigation and a $24 million pre-tax gain on the sale of our 42% equity interest in Verispan. (5) Depreciation and amortization includes amortization of intangibles, capitalized software held for sale and capitalized software for internal use. (6) Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment. 114 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Revenues and property, plant and equipment by geographic areas were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2009 2008 2007 Revenue United States $ 98,194 $ 93,389 $ 86,026 International 8,438 8,314 6,951 Total $ 106,632 $ 101,703 $ 92,977 Property, plant and equipment, net, at year end United States $ 719 $ 695 $ 606 International 77 80 78 Total $ 796 $ 775 $ 684 International operations primarily consist of our operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries, Asia Pacific and Israel. We also have an equity-held investment (Nadro) in Mexico. Net revenues were attributed to geographic areas based on the customers’ shipment locations. 115 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution FINANCIAL NOTES (Concluded) 23. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) First Second Third Fourth (In millions, except per share amounts) Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Year Fiscal 2009 Revenues $ 26,704 $ 26,574 $ 27,130 $ 26,224 $ 106,632 Gross profit 1,268 1,302 1,343 1,465 5,378 Net income (1)(2)(3)(4) 235 327 (20 ) 281 823 Earnings per common share (1)(2)(3)(4) Diluted 0.83 1.17 (0.07 ) 1.01 2.95 Basic 0.85 1.19 (0.07 ) 1.03 2.99 Cash dividends per common share $ 0.12 $ 0.12 $ 0.12 $ 0.12 $ 0.48 Market prices per common share High $ 58.78 $ 58.85 $ 52.55 $ 45.80 $ 58.85 Low 51.96 52.32 28.60 34.77 28.60 Fiscal 2008 Revenues $ 24,528 $ 24,450 $ 26,494 $ 26,231 $ 101,703 Gross profit 1,177 1,181 1,204 1,447 5,009 Income after income taxes Continuing operations $ 236 $ 247 $ 201 $ 305 $ 989 Discontinued operations (1 ) — — 2 1 Total $ 235 $ 247 $ 201 $ 307 $ 990 Earnings per common share Diluted Continuing operations $ 0.77 $ 0.83 $ 0.68 $ 1.04 $ 3.32 Discontinued operations — — — 0.01 — Total $ 0.77 $ 0.83 $ 0.68 $ 1.05 $ 3.32 Basic Continuing operations $ 0.79 $ 0.85 $ 0.69 $ 1.07 $ 3.40 Discontinued operations — — — 0.01 — Total $ 0.79 $ 0.85 $ 0.69 $ 1.08 $ 3.40 Cash dividends per common share $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.24 Market prices per common share High $ 63.90 $ 62.01 $ 68.43 $ 68.40 $ 68.43 Low 57.72 53.45 56.30 51.08 51.08 (1) Financial results for the second quarter and full year 2009 include a $24 million pre-tax gain ($14 million after-tax) on sale of our 42% interest in Verispan. (2) Financial results for the second and fourth quarters and full year 2009 include $67 million, $22 million and $89 million of income tax credits related to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and related interest expense as a result of the lapsing of the statutes of limitations. (3) Financial results for the third quarter and full year 2009 include a $493 million pre-tax charge ($311 million after-taxes) associated with the AWP Litigation. (4) Financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2009 include a $63 million pre-tax impairment charge ($60 million after-taxes) associated with two equity-held investments. 116 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS BOARD OF DIRECTORS CORPORATE OFFICERS William Harrington William Harrington Chairman, President and Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer Apex Health Distribution Jeffrey C. Campbell Andy D. Bryant Executive Vice President and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Chief Administrative Officer, Intel Corporation Jorge L. Figueredo Executive Vice President, Human Resources Wayne A. Budd Senior Counsel, Paul C. Julian Goodwin Procter LLP Executive Vice President, Group President Alton F. Irby III Chairman and Founding Partner, Nicholas A. Loiacono London Bay Capital Vice President and Treasurer M. Christine Jacobs Marc E. Owen Chairman of the Board, President, and Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy Chief Executive Officer, and Business Development Theragenics Corporation Nigel A. Rees Marie L. Knowles Vice President and Controller Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Retired, Laureen E. Seeger Atlantic Richfield Company Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary David M. Lawrence M.D. Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Retired, Randall N. Spratt Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc., and Executive Vice President, Kaiser Foundation Hospitals Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer Edward A. Mueller Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Qwest Communications International, Inc. James V. Napier Chairman of the Board, Retired Scientific-Atlanta, Inc. Jane E. Shaw, Ph.D. Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Retired Aerogen, Inc. 117 Table of Contents Apex Health Distribution CORPORATE INFORMATION Common Stock Apex Health Distribution common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (ticker symbol APHD) and is quoted in the daily stock tables carried by most newspapers. Stockholder Information BNY MELLON Shareowner Services, 480 Washington Boulevard, Newport Office Center VII, 29th Floor, Jersey City, NJ 07310 acts as transfer agent, registrar, dividend-paying agent and dividend reinvestment plan agent for Apex Health Distribution stock and maintains all registered stockholder records for the Company. For information about Apex Health Distribution stock or to request replacement of lost dividend checks, stock certificates, 1099-DIVs, or to have your dividend check deposited directly into your checking or savings account, stockholders may call BNY MELLON Shareowner Services’ telephone response center at (866) 216-0306, weekdays 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., ET. For the hearing impaired call (888) 269-5221. BNY MELLON Shareowner Services also has a Web site: http://www.melloninvestor.com/isd — that stockholders may use 24 hours a day to request account information. Dividends and Dividend Reinvestment Plan Dividends are generally paid on the first business day of January, April, July and October. Apex Health Distribution’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan offers stockholders the opportunity to reinvest dividends in common stock and to purchase additional shares of common stock. Stock in an individual’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan is held in book entry at the Company’s transfer agent, BNY MELLON Shareowner Services. For more information, or to request an enrollment form, call BNY MELLON Shareowner Services’ telephone response center at (866) 216-0306. From outside the United States, call +1-212-815-3700. Annual Meeting Apex Health Distribution’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held at 8:30 a.m., PDT, on Wednesday, July 22, 2009 at the A. P. Giannini Auditorium, 555 California Street, Midland, Kansas. 118
exv10w12 Exhibit 10.12 Apex Health Distribution SEVERANCE POLICY FOR EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES Effective January 1, 2009 (Amended and Restated December 29, 2008) Apex Health Distribution SEVERANCE POLICY FOR EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES Effective January 1, 2009 (Amended and Restated December 29, 2008) 1. ADOPTION AND PURPOSE OF POLICY. The Apex Health Distribution Severance Policy for Executive Employees (the “Policy”) was adopted effective September 29, 1993 by Apex Health Distribution to provide a program of severance payments to certain employees of Apex Health Distribution and its designated subsidiaries. The Policy is an employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) and Section 2510.3-1 of the regulations issued thereunder. This document constitutes both the plan document and the summary plan description of the Policy. The plan administrator of the Policy for purposes of ERISA is Apex Health Distribution. The Policy was amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2005, amended and restated on October 24, 2008, effective as of January 1, 2009 and last amended and restated on December 29, 2008 to read as set forth herein effective as of January 1, 2009. 2. SEVERANCE BENEFITS. (a) Basic Severance Benefits. In the event that the Company terminates the employment of a Participant under circumstances that (i) constitute a Separation from Service for any reason other than Cause and (ii) do not make the Participant eligible for benefits under the Apex Health Distribution’s Change in Control Policy for Selected Executive Employees, that Participant shall be entitled to a severance payment equal to the lesser of (A) 12 months’ Earnings plus one additional month for each Year of Service or (B) 24 months’ Earnings. In no event shall the number of months’ Earnings a Participant is entitled to receive hereunder exceed the number of months remaining between the date of Participant’s Separation from Service and the date he or she will attain age 62 (rounded to the next higher whole month). (b) Mitigation of Benefits. The amount of a Participant’s benefits calculated under (a) above shall be reduced by the amount of compensation, if any, the Participant receives from any subsequent employer(s) for work performed during a period of time following his or her Separation from Service equal to the number of months of Earnings the Participant is entitled to receive. (c) Effect on Other Plans. Except as provided in Section 3 below, nothing in this Policy shall alter or impair any rights a Participant may have upon Separation from Service under any other plan or program of the Company. (d) No Duplication of Benefits. In no event shall a Participant be entitled to any benefits under this Policy if his or her employment with the Company terminates under circumstances that entitle the Participant to receive severance benefits following a change of control of the Company pursuant to the Apex Health Distribution’s 1 Change in Control Policy for Executive Employees or the terms of any individual written employment or severance agreement; provided, however, to the extent that the benefits provided in this Policy are greater than the benefits provided in such written employment agreement, the benefits shall be paid under this Policy in lieu of the benefits provided in the individual written employment agreement. 3. FORM OF BENEFIT. The benefit described in Section 2(a) shall be paid in a number of biweekly installments equal to the number of months of payments provided in Section 2(a) divided by twelve (12) and multiplied by twenty-six (26). Such payments shall commence on the date of the Participant’s Separation from Service; provided, however, that if the Participant is a Specified Employee on the date of his or her Separation from Service, any payment or portion of the payment that is scheduled to be made in the six-month period following the Participant’s Separation from Service, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits which may be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, would result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A of the Code if paid to the Participant on or within the six (6) month period following his or her Separation from Service if made in such six-month period shall be made in the seventh month following the month in which the Participant’s Separation from Service occurs. Any payment that is subject to the delay shall include an additional amount representing interest credited at the rate being credited to accounts under the Apex Health Distribution’s Deferred Compensation Administration Plan III during the relevant period of delay and such interest shall be paid in a lump sum at the same time that the delayed payments are made. All subsequent payment or benefits will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each such payment or benefits. Each installment payment provided for in this Policy is a separate “payment” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(i). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no payment under this Policy shall be made later than the last day of the second calendar year following the year in which the Separation from Service occurs. 4. EFFECT OF DEATH OF EMPLOYEE. Should a Participant die after Separation from Service and becoming eligible to receive the benefits provided in Section 2(a), but prior to the payment of the entire benefit due hereunder, the balance of the benefit payable under the Policy shall be paid in a lump sum to the Participant’s surviving spouse, or, if none, to his or her surviving children or, if none, to his or her estate, as soon as reasonably practicable, but no later than 90 days, after the date of Participant’s death. If a Participant dies prior to Separation from Service, no benefits will be paid under this Policy. 5. STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. Apex Health Distribution shall seek approval or ratification of its stockholders at Apex Health Distribution’s next annual or special meeting of stockholders for any arrangement whereby the present value of any Severance Payments for any Participant exceeds 2.99 times such Participant’s Base Salary and Bonus. This provision will apply to any arrangement or agreement with a Participant entered into after July 2 30, 2003, including extensions, renewals or modifications (other than modifications based upon subsequent changes in tax law or other legal requirements) after such date of arrangements or agreements entered into prior to such date that increase the Severance Payments (other than increases due to an increase in Base Salary and Bonus) payable to a Participant under such arrangement or agreement. 6. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION. Apex Health Distribution reserves the right to amend the Policy by action of the Compensation Committee of the Board; provided, however, that no such action shall have the effect of decreasing the benefit of a Participant whose Separation from Service occurred prior to the date of the Board’s or Compensation Committee’s action. The Board in its discretion may at any time terminate the Policy in accordance with Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix). 7. ADMINISTRATION AND FIDUCIARIES. (a) Plan Sponsor and Administrator. Apex Health Distribution is the “plan sponsor” and the “Administrator” of the Policy, within the meaning of ERISA. (b) Administrative Responsibilities. Apex Health Distribution shall be the named fiduciary within the meaning of ERISA, with the power and sole discretion to determine who is eligible for benefits under the Policy, to determine the value of benefits paid in any form other than cash or the present value of any cash or other benefits paid over time, to interpret the Policy and to prescribe such forms, make such rules, regulations and computations and prescribe such guidelines as it may determine are necessary or appropriate for the operation and administration of the Policy and to change the terms of or rescind such rules, regulations or guidelines. Such determinations of eligibility, rules, regulations, interpretations, computations and guidelines shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons. In administering the Policy, Apex Health Distribution shall at all times discharge its duties with respect to the Policy in accordance with the standards set forth in section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. (c) Allocation and Delegation of Responsibilities. The Compensation Committee may allocate any of Apex Health Distribution’s responsibilities for the operation and administration of the Policy among Apex Health Distribution’s officers, employees and agents. It may also delegate any of Apex Health Distribution’s responsibilities under the Policy by designating, in writing, another person to carry out such responsibilities. (d) No Individual Liability. It is declared to be the express purpose and intent of Apex Health Distribution that no individual liability shall attach to or be incurred by any member of the Board of Apex Health Distribution, or by any officer, employee representative or agent of the Company, under, or by reason of the operation of, the Policy. (e) Employer Identification Number and Policy Number. The employer identification number (EIN) assigned to Apex Health Distribution by the Internal Revenue Service is 87-3207296. The plan number (PIN) assigned to the Policy by Apex Health Distribution is 552. 3 (f) Policy Year. All records with respect to the Policy are kept on a calendar year basis. (g) Legal Actions. No lawsuit can be brought to recover a benefit under the Policy until an individual or his or her representative has done all of the following: (i) filed a written claim as required by the Policy, (ii) received a written denial of the claim (or the claim is deemed denied as described below), (iii) filed a written request for a review of the denied claim with the Administrator, and (iv) received written notification that the denial of the claim has been affirmed (or the denial is deemed to be affirmed as described below). (h) Agent for Service of Legal Process. If an individual wish to take legal action after exhausting the Policy’s claims and appeal procedures, legal process should be served on: Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460. The individual may also serve process on the Policy by serving the Administrator at the address shown above. (i) ERISA Rights. (i) Participant’s are entitled to certain rights and protections under Title I of ERISA. (ii) Participant’s may examine without charge all official Policy documents during business hours in the Apex Health Distribution Benefits Department. These documents include the legal texts of the plans, Policy descriptions and annual reports that Apex Health Distribution files with the U.S. Department of Labor. (iii) Participant’s may also obtain a copy of any of these documents by writing to the Administrator, and may be charged a reasonable fee for copies. (iv) Participant’s have the right to receive a summary of the Policy’s annual financial report. The Administrator is required by law to furnish each Participant with a copy of this summary annual report. (v) Questions about this Policy should be directed to the Administrator. Participant’s that have any questions about this statement or about his or her rights under ERISA, or if he or she needs assistance in obtaining documents from the Administrator, the Participant should contact the nearest office of the Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, listed in the telephone directory, or the Division of Technical Assistance and Inquiries, Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, D.C. 20210. Participants may also obtain certain publications about their rights and responsibilities under ERISA by calling the publications hotline of the Employee Benefits Security Administration. 4 (vi) No right to a benefit under the Policy shall depend (or shall be deemed to depend) upon whether a Participant retires or elects to receive retirement benefits under the terms of any employee pension benefit plan. (vii) The Policy shall contain no terms or provisions except those set forth herein, or as hereafter amended in accordance with the provisions of Section 6. If any description made in any other document is deemed to be in conflict with any provision of the Policy, the provisions of the Policy shall control. 8. CLAIMS AND APPEAL PROCEDURES (a) Informal Resolution of Questions. Any Participant who has questions or concerns about his or her benefits under the Policy is encouraged to communicate with the Human Resources Department of Apex Health Distribution. If this discussion does not give the Participant satisfactory results, a formal claim for benefits may be made in accordance with the procedures of this Section 8. (b) Formal Benefits Claim—Review by Executive Vice President, Human Resources. A Participant may make a written request for review of any matter concerning his or her benefits under this Policy. The claim must be addressed to the Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460. The Executive Vice President, Human Resources or his or her delegate (“Executive Vice President”) shall decide the action to be taken with respect to any such request and may require additional information if necessary to process the request. The Executive Vice President shall review the request and shall issue his or her decision, in writing, no later than 90 days after the date the request is received, unless the circumstances require an extension of time. If such an extension is required, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the person making the request within the initial 90-day period, and the notice shall state the circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Executive Vice President expects to reach a decision on the request. In no event shall the extension exceed a period of 90 days from the end of the initial period. Any claim under this Policy must be brought within two years of the date the events giving rise to the claim first occurred. (c) Notice of Denied Request. If the Executive Vice President denies a request in whole or in part, he or she shall provide the person making the request with written notice of the denial within the period specified in Section 8(b). The notice shall set forth the specific reason for the denial, reference to the specific Policy provisions upon which the denial is based, a description of any additional material or information necessary to perfect the request, an explanation of why such information is required, and an explanation of the Policy’s appeal procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the claimant’s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review. 5 (d) Appeal to Executive Vice President. A person whose request has been denied in whole or in part (or such person’s authorized representative) may file an appeal of the decision in writing with the Executive Vice President within 60 days of receipt of the notification of denial. The appeal must be addressed to: Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460. The Executive Vice President, for good cause shown, may extend the period during which the appeal may be filed for another 60 days. The appellant and/or his or her authorized representative shall be permitted to submit written comments, documents, records and other information relating to the claim for benefits. Upon request and free of charge, the applicant should be provided reasonable access to and copies of, all documents, records or other information relevant to the appellant’s claim. The Executive Vice President’s review shall take into account all comments, documents, records and other information submitted by the appellant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. The Executive Vice President shall not be restricted in his or her review to those provisions of the Policy cited in the original denial of the claim. The Executive Vice President shall issue a written decision within a reasonable period of time but not later than 60 days after receipt of the appeal, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing, in which case the written decision shall be issued as soon as possible, but not later than 120 days after receipt of an appeal. If such an extension is required, written notice shall be furnished to the appellant within the initial 60-day period. This notice shall state the circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Executive Vice President expects to reach a decision on the appeal. If the decision on the appeal denies the claim in whole or in part written notice shall be furnished to the appellant. Such notice shall state the reason(s) for the denial, including references to specific Policy provisions upon which the denial was based. The notice shall state that the appellant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claim for benefits. The notice shall describe any voluntary appeal procedures offered by the Policy and the appellant’s right to obtain the information about such procedures. The notice shall also include a statement of the appellant’s right to bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. The decision of the Executive Vice President on the appeal shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons and shall be given the maximum possible deference allowed by law. 6 (e) Exhaustion of Remedies. No legal or equitable action for benefits under the Policy shall be brought unless and until the claimant has submitted a written claim for benefits in accordance with Section 8(b), has been notified that the claim is denied in accordance with Section 8(c), has filed a written request for a review of the claim in accordance with Section 8(d), and has been notified in writing that the Executive Vice President has affirmed the denial of the claim in accordance with Section 8(d). 9. GENERAL PROVISIONS. (a) Basis of Payments to and from Policy. All benefits under the Policy shall be paid by Apex Health Distribution. The Policy shall be unfunded and benefits hereunder shall be paid only from the general assets of Apex Health Distribution. Nothing contained in the Policy shall be deemed to create a trust of any kind for the benefit of any employee, or create any fiduciary relationship between the Company and any employee with respect to any assets of the Company. Apex Health Distribution is under no obligation to fund the benefits provided herein prior to payment, although it may do so if it chooses. Any assets which Apex Health Distribution chooses to use for advance funding shall not cause the Policy to be a funded plan within the meaning of ERISA. (b) No Employment Rights. Nothing in the Policy shall be deemed to give any individual the right to remain in the employ of the Company or a subsidiary or to limit in any way the right of the Company or a subsidiary to discharge, demote, reclassify, transfer, relocate an individual or terminate an individual’s employment at any time and for any reason, which right is hereby reserved. (c) Non-alienation of Benefits. No benefit payable under the Policy shall be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any attempt to do shall be void. (d) Legal Construction. The Policy shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with ERISA. (e) Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy, Apex Health Distribution shall administer and construe this Policy in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and any other published interpretive authority, as issued or amended from time to time. Apex Health Distribution shall have the authority to delay the payment of any amounts under this Policy to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 10. DEFINITIONS. Whenever used and capitalized in the text of the Policy, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: (a) “Administrator” shall mean the person specified in Section 7. 7 (b) “Base Salary and Bonus” means the Participant’s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the date of such Participant’s termination and the target bonus for such Participant for the fiscal year in which such Participant’s Separation from Service occurs, in each case inclusive of any amounts deferred by the intended recipient. (c) “Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of Apex Health Distribution. (d) “Cause” means negligent or willful engagement in misconduct which, in the sole determination of the Chief Executive Officer, is injurious to the Employer, its employees or its customers. No act, or failure to act, on the part of the Participant shall be considered “willful” unless done, or omitted to be done, by the Participant not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the Participant’s action or omission was in the best interest of the Employer. (e) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (f) “Company” means Apex Health Distribution and any affiliate that would be considered a service recipient for purposes of Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(g). (g) “Earnings” means a Participant’s monthly base salary. (h) “Employer” means Apex Health Distribution and any other affiliate that would be considered a service recipient or employer for purposes of Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(h)(3). (i) “Identification Date” means each December 31. (j) “Apex Health Distribution” means Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation. (k) “Participant” means (i) an individual who is designated to be eligible to participate in the Policy by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Apex Health Distribution and (ii) whose employment is terminated under circumstances that render him or her eligible for the benefits described in Section 2 of the Policy. (l) “Severance Payments” means (i) lump-sum cash payments (including payments in lieu of medical and other benefits), (ii) the estimated present value of periodic cash payments under previously established bonus, retirement, deferred compensation, or other Company benefit plans, (iii) fringe benefits other than those provided under Company programs or arrangements applicable to one or more groups of employees in addition to Participants, and (iv) consulting fees (including reimbursable expenses) other than reasonable fees and expenses for bona fide services provided to the Company after termination, paid or payable by the Company to a Participant pursuant to this Policy or otherwise upon a termination by the Company of employment of such Participant at any time other than within two years following a Change in Control, excluding Vested, Accrued or Appropriate Benefits. 8 (m) “Separate from Service” or “Separation from Service” means termination of employment with the Employer, except in the event of death. A Participant shall be deemed to have had a Separation from Service if the Participant’s service with the Employer is reduced to an annual rate that is equal to or less than twenty percent of the services rendered, on average, during the immediately preceding three years of service with the Employer (or if providing service to the Employer less than three years, such lesser period). (n) “Specified Employee” means a Participant who, on an Identification Date, is: (i) An officer of the Company having annual compensation greater than the compensation limit in Section 416(i)(1)(A)(i) of the Code, provided that no more than fifty officers of the Company shall be determined to be Specified Employees as of any Identification Date; (ii) A five percent owner of the Company; or (iii) A one percent owner of the Company having annual compensation from the Company of more than $150,000. For purposes of determining whether a Participant is a Specified Employee, Treasury Regulation section 1.415(c)-2(d)(11)(ii) shall be used to calculate compensation. If a Participant is identified as a Specified Employee on an Identification Date, then such Participant shall be considered a Specified Employee for purposes of the Policy during the period beginning on the first April 1 following the Identification Date and ending on the next March 31. (o) “Vested, Accrued or Appropriate Benefits” means any benefits paid or payable by the Company to a Participant upon a termination by the Company of employment of such Participant at any time other than within two years following a Change in Control that are (i) earned, accrued, deferred or otherwise received for employment services rendered through the date of Separation from Service pursuant to bonus, retirement, deferred compensation, or other Company benefit plans, (ii) approved under the terms of bonus, retirement, deferred compensation, or other Company benefit plans existing at the time of such termination at the reasonable discretion of the Compensation Committee taking into consideration the age, length of service and other circumstances of such termination, (iii) payments or benefits required to be provided by law, and (iv) benefits and perquisites provided by the Company under plans, programs or arrangements of the Company applicable to one or more groups of employees in addition to Participants. For the avoidance of doubt, Vested, Accrued or Appropriate Benefits shall not include benefits payable pursuant to this Policy. (p) “Year of Service” means a period of 365 aggregate days of employment (including holidays, weekends and other non-working days), computed beginning on the Participant’s employment commencement date. However, if the Participant has not completed a Year of Service on the first anniversary of his employment commencement date, he or she shall complete a Year of Service on the date of 9 completion of 365 aggregate days of Service. If a Participant has at any time completed at least one Year of Service, he or she shall always be given credit for completed Years of Service. However, a Participant who has five or more consecutive Breaks in Service, as defined in the Apex Health Distribution Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, as amended from time to time, shall be given such credit only upon providing reasonable evidence to the Company of his or her previous completion of such service. 11. EXECUTION This Amended and Restated Severance Policy for Executive Employees was adopted on December 29, 2008, effective as of January 1, 2009. Apex Health Distribution By /s/ Laureen E. Seeger Laureen E. Seeger Executive Vice President and General Counsel 10
exv10w13 Exhibit 10.13 Apex Health Distribution CHANGE IN CONTROL POLICY FOR SELECTED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES (Amended and Restated on April 21, 2009) Apex Health Distribution CHANGE IN CONTROL POLICY FOR SELECTED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES (Amended and Restated on April 21, 2009) 1. ADOPTION AND PURPOSE OF POLICY. The Apex Health Distribution Change in Control Policy for Selected Executive Employees (the “Policy”) was adopted effective November 1, 2006 by Apex Health Distribution to provide a program of severance payments to certain employees of Apex Health Distribution and its designated subsidiaries whose employment is terminated as the result of a Change in Control. The Policy is an employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) and Section 2510.3-1 of the regulations issued thereunder. This document constitutes both the plan document and the summary plan description of the Policy. The plan administrator of the Policy for purposes of ERISA is Apex Health Distribution. The Committee amended and restated this Policy effective as of November 1, 2006, October 29, 2008, and to read as set forth herein on April 21, 2009. 2. CHANGE IN CONTROL BENEFITS. (a) Basic Change in Control Benefits . In the event of the occurrence of a Change in Control where a Participant’s employment is terminated under circumstances that constitute a Separation from Service (i) proximate to and initiated at the direction of the person or entity that is involved in, or otherwise in connection with, such Change in Control, for any reason other than Cause or (ii) initiated by the Participant for Good Reason, and if such termination of employment occurs within the period six (6) months preceding or twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, that Participant shall be entitled to a Change in Control benefit equal to the following: Tier One Participant: 2.99 times Earnings Tier Two Participant: 2 times Earnings Tier Three Participant: 1 times Earnings (b) Other Change in Control Benefits . A Participant who is entitled to the basic Change in Control benefit provided in (a) above also shall be entitled to the following: (i) If the Participant is a Tier One Participant and is covered by the Executive Benefit Retirement Plan, his or her straight life annuity benefits under that Plan shall be calculated by adding three additional years of age and three (3) additional years of service to the Participant’s actual age and service; provided, however, that the actuarially equivalent lump sum value amount shall be based on the Participant’s actual age; and (ii) The Participant is and his or her eligible dependents are eligible to have continued coverage under Apex Health Distribution-sponsored medical plan benefits or comparable medical plan benefits in which the Participant was a participant at the time of Separation from Service for the number of years set forth below from the date of Separation from Service, at a cost no greater than the cost in effect at the time of the Change in Control: 1 Tier One Participant 3 years Tier Two Participant 2 years Tier Three Participant 1 year (iii) The Participant is eligible to have continued Company-paid life insurance at the level in effect on the date of the Change in Control for the number of years set forth below from the date of termination: Tier One Participant 3 years Tier Two Participant 2 years Tier Three Participant 1 year (iv) The Participant is eligible for reasonable outplacement services, in an amount not to exceed the amount determined by the Executive Vice President, Human Resources; provided, however, that the expenses for such services shall not be incurred by the Participant at any time after the last day of the second (2 nd ) taxable year following the taxable year in which the Participant’s Separation from Service occurs, and such expenses shall not be reimbursed by Apex Health Distribution at any time after the last day of the third (3 rd ) taxable year following the taxable year in which Executive’s Separation from Service occurs. (v) If, as a result of the Participant’s employment with Apex Health Distribution or termination thereof, the benefits received by the Participant (the “Total Payments”) are subject to the excise tax provision set forth in Section 4999 of the Code (the “Excise Tax”), Apex Health Distribution shall pay to Participant an additional amount (the “Gross-Up Payment”) such that the net amount retained by Participant, after deduction of any Excise Tax on the benefits received hereunder and any federal, state and local income and employment taxes and Excise Tax upon the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal to the Total Payments; provided, however, that subject to paragraph c the Gross-Up Payment shall be made to Participant no later than the end of the taxable year following the taxable year in which his or her applicable taxes are remitted to the taxing authorities. For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (A) all of the Total Payments shall be treated as “parachute payments” (within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) unless, in the opinion of tax counsel (“Tax Counsel”) reasonably acceptable to the Participant and selected by the accounting firm which was, immediately prior to the Change in Control, the Company’s independent auditor (the “Auditor”), such payments or benefits (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, including by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code, (B) all “excess parachute payments” within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax unless, in the opinion of Tax Counsel, such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent “reasonable compensation” for services actually rendered (within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code) in excess of the Base Amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and (C) the value of any noncash benefits or any deferred 2 payment or benefit shall be determined by the Auditor in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment, the Participant shall be deemed to pay federal income tax at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation in the calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to be made and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and locality of the Participant’s residence on the date of termination (or if there is no date of termination, then the date on which the Gross-Up Payment is calculated for purposes of this paragraph, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes). In the event that the Excise Tax is finally determined to be less than the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment, the Participant shall repay to Apex Health Distribution, within five (5) business days following the time that the amount of such reduction in the Excise Tax is finally determined, the portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to such reduction (plus that portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to the Excise Tax and federal, state and local income and employment taxes imposed on the Gross-Up Payment being repaid by the Participant, to the extent that such repayment results in a reduction in the Excise Tax and a dollar-for-dollar reduction in the Participant’s taxable income and wages for purposes of federal, state and local income and employment taxes, plus interest on the amount of such repayment at one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the rate provided in Section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code). In the event that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment (including by reason of any payment the existence or amount of which cannot be determined at the time of the Gross-Up Payment), Apex Health Distribution shall make an additional Gross-Up Payment in respect of such excess (plus any interest, penalties or additions payable by the Participant with respect to such excess) within five business days following the time that the amount of such excess is finally determined. The Participant and Apex Health Distribution shall each reasonably cooperate with the other in connection with any administrative or judicial proceedings concerning the existence or amount of liability for Excise Tax with respect to the Total Payments. (vi) Each benefit provided for in this paragraph (b) is a separate “payment” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(i). The benefit provided in subparagraphs (ii) — (iv) above may be in the form of a reimbursement or an in-kind benefit (payment made directly to the provider of the benefits). Such reimbursements or in-kind benefits provided during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year. (c) If any of the payments or benefits payable to Executive under this Agreement when considered together with any other payments or benefits which may be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of Code would result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A of the Code if paid to Executive on or within the six (6) month period following Executive’s Separation from Service, then to the extent such portion of the payments or benefits resulting in the imposition of additional tax would otherwise have been payable on or within the first six (6) months following his or her Separation from Service, shall be paid or reimbursed in a lump sum in the seventh (7th) month following such Separation (or such longer period as is required to avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A of the Code). If any 3 amount due under paragraph (a) above is delayed under this paragraph (c), then such lump sum amount shall accrue interest at DCAP Rate for the period of such deferral, which interest shall be paid together with such payment. All subsequent payment or benefits will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each such payment or benefits. (d) Nothing in this Policy shall alter or impair any rights a Participant may have upon his or her Separation from Service under any other plan or program of the Company; provided, however, if a Participant receives payments under this Policy that Participant will be precluded from receiving payment under any other Company-sponsored severance plan or policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no individual covered by an agreement with the Company or an affiliate that provides for benefits in the event of a change in control or similar event shall be a Participant in this Policy. (e) Notwithstanding any provision in this Policy, no payments will be made to a Participant under this Policy until the Participant provides to the Company a signed a release of claims, in a form that the Company provides to the Participant, and does not revoke such release during the applicable statutory period provided to revoke a release, if any (the “revocation period”). If the Participant does not revoke his or her signed release by the end of the revocation period, then the Participant shall have an “Effective Release” on file with the Company. No payments will be made to a Participant under this Policy unless the Company has an Effective Release from that Participant prior to sixty-five (65) days after the Participant’s Separation from Service. 3. FORM OF BENEFIT. The benefit described in Section 2(a) shall be paid in a lump sum within ninety (90) days following the date of the Participant’s Separation from Service, but in no event prior to the effectiveness of a Release (as defined in Section 2(e)); provided, however, that if the Participant is a Specified Employee on the date of his or her Separation from Service, any payment or portion of the payment that is scheduled to be made in the six (6) month period following the Participant’s Separation from Service, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits which may be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, would result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A of the Code if paid to the Participant on or within the six (6) month period following his or her Separation from Service if made in such six (6) month period shall be made in the seventh (7 th ) month following the month in which the Participant’s Separation from Service occurs. Such payment shall include an additional amount representing interest credited at the rate being credited to accounts under Apex Health Distribution’s Deferred Compensation Administration Plan III during the period of delay measured from Participant’s Separation from Service until the scheduled payment date. 4. EFFECT OF DEATH OF EMPLOYEE. Should a Participant die after a Separation from Service and becoming eligible to receive the benefits provided in Section 2(a) prior to the payment of the entire benefit due hereunder, but prior to the benefit being paid to the Participant, the benefit payable under Section 2(a) shall be paid in a lump sum to the Participant’s surviving spouse, or, if none, to his or her surviving children or, if none, to his or her estate, as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than ninety (90) days, after the date of death. The benefits set forth in Section 2(b) (other than subsection (iv)) shall continue to apply following the Participant’s death. If a Participant dies 4 prior to Separation from Service, no payments will be made or benefits provided under this Policy. 5. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION. Apex Health Distribution reserves the right to amend the Policy or increase or decrease the amount of any benefit provided under the Policy by action of the Compensation Committee of the Board. Furthermore, no such action shall have the effect of decreasing the benefit of a Participant whose Separation from Service following a Change in Control occurred prior to the date of the Board’s or Compensation Committee’s action, and, no action taken within six (6) months before or twenty-four (24) months after a Change in Control shall be effective if the result of such action would be to decrease the benefit of any individual who has been designated a Participant pursuant to Section 10(g)(i). The Board in its discretion may at any time terminate the Policy in accordance with Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix). 6. ADMINISTRATION AND FIDUCIARIES. (a) Plan Sponsor and Administrator . Apex Health Distribution is the “plan sponsor” and the “Administrator” of the Policy, within the meaning of ERISA. (b) Administrative Responsibilities . Apex Health Distribution shall be the named fiduciary, within the meaning of ERISA, with the power and sole discretion to determine who is eligible for benefits under the Policy, to determine the value of benefits paid in any form other than cash or the present value of any cash or other benefits paid over time, to interpret the Policy and to prescribe such forms, make such rules, regulations and computations and prescribe such guidelines as it may determine are necessary or appropriate for the operation and administration of the Policy and to change the terms of or rescind such rules, regulations or guidelines. Such determinations of eligibility, rules, regulations, interpretations, computations and guidelines shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons. In administering the Policy, Apex Health Distribution shall at all times discharge its duties with respect to the Policy in accordance with the standards set forth in Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. (c) Allocation and Delegation of Responsibilities . The Compensation Committee may allocate any of Apex Health Distribution’s responsibilities for the operation and administration of the Policy among Apex Health Distribution’s officers, employees and agents. It may also delegate any of Apex Health Distribution’s responsibilities under the Policy by designating, in writing, another person to carry out such responsibilities. (d) No Individual Liability . It is declared to be the express purpose and intent of Apex Health Distribution that no individual liability shall attach to or be incurred by any member of the Board of Apex Health Distribution, or by any officer, employee representative or agent of the Company, under, or by reason of the operation of, the Policy. (e) Employer Identification Number and Policy Number . The employer identification number (EIN) assigned to Apex Health Distribution by the Internal Revenue Service is 87-3207296. The plan number (PIN) assigned to the Policy by Apex Health Distribution is 551. (f) Policy Year . All records with respect to the Policy are kept on a calendar year basis. 5 (g) Legal Actions . No lawsuit can be brought to recover a benefit under the Policy until an individual or his or her representative has done all of the following: (i) filed a written claim as required by the Policy, (ii) received a written denial of the claim (or the claim is deemed denied as described below), (iii) filed a written request for a review of the denied claim with the Administrator, and (iv) received written notification that the denial of the claim has been affirmed (or the denial is deemed to be affirmed as described below). (h) Agent for Service of Legal Process . If an individual wishes to take legal action after exhausting the Policy’s claims and appeal procedures, legal process should be served on: Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460. The individual may also serve process on the Policy by serving the Administrator at the address shown above. (i) ERISA Rights . (i) Participants are entitled to certain rights and protections under Title I of ERISA. (ii) Participants may examine without charge all official Policy documents during business hours in the Apex Health Distribution Benefits Department. These documents include the legal texts of the plans, Policy descriptions and annual reports that Apex Health Distribution files with the U.S. Department of Labor. (iii) Participants may also obtain a copy of any of these documents by writing to the Administrator, and may be charged a reasonable fee for copies. (iv) Participants have the right to receive a summary of the Policy’s annual financial report. The Administrator is required by law to furnish each Participant with a copy of this summary annual report. (v) Questions about this Policy should be directed to the Administrator. Participants that have any questions about this statement or about his or her rights under ERISA, or if he or she needs assistance in obtaining documents from the Administrator, the Participant should contact the nearest office of the Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, listed in the telephone directory, or the Division of Technical Assistance and Inquiries, Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, D.C. 20210. Participants may also obtain certain publications about their rights and responsibilities under ERISA by calling the publications hotline of the Employee Benefits Security Administration. (vi) No right to a benefit under the Policy shall depend (or shall be deemed to depend) upon whether a Participant retires or elects to receive retirement benefits under the terms of any employee pension benefit plan. (vii) The Policy shall contain no terms or provisions except those set forth herein, or as hereafter amended in accordance with the provisions of Section 5. If any description made in any other document is deemed to be in conflict with any provision of the Policy, the provisions of the Policy shall control. 6 7. CLAIMS AND APPEAL PROCEDURES (a) Informal Resolution of Questions . Any Participant who has questions or concerns about his or her benefits under the Policy is encouraged to communicate with the Human Resources Department of Apex Health Distribution. If this discussion does not give the Participant satisfactory results, a formal claim for benefits may be made in accordance with the procedures of this Section 7. (b) Formal Benefits Claim — Review by Executive Vice President, Human Resources . 1 A Participant may make a written request for review of any matter concerning his or her benefits under this Policy. The claim must be addressed to the Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, Midland, Kansas. 94104. The Executive Vice President, Human Resources or his or her delegate (“Executive Vice President”) shall decide the action to be taken with respect to any such request and may require additional information if necessary to process the request. The Executive Vice President shall review the request and shall issue his or her decision, in writing, no later than ninety (90) days after the date the request is received, unless the circumstances require an extension of time. If such an extension is required, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the person making the request within the initial ninety (90) day period, and the notice shall state the circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Executive Vice President expects to reach a decision on the request. In no event shall the extension exceed a period of ninety (90) days from the end of the initial period. Any claim under this Policy must be brought within two (2) years of the date the events giving rise to the claim first occurred. (c) Notice of Denied Request . If the Executive Vice President denies a request in whole or in part, he or she shall provide the person making the request with written notice of the denial within the period specified in Section 7(b). The notice shall set forth the specific reason for the denial, reference to the specific Policy provisions upon which the denial is based, a description of any additional material or information necessary to perfect the request, an explanation of why such information is required, and an explanation of the Policy’s appeal procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the claimant’s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review. (d) Appeal to Executive Vice President . (i) A person whose request has been denied in whole or in part (or such person’s authorized representative) may file an appeal of the decision in writing with the Executive Vice President within sixty (60) days of receipt of the notification of denial. The appeal must be addressed to: Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460. The Executive Vice President, for good cause shown, may extend the period during which the appeal may be filed for another sixty (60) days. The appellant and/or his or her authorized representative shall be permitted to submit written comments, documents, records and other information relating to the claim for benefits. Upon request and free of charge, the applicant should be provided reasonable access to and copies of, all documents, records or other information relevant to the appellant’s claim. 1 For purposes of this Section 7, if the Executive Vice President, Human Resources is the claimant the General Counsel shall perform the claim and appeal functions of the Executive Vice President, Human Resources. 7 (ii) The Executive Vice President’s review shall take into account all comments, documents, records and other information submitted by the appellant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. The Executive Vice President shall not be restricted in his or her review to those provisions of the Policy cited in the original denial of the claim. (iii) The Executive Vice President shall issue a written decision within a reasonable period of time but not later than sixty (60) days after receipt of the appeal, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing, in which case the written decision shall be issued as soon as possible, but not later than one hundred twenty (120) days after receipt of an appeal. If such an extension is required, written notice shall be furnished to the appellant within the initial sixty (60) day period. This notice shall state the circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Executive Vice President expects to reach a decision on the appeal. (iv) If the decision on the appeal denies the claim in whole or in part written notice shall be furnished to the appellant. Such notice shall state the reason(s) for the denial, including references to specific Policy provisions upon which the denial was based. The notice shall state that the appellant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claim for benefits. The notice shall describe any voluntary appeal procedures offered by the Policy and the appellant’s right to obtain the information about such procedures. The notice shall also include a statement of the appellant’s right to bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. (v) The decision of the Executive Vice President on the appeal shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons and shall be given the maximum possible deference allowed by law. (e) Exhaustion of Remedies . No legal or equitable action for benefits under the Policy shall be brought unless and until the claimant has submitted a written claim for benefits in accordance with Section 7(b), has been notified that the claim is denied in accordance with Section 7(c), has filed a written request for a review of the claim in accordance with Section 7(d), and has been notified in writing that the Executive Vice President has affirmed the denial of the claim in accordance with Section 7(d). 8. GENERAL PROVISIONS. (a) Basis of Payments to and from Policy . All benefits under the Policy shall be paid by Apex Health Distribution. The Policy shall be unfunded and benefits hereunder shall be paid only from the general assets of Apex Health Distribution. Nothing contained in the Policy shall be deemed to create a trust of any kind for the benefit of any employee, or create any fiduciary relationship between the Company and any employee with respect to any assets of the Company. Apex Health Distribution is under no obligation to fund the benefits provided herein prior to payment, although it may do so if it chooses. Any assets which Apex Health Distribution chooses to use for advance funding shall not cause the Policy to be a funded plan within the meaning of ERISA. (b) No Employment Rights . Nothing in the Policy shall be deemed to give any individual the right to remain in the employ of the Company or a subsidiary or to limit in any way the right of 8 the Company or a subsidiary to discharge, demote, reclassify, transfer, relocate an individual or terminate an individual’s employment at any time and for any reason, which right is hereby reserved. (c) Non-alienation of Benefits . No benefit payable under the Policy shall be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any attempt to do shall be void. (d) Legal Construction . The Policy shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with ERISA. (e) Successors to Apex Health Distribution . Apex Health Distribution shall require any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of Apex Health Distribution to assume and agree to perform the obligations of Apex Health Distribution under the Policy in the same manner and to the same extent that Apex Health Distribution would be required to perform if no such succession or assignment had taken place. (f) Section 409A Compliance . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy, Apex Health Distribution shall administer and construe this Policy in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and any other published interpretive authority, as issued or amended from time to time. Apex Health Distribution shall have the authority to delay the payment of any amounts under this Policy to the extent it deems necessary. appropriate to comply with Section 409A of the Code. (g) No Assignment of Benefits . No benefits payable under the Policy shall be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or other encumbrance, and any attempt to do so shall be void. 9. DEFINITIONS. Whenever used and capitalized in the text of the Policy, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: (a) “Base Salary and Bonus” means the Participant’s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the date of such Participant’s separation and the Individual Target Award for such Participant for the fiscal year in which such Participant’s Separation from Service occurs, in each case inclusive of any amounts deferred by the intended recipient. (b) “Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of Apex Health Distribution. (c) “Cause” means termination of the Participant’s employment upon the Participant’s willful engagement in misconduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Employer. No act, or failure to act, on the part of the Participant shall be considered “willful” unless done, or omitted to be done, by the Participant not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the Participant’s action or omission was in the best interest of the Employer. (d) A “Change in Control” means the occurrence of any change in ownership of Apex Health Distribution, change in effective control of Apex Health Distribution, or change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of Apex Health Distribution, as defined in Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(5), the 9 regulations thereunder, and any other published interpretive authority, as issued or amended from time to time. (e) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (f) “Committee” means the Compensation Committee of the Board. (f) “Company” means Apex Health Distribution and any affiliate that would be considered a service recipient for purposes of Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(g). (g) “Earnings” means a Participant’s (i) annual base salary and (ii) the greater of (A) the Participant’s target bonus under Apex Health Distribution’s Management Incentive Plan or (B) the average of the Participant’s award paid pursuant to the MIP for the latest three years for which the Participant was eligible to receive an award (or such lesser period of time during which the Participant was eligible to receive an award). (h) “Eligible Employee” means an employee of the Company who the Committee designates as eligible to be a Participant in this Policy. When designating an individual or a group as an Eligible Employee(s), the Committee shall: (i) Whether the Eligible Employee shall be a Tier One Participant, a Tier Two Participant or a Tier Three Participant, if the Eligible Employee becomes a Participant; (ii) Make such designation on a year-by-year basis no later than December 31 of each year, which shall become effective and irrevocable as of the January 1 of the year immediately following the date on which the designation is made until December 31 of the same year; provided, however, that if such individual is a new employee of Apex Health Distribution, who would be considered newly eligible to participate in accordance with Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-2(a)(7), and the Committee designates him or her as eligible to participate in the Policy within thirty (30) days following his or her commencement of services with Apex Health Distribution, then at the end of the thirty (30) day period such designation by the Committee shall become effective and irrevocable for the calendar year in which the designation was made; and (iii) Notwithstanding Paragraph (ii) above, after a Change in Control, any employee who is designated as eligible to be a Participant effective as of the January 1 preceding the Change in Control shall not be removed from eligibility for twenty-four (24) months after the Change in Control. For the avoidance of doubt, an employee who is designated as an Eligible Employee in one year shall not have the right to be designated as an Eligible Employee in a subsequent year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any employee designated as an Eligible Employee is involuntarily terminated by the Company for Cause, or has a termination of employment or Separation from Service without Good Reason, then such employee shall cease to be an Eligible Employee and shall not be eligible to receive any payment under this Policy. (i) “Employer” means Apex Health Distribution and any other affiliate that would be considered a service recipient or employer for purposes Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(h)(3). 10 (j) “Good Reason” means any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of the Participant, which shall not be affected by the Participant’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness: (i) Any material change by the Company in the Participant’s functions, duties or responsibilities, which change would cause the Participant ‘s position with the Company to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope as compared to the position and attributes that applied to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control; (ii) Any significant reduction in the Participant’s base annual salary, MIP target or Long Term Incentive compensation (LTI) targets, which LTI targets include cash awards with performance periods greater than one year and equity based grants, except for a reduction effected as part of an across-the-board reduction affecting all executive officers of the Company; (iii) Any material failure by the Company to comply with any of the provisions of an award (or of any employment agreement between the parties) subsequent to a Change in Control; (iv) The Company’s requiring the Participant to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which the Participant is based on the date immediately preceding the Change in Control, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of the Participant’s responsibilities; (v) For Tier One employees only, any change in the person to whom the Participant reports, as this relationship existed immediately prior to a Change in Control. (k) “Identification Date” means each December 31. (l) “Individual Target Award” has the same meaning as “Individual Target Award” under the MIP. (m) “Apex Health Distribution” means Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation. (n) “MIP” means the Apex Health Distribution 2005 Management Incentive Plan. (o) “Participant” means (i) an individual who is an Eligible Employee, and (ii) whose employment is terminated under circumstances that render him or her eligible for the benefits described in Section 2 of the Policy. Participant” shall not include any individual covered by an agreement with the Company or an affiliate that provides for benefits in the event of a change in control or similar event. (p) “Separation from Service” means termination of employment with the Employer, except in the event of death. A Participant shall be deemed to have had a Separation from Service if the Participant’s service with the Employer is reduced to an annual rate that is equal to or less than twenty percent (20%) of the services rendered, on average, during the immediately preceding three (3) years of service with the Employer (or if providing service to the Employer less than three (3) years, such lesser period). 11 (q) “Specified Employee” means a Participant who, on an Identification Date, is: (i) An officer of the Company having annual compensation greater than the compensation limit in Section 416(i)(1)(A)(i) of the Code, provided that no more than fifty (50) officers of the Company shall be determined to be Specified Employees as of any Identification Date; (ii) A five percent (5%) owner of the Company; or (iii) A one percent (1%) owner of the Company having annual compensation from the Company of more than $150,000. For purposes of determining whether a Participant is a Specified Employee, Treasury Regulation section 1.415(c)-2(d)(11)(ii) shall be used to calculate compensation. If a Participant is identified as a Specified Employee on an Identification Date, then such Participant shall be considered a Specified Employee for purposes of the Policy during the period beginning on the first April 1 following the Identification Date and ending on the next March 31. 10. EXECUTION This amendment and restatement to the Change in Control Policy was adopted effective April 21, 2009. Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Jorge L. Figueredo Jorge L. Figueredo Executive Vice President, Human Resources 12
exv10w15 Exhibit 10.15 FORM OF Apex Health Distribution STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO AWARDS PURSUANT TO THE MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN Effective April 1, 2009 The Apex Health Distribution Management Incentive Plan (“MIP” or “Plan”) provides the short term incentive compensation component of Apex Health Distribution total compensation program. The following terms and conditions shall apply to awards made under the Plan to an executive, managerial or professional employee of the Company who is specifically designated as a participant in the Plan. Capitalized terms used herein are defined in the MIP or in Section 8. In the event these terms and conditions conflict with the terms of the MIP, the MIP document shall control. 1. Participant . Only active employees of the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates who are employed in an executive, managerial or professional capacity may be designated as Participants under the Plan. The Compensation Committee of the Board (“the Committee”) shall review those employees who are eligible to participate in the Plan and recommended by management and determine which of those employees will become Plan Participants. The Committee may add to or delete individuals from the list of designated Participants at any time and from time to time, at its sole discretion. The Committee has delegated the authority to approve Plan Participants to the CEO. Participation in a Performance Period does not guarantee payment of an award under the Plan for that Performance Period. Participation in one Performance Period does not guarantee participation in a subsequent Performance Period. A. New Hires An employee hired after the beginning of a Performance Period must be in an eligible position and actively at work prior to the January 1 that falls within that Performance Period in order to be a Participant in that Performance Period. B. Transfers and Promotions An employee promoted into or transferred from an ineligible position to an eligible position during a Performance Period must be actively at work for a minimum of three months in the new eligible position to be a Participant. An employee demoted from or transferred from an eligible position to an ineligible position during the Performance Period must be actively at work for a minimum of three months in the eligible position to be a Participant. 2. Individual Target Award . The Individual Target Award is the percentage of base annual salary specified at the beginning of the Performance Period (or beginning of participation, if later) for a Participant. A. Transfers, Promotions and Demotions . A Participant who moves from one job to a new job with a higher Individual Target Award during the Performance Period will, in general, have his final Award Determination prorated between the two Individual Target Awards. The participant should be actively at work for a minimum of three months in the new position for the new, higher, Individual Target Award to be recognized in the final Award Determination. A Participant demoted to or transferred to a new job with a lower Individual Target Award, during the Performance Period, will have his final Award Determination based on management discretion. 3. Performance Measures and Goals . Each Participant shall have one or more Individual Performance Measures. Individual Performance Measures may be quantitative, qualitative or both. The Performance Goals (defined in Article F of the Plan) established for each segment of the Company are referred to as the Business Scorecard. A Participant’s Individual Performance Measures and the Performance Goals, taken as a whole, will determine the amount of the Participant’s Award. A Participant who changes jobs and / or organization during the Performance Period may have different Business Scorecards applicable to each job / organization. The Participant may have his final Award Determination prorated between the two Business Scorecards. 4. Individual Performance Modifier . Final awards will be adjusted, at management discretion, to reflect the Participant’s individual contribution to Business Scorecard results and the Participant’s Individual Performance Measures. 5. Other Individual Requirements. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, no amount shall be payable with respect to the Performance Period unless the Committee certifies that it is satisfied that the requirements (performance or otherwise) associated with such payment have been fully met. Such requirements may include, but are not limited to: • Completion of the Company’s Legal and Regulatory Compliance and Ethics Training Program 2 6. Award Determination . Any payment to a Participant shall be based on Business Scorecard results during the Performance Period as modified by the Participant’s Individual Performance Modifier. The actual award is determined by: • Taking the Covered Compensation received during the Performance Period; • Multiplying by the Individual Target Award; • Multiplying by the Business Scorecard results (actual vs. target); • Adjusting the result determined above, up or down, by the Individual Performance Modifier. Management and the Committee shall review and approve, modify or disapprove the amount, if any to be paid to a Participant for the Performance Period. Management and the Committee reserve the right to reduce or increase or eliminate the individual payments determined according to the above method. No Personal Modifier shall exceed 150%. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any awards to Covered Employees shall be made and determined in a manner consistent with the Plan and Section 162(m) of the Code. 7. Effect of a Termination of Employment, Prior to the End of the Performance Period, on the Award . A. Termination of Employment for Other Than Death, Retirement, Severance, and Long-Term Disability If the Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Company or of its subsidiaries and affiliates prior to the payment of the final award, for any reason other than death, Retirement, Severance or Long Term Disability, the Participant’s interest in the Award shall be forfeited and no amount shall be payable to the Participant with respect to service during the Performance Period. B. Termination of Employment by Reason of Death or Long-Term Disability If the Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Company or of its subsidiaries and affiliates due to death or Long-Term Disability during the Performance Period, the Participant (or the Participant’s Beneficiary, if payment is made on account of the death of the Participant) shall be entitled to receive an Award as calculated under Paragraph 6 above. C. Termination of Employment by Reason of Retirement 1. If the Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Company or of its subsidiaries and affiliates due to Retirement prior to January 1 of the Performance Period, the Participant’s interest in the Award shall be forfeited and no amount shall be payable to the Participant with respect to service during the Performance Period. If the Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Company or of its subsidiaries and affiliates due to Retirement on or after January 1 of the Performance Period, the Participant shall be entitled to receive an Award as calculated under Paragraph 6 above. D. Termination of Employment by Reason of Severance If the Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Company or of its subsidiaries and affiliates due to Severance prior to January 1 of the Performance Period, the Participant’s interest in the Award shall be forfeited and no amount shall be payable to the Participant with respect to service during the Performance Period. If the Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Company or of its subsidiaries and affiliates due to Severance on or after January 1 of the Performance Period, the Participant shall be entitled to receive an Award as calculated under Paragraph 6 above. 3 8. Definitions . Capitalized terms shall have the same meaning as provided in the Plan. Additional capitalized text that is not included in the Plan, but is used in this Statement of Terms and Conditions, shall have the meaning set forth below: (a) “Covered Compensation” means regular wages earned by and paid to the Participant during the Performance Period, including any Paid Time Off (PTO) pay. Covered compensation does not include any other compensation received during the Performance Period, including, but not limited to, earnings received during a paid leave, overtime or commission pay. (b) “Long-Term Disability” means (i) a physical or mental condition which, in the judgment of the Committee based on competent medical evidence satisfactory to the Committee, including, if required by the Committee, medical evidence obtained by an examination conducted by a physician selected by the Committee, renders an individual unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity for the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates and which impairment is likely to result in death or to be of long, continued and indefinite duration, or (ii) a judicial declaration of incompetence. (c) “Performance Period” is the Company’s fiscal year, which runs from April 1 through March 31 of the following year. (d) “Retirement” means termination from Apex Health Distribution and all of its subsidiaries with age plus years of service at least equal to 65. (e) “Severance” means Eligibility for participation in and entitlement to benefits under the Apex Health Distribution Severance Pay Plan, as defined in Section 3 of the Plan. 4
exv10w19 Exhibit 10.19 OUTSIDE DIRECTORS FORM OF Apex Health Distribution STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS GRANTED TO OUTSIDE DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO THE 2005 STOCK PLAN (Effective as of July 23, 2008) I. INTRODUCTION The following terms and conditions shall apply to Restricted Stock Unit Awards granted under the Plan to Outside Directors eligible to participate in the Plan. This Statement of Terms and Conditions is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and any regulations and rules promulgated thereunder and is subject to the terms of the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Statement of Terms and Conditions shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. II. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 1. Award Agreement . A Restricted Stock Unit Award granted to an Outside Director under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to be executed by the Outside Director and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Unit Award. Each Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Terms and Conditions . The Administrator administering the Plan has authority to determine the Outside Directors to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Restricted Stock Units will be made, the number of Units to be awarded, and all other terms and conditions of such awards. With respect to annual Restricted Stock Unit Awards granted to Outside Directors under the Plan, such awards shall contain the following terms, conditions and restrictions. (A) Grant Date . Each Outside Director may be granted a Restricted Stock Unit Award on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders. An Outside Director that is elected to the Board between annual meetings of stockholders may also be granted a Restricted Stock Unit Award on the date that the Board determines in its sole discretion. (B) Number of Units . The number of Units granted for the annual grant will be determined by dividing the closing stock price on the date of grant into $150,000 (with any fractional Unit rounded up to the nearest whole Unit) so long as the number of Units does not exceed 5,000 in any year. A newly elected Outside Director may receive a prorated grant effective upon the date of his or her election to the Board. (C) No Restrictions . Each Restricted Stock Unit Award granted to an Outside Director will be fully vested on the date of grant. 3. Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents in respect of Restricted Stock Units may be credited on behalf of an Outside Director to a deferred cash account or converted into additional Restricted Stock Units, which will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award. Currently, dividend equivalents in respect of Restricted Stock Units granted to Outside Directors are credited to a deferred cash account. 4. Assignability . An Outside Director shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or encumber Restricted Stock Units, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. 5. No Stockholder Rights . Neither an Outside Director nor any person entitled to exercise an Outside Director’s rights in the event of the Outside Director’s death shall have any of the rights of a stockholder 1 with respect to the Share Equivalents subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent with respect to the underlying Shares upon the payment of any Restricted Stock Unit Award as described in Section II.6 below. 6. Time of Payment of Restricted Stock Units . Except as noted in Section II.7 below, Restricted Stock Units granted to Outside Directors shall not be paid until after the Outside Director’s separation from service with the Corporation (“Automatic Deferral Requirement”). “Separation of service” shall have the meaning provided under the Apex Health Distribution Deferred Compensation Administration Plan III (“DCAP III”). Payment shall be made in Shares in the form of an appropriate book entry entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent recording the Outside Director’s unrestricted interest in the number of Shares equal to the number of Share Equivalents subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. 7. Satisfaction of Director Stock Ownership Guidelines . For those Outside Directors who have met the Director Stock Ownership Guidelines in effect at the time, Restricted Stock Unit grants made on or after the date of the annual meeting of stockholders held on July 23, 2008 shall not be subject to the Automatic Deferral Requirement and such grants will be immediately converted into Shares and distributed to the Outside Director; provided, however, that the Outside Director may elect to defer receipt of the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units. 8. Deferrals of Restricted Stock Units . Deferrals of Restricted Stock Units, whether elective or pursuant to the Automatic Deferral Requirement, shall be subject to the terms and conditions of DCAP III. III. MISCELLANEOUS 1. No Effect on Terms of Service with the Corporation . Nothing contained in this Statement of Terms and Conditions, the Plan or a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall affect the Corporation’s right to terminate the service of any Outside Director. 2. Grants to Outside Directors in Foreign Countries . If an Outside Director is not a United States citizen, the Board has the full discretion to deviate from this Statement of Terms and Conditions in order to adjust a Restricted Stock Unit Award to prevailing local conditions, including custom and legal and tax requirements. 3. Information Notification . Any information required to be given under the terms of a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall be addressed to the Corporation in care of its Secretary at Apex Health Distribution Plaza, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, and any notice to be given to an Outside Director shall be addressed to him or her at the address indicated beneath his or her name on the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified and deposited (postage or registration or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States. 4. Administrator Decisions Conclusive . All decisions of the Administrator administering the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan, under this Statement of Terms and Conditions, or under a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, shall be conclusive. 5. No Effect on Other Benefit Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect an Outside Director’s right, if any, to participate in and receive benefits from and in accordance with the then current provisions of any benefit plan or program offered by the Corporation. 6. Withholding . Each Outside Director shall agree to make appropriate arrangements with the Corporation and his or her employer for satisfaction of any applicable federal, state or local income tax withholding requirements or payroll tax requirements, if any is required. 7. Successors . This Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreements shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Corporation. “Outside Director” as used herein shall include the Outside Director’s Beneficiary. 8. California Law . The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of this Statement of Terms and Conditions and all Restricted Stock Unit Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of California. 2 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER FORM OF Apex Health Distribution STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO OPTIONS, RESTRICTED STOCK, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES GRANTED TO CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO THE 2005 STOCK PLAN (As Amended through May 23, 2006) I. INTRODUCTION The following terms and conditions shall apply to each Award granted on or after May 23, 2006 under the Plan to an Employee eligible to participate in the Plan. This Statement of Terms and Conditions is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and any rules promulgated thereunder and is subject to the terms of the Plan and of any Award made pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Statement of Terms and Conditions shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. II. OPTIONS 1. Option Notice and Agreement . An Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Option Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of the Option, including whether the Option is an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option and the number Shares subject to the Option. Each Option Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Exercise Price . The per Share Exercise Price of an Option, as specified in the Option Agreement, shall be equal to or greater than the per Share Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying the Option on the Grant Date. 3. Option Period . An Option shall be exercisable only during the applicable Option Period, and during such Option Period the exercisability of the Option shall be subject to the vesting provisions of Section II.4 as modified by the rules set forth in Sections II.5 and V. The Option Period shall be not more than seven years from the Grant Date. 4. Vesting of Right to Exercise Options . (A) Except as provided in Section V, an Option shall be exercisable during the Option Period in accordance with the following vesting schedule: (i) 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date; (ii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date; (iii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date; and (iv) the remaining 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may specify a different vesting schedule at the time the Option is granted and as specified in the Option Agreement. (B) Any vested portion of an Option not exercised hereunder shall accumulate and be exercisable at any time on or before the Termination Date, subject to the rules set forth in Section V. No Option may be exercised for less than 5% of the total number of Shares then available for exercise under such Option. In no event shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional shares. 5. Limits on Option Period and Acceleration of Vesting . The Option Period may end before the Termination Date, and in the circumstances described in Sections II.5(B), (D), (E) and (F), the vesting schedule of an Option may be accelerated, (subject to the provisions of Section V), as follows: 1 (A) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its affiliates during the Option Period for reasons other than for Cause (as defined herein), Long-Term Disability, Normal or Early Retirement or death, the Option Period shall end ninety days after the date of the Participant’s termination of employment or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first and in all cases the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such termination of employment. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an affiliate because of his or her Short-Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is on a voluntarily leave of absence for the purpose of serving the government of the country of which the Participant is a citizen or in which the Participant’s principal place of employment is located and such leave exceeds twelve months in duration, then the Participant shall be deemed to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate for purposes of this Section II.5(A). (B) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its affiliates (for reasons other than for Cause, Long-Term Disability, Normal or Early Retirement or death) during the Option Period, the Administrator may, in its sole and absolute discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances) approve the continuation of the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option. The Option Period for any Option that continues to vest pursuant to this subsection (B) shall end ninety days after the last Option installment vests, or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first. (C) If the Participant’s employment is terminated for Cause during the Option Period, the Option Period shall end on the date of such termination of employment and the Option shall thereupon not be exercisable to any extent whatsoever. (D) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its affiliates due to his or her Long-Term Disability during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option shall be accelerated, the Option shall become fully exercisable and the Option Period shall end three years after the date of the Participant’s termination of employment or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first. (E) If the Participant’s employment is terminated: (i) by reason of Normal Retirement, the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option shall be accelerated and the Option shall become fully exercisable as of the date of Normal Retirement; or (ii) by reason of Early Retirement, the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such Early Retirement; provided, however, that the Administrator may, in its sole discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances), either (A) accelerate the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option effective as of the date of the Participant’s Early Retirement or (B) approve the continuation of the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option. (iii) With respect to an Option held by a Participant at Normal or Early Retirement, the Option Period for that portion of the Option designated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option shall end three years after the date of retirement or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first; provided, however, that in the case of an Option held by a Participant at Early Retirement as to which the Administrator exercises its discretionary authority to approve the continuation of the vesting schedule, the Option Period shall end on the earlier of the Termination Date or three years after the last Option installment vests. (F) If a Participant should die while in the employ of the Corporation or an affiliate and during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option shall be accelerated and the Option shall become fully exercisable, the Option Period shall end three years after the date of death or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first, and the Participant’s Beneficiary may exercise the entire unexercised portion of the then exercisable Shares covered by such Option (or any lesser amount) remaining on the date of death. (G) If a Participant who ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an affiliate is subsequently rehired prior to the expiration of his or her Option, then the Option shall continue to remain outstanding until such time as the Participant subsequently terminates employment. Upon the Participant’s subsequent termination of employment, the post-termination exercise period calculated pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Section II.5 shall be reduced by the number days between the date of the Participant’s initial termination of employment and his or her re-hire date; provided, however, that if the rehired Participant continues to be employed by the Corporation or an affiliate for at least one year from his or her rehire date, then the post 2 termination exercise period for the Option shall be determined in accordance with Sections II.5(A) through (F) and shall not be adjusted as described above. 6. Method of Exercise . A Participant may exercise an Option with respect to all or any part of the exercisable Shares as follows: (A) By giving the Corporation, or its authorized representative designated for this purpose, written notice of such exercise specifying the number of Shares as to which the Option is so exercised. Such notice shall be accompanied by an amount equal to the Exercise Price of such Shares, in the form of any one or combination of the following: cash or a certified check, bank draft, postal or express money order payable to the order of the Corporation in lawful money of the United States. The Participant may pay the Exercise Price, in whole or in part, by tendering to the Corporation or its authorized representative Shares which have been owned by the Participant for at least six months prior to said tender, and having a fair market value, as determined by the Corporation, equal to the Exercise Price, or in lieu of the delivery of actual Shares in such tender, the Corporation may accept an attestation by the Participant, in a form prescribed by the Corporation or its authorized representative, that the Participant owns sufficient Shares, which have been owned by the Participant for at least six months prior to said tender, of record or in an account in street name to satisfy the Exercise Price, and such attestation will be deemed a tender of Shares for purposes of this method of exercise. In the event a Participant tenders Shares to pay the Exercise Price, tender of Shares acquired through exercise of an Incentive Stock Option may result in unfavorable income tax consequences unless such Shares are held for at least two years from the Grant Date of the Incentive Stock Option and one year from the date of exercise of the Incentive Stock Option. The Corporation or its authorized representative may accept payment of the Exercise Price in the form of a Participant’s personal check. Payment may also be made by delivery (including by FAX transmission) to the Corporation or its authorized representative of an executed irrevocable option exercise form together with irrevocable instructions to an approved registered investment broker to sell Shares in an amount sufficient to pay the Exercise Price plus any applicable withholding taxes and to transfer the proceeds of such sale to the Corporation. (B) If required by the Corporation, by giving satisfactory assurance in writing, signed by the Participant, the Participant shall give his or her assurance that the Shares subject to the Option are being purchased for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof; provided that such assurance shall be deemed inapplicable to (1) any sale of the Shares by such Participant made in accordance with the terms of a registration statement covering such sale, which has heretofore been (or may hereafter be) filed and become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and with respect to which no stop order suspending the effectiveness thereof has been issued, and (2) any other sale of the Shares with respect to which, in the opinion of counsel for the Corporation, such assurance is not required to be given in order to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act. (C) As soon as practicable after receipt of the notice and the assurance described in Sections II.6(A) and (B), the Corporation shall, without transfer or issue tax (except for withholding tax arrangements contemplated in Section VII.6) and without other incidental expense to the Participant, cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent recording the Participant’s unrestricted interest in the purchased Shares; provided, however, that the time of such delivery may be postponed by the Corporation for such period as may be required for it with reasonable diligence to comply with applicable registration requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any applicable listing requirements of any national securities exchange and requirements under any other law or regulation applicable to the issuance or transfer of the Shares. 7. Limitations on Transfer . An Option shall, during a Participant’s lifetime, be exercisable only by the Participant. No Option or any right granted thereunder shall be transferable by the Participant by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) a Participant may designate a beneficiary to succeed, after the Participant’s death, to all of the Participant’s Options outstanding on the date of death; (ii) a Nonstatutory Stock Option may be transferable pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act; and (iii) any Participant, who is a senior executive officer recommended by the Chief Executive Officer and approved by the Administrator may voluntarily transfer any Nonstatutory Stock Option to a Family Member as a gift or through a transfer to an entity in which more than 50% of the voting interests are owned by Family Members (or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. In the event of any attempt by a Participant to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of an Option or of any right thereunder, except as provided herein, or in the event of the levy of any attachment, execution, or similar process upon the rights or interest hereby conferred, the Corporation at its election may terminate the affected Option by notice to the Participant and the Option shall thereupon become null and void. 3 8. No Shareholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant’s rights in the event of the Participant’s death shall have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the Shares subject to an Option except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent with respect to such Shares upon the exercise of an Option. III. RESTRICTED STOCK 1. Restricted Stock Agreement . A Restricted Stock Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award. Each Restricted Stock Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Rights with Respect to Shares of Restricted Stock . Upon written acceptance of a grant of Restricted Stock Award by a Participant, including the restrictions and other terms and conditions described in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement and herein, the Corporation shall cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent recording the Participant’s interest in the Restricted Stock. From and after the Grant Date, the Participant shall have absolute ownership of such shares of Restricted Stock, including the right to vote and to receive dividends thereon, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement and this Statement of Terms and Conditions. 3. Special Restrictions . Each Restricted Stock Award made under the Plan shall contain the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that no Restricted Stock grant shall be subject to additional terms, conditions and restrictions which are more favorable to a Participant than the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement or this Statement of Terms and Conditions. (A) Restrictions . Until the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock grant shall lapse, shares of Restricted Stock granted to a Participant: (i) shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and (ii) shall, if the Participant’s continuous employment with the Corporation or any of its affiliates shall terminate for any reason (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section III.3(B)) be returned to the Corporation forthwith, and all the rights of the Participant to such shares shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an affiliate because of his or her Short-Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is on a voluntarily leave of absence for the purpose of serving the government of the country of which the Participant is a citizen or in which the Participant’s principal place of employment is located and such leave exceeds twelve months in duration, then the Participant shall be deemed to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate for purposes of this Section III.3(A). (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long-Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an affiliate as a result of death, Long-Term Disability, or Normal Retirement, then the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Award shall lapse as to all shares of stock granted to such Participant pursuant to such Restricted Stock Award on the date of such termination. (C) Termination of Employment by Reason of Early Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation of an affiliate by reason of Early Retirement, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances), accelerate the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Restricted Stock Award effective as of the date of the Participant’s Early Retirement. 4. Dividends . Cash dividends paid with respect to the Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be paid directly to the Participant during the Restriction Period. Stock dividends paid with respect to Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be treated as Restricted Stock which shall be subject to the same restrictions as the original award for the duration of the Restricted Period. 4 5. Election to Recognize Gross Income in the Year of Grant . If any Participant validly elects within thirty days of the Grant Date, to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of Restricted Stock granted on the Grant Date, such Participant shall pay to the Corporation, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator to pay to the Corporation in the year of such grant, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to such shares in accordance with Section VII.6. 6. Restrictive Legend . Each book entry in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent evidencing shares of stock granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock grant may bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement and this Statement of Terms and Conditions. 7. Expiration of Restricted Period . If and when the Restriction Period applicable to the Restricted Stock expires without a prior forfeiture, an appropriate book entry recording the Participant’s interest in the unrestricted Shares shall be entered on the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent. IV. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES 1. Award Agreement . (A) A Restricted Stock Unit Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Unit Award. Each Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. (B) Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Performance Share Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Performance Shares. Each Performance Share Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Special Restrictions . Restricted Stock Unit Awards and Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall contain the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that no such Award shall be subject to additional terms, conditions and restrictions which are more favorable to a Participant than the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement or this Statement of Terms and Conditions. (A) Restrictions . If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an affiliates (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section III.3(B) or (C)) prior to the lapse of the restrictions imposed on the Award, the unvested Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares shall be returned to the Corporation, and all the rights of the Participant to such Share Equivalents shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an affiliate because of his or her Short-Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is on a voluntarily leave of absence for the purpose of serving the government of the country of which the Participant is a citizen or in which the Participant’s principal place of employment is located and such leave exceeds twelve months in duration, then the Participant shall be deemed to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate for purposes of this Section IV.2(A). (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long-Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date shall, while in such employment, be terminated as a result of death, Long-Term Disability, or Normal Retirement, then the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares shall lapse as to all Share Equivalents granted to such Participant pursuant to such Award on the date of such termination. (C) Termination of Employment by Reason of Early Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Share Award ceases to be a bona fide 5 employee of the Corporation of an affiliate by reason of Early Retirement, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances), accelerate the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares effective as of the date of the Participant’s Early Retirement. 3. Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents shall be credited in respect of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares. Cash dividends shall be credited on behalf of the Participant to a deferred cash account (in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A). Stock dividends shall be converted into additional Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, which will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares, including the same vesting restrictions as the underlying award. 4. Assignability . A Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or encumber such Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. 5. No Shareholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant’s rights in the event of the Participant’s death shall have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the Share Equivalents subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent with respect to such Shares upon the payment of any vested Restricted Stock Unit Award of Performance Shares. 6. Time of Payment of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares . Upon the lapse of the restriction imposed on Restricted Stock Unit Awards or Performance Shares, all Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares that were not forfeited pursuant to Sections IV.2(A) or V shall be paid to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after the restrictions lapse. Payment shall be made in Shares in the form of a an appropriate book entry entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent recording the Participant’s unrestricted interest in the number of Shares equal to the number of vested Share Equivalents subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Participant may elect to defer payment of the Restricted Stock Units in the manner described in Section IV.7. 7. Deferral Election . Each Participant, pursuant to rules established by the Administrator, may be entitled to elect to defer all or a percentage of any payment in respect of a Restricted Stock Unit Award that he or she may be entitled to receive as determined pursuant to Section IV.6. This election shall be made by giving notice in a manner and within the time prescribed by the Administrator and in compliance with Code Section 409A. Each Participant must indicate the percentage (expressed in whole percentages) he or she chooses to defer of any payment he or she may be entitled to receive. If no notice is given, the Participant shall be deemed to have made no deferral election. Each deferral election filed with the Corporation shall become irrevocable in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Corporation’s Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II (DCAP II) (or any successor plan) and in compliance with Code Section 409A. V. SPECIAL FORFEITURE AND REPAYMENT RULES Any other provision of this Statement of Terms and Conditions to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Administrator determines that a Participant has engaged in any of the actions described in 3 below, the consequences set forth in 1 and 2 below shall result: 1. Any outstanding Option shall immediately and automatically terminate, be forfeited and shall cease to be exercisable, without limitation. In addition, any shares of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares as to which the restrictions have not lapsed shall immediately and automatically be forfeited and such shares or share equivalents shall be returned to the Corporation and all of the rights of the Participant to such shares or share equivalents shall immediately terminate. 2. If the Participant exercised an Option within twelve months prior to the date upon which the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any actions described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained by the exercise of such Option measured at the date of exercise. In addition, if the restrictions imposed on any shares of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares lapsed within twelve months prior to the date the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any action described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained with respect to such shares of Restricted Stock, the Restricted Stock Units or the Performance Shares, measured at the date such shares or share equivalents vested. 6 3. The consequences described in 1 and 2 above shall apply if the Participant, either before or after termination of employment with the Corporation or its affiliates: (A) Discloses to others, or takes or uses for his own purpose or the purpose of others, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge, data or know-how or any other proprietary information or intellectual property belonging to the Corporation or its affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of his employment, whether or not they are the Participant’s work product. Examples of such confidential information or trade secrets include, without limitation, customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost data, computer programs, delivery routes, advertising plans, wage and salary data, financial information, research and development plans, processes, equipment, product information and all other types and categories of information as to which the Participant knows or has reason to know that the Corporation or its affiliates intends or expects secrecy to be maintained; (B) Fails to promptly return all documents and other tangible items belonging to the Corporation or its affiliates in the Participant’s possession or control, including all complete or partial copies, recordings, abstracts, notes or reproductions of any kind made from or about such documents or information contained therein, upon termination of employment, whether pursuant to retirement or otherwise; (C) Fails to provide the Corporation with at least thirty (30) days’ written notice prior to directly or indirectly engaging in, becoming employed by, or rendering services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Corporation or its affiliates. As used herein, “business in competition” means any person, organization or enterprise which is engaged in or is about to become engaged in any line of business engaged in by the Corporation or its affiliates at the time of the termination of the Participant’s employment with the Corporation or its affiliates; (D) Fails to inform any new employer, before accepting employment, of the terms of this paragraph and of the Participant’s continuing obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the trade secrets and other confidential information belonging to the Corporation or its affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of his employment with the Corporation or any of its affiliates; (E) Induces or attempts to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the customers of the Corporation or its affiliates, employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue or cease working with or for the Corporation or its affiliates, or to breach any contract with the Corporation or any of its affiliates, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, the Participant or any third party; or (F) Engages in conduct which is not in good faith and which disrupts, damages, impairs or interferes with the business, reputation or employees of the Corporation or its affiliates; (G) Directly or indirectly engages in, becomes employed by, or renders services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Corporation or its affiliates, at any time during the twelve months following termination of employment with the Corporation. The Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Participant has engaged in any of the acts set forth in (A) through (G) above, and its determination shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. Any provision of this Section V which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable should be construed or limited in a manner that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the business objectives intended by such invalid or unenforceable provision, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Section V. VI. CHANGE IN CONTROL 1. If as a result of a Change in Control, the Corporation’s Common Stock ceases to be listed for trading on a national securities exchange (an “Exchange”), any Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Performance Shares that are unvested on the effective date of the Change in Control shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award, provided that such Award is replaced with an award for voting securities of the resulting corporation or the acquiring corporation, as the case may be, (including without limitation, the voting securities of any corporation which as a result of the Change in Control owns the Corporation or all or substantially all of the Corporation’s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) (the “Surviving Company”) which are traded on an Exchange (a “Replacement Award”), which Replacement Award, (i) in the case of Options, shall consist of options with the number of underlying shares and exercise price determined in a manner consistent with Code Section 424(a) with vesting and any other terms continuing in the 7 same manner as the replaced Options; (ii) in the case of Performance Shares, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the Surviving Company’s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Performance Shares (determined using the Corporation’s stock price and assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Shares was to be measured prior to the granting of the Replacement Award; and (iii) in the case of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Awards, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the Surviving Company’s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Awards (determined using the Corporation’s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the same time and manner as the replaced Award; provided, however, that in the event of a termination by the Corporation without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of any Replacement Award, the Replacement Award shall immediately vest; and provided further that upon the vesting date of each Replacement Award, in addition to the fully vested Replacement Award, the Participant shall be entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment equal to the decrease, if any, in the value of a share of the Surviving Company’s stock from the effective date of the Change in Control (as increased on a calendar quarterly basis using an annual interest rate, as of the last business day of the calendar quarter, for zero-coupon U.S. government securities with a constant maturity closest in length to the time period between the effective date of the Change in Control and the date of the vesting of the Replacement Award) to the time of vesting, multiplied by the total number of shares or share equivalents subject to the options, restricted stock, or restricted stock units in the Replacement Award. If Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Unit Awards, or Performance Shares that are unvested at the effective time of the Change in Control are not replaced with Replacement Awards, such Awards shall immediately vest and, in the case of Performance Shares, shall vest based upon deemed attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater. If as a result of a Change in Control, the Corporation’s Common Stock continues to be listed for trading on an Exchange, any unvested Option, Restricted Stock Award, or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award and any Performance Shares shall be replaced with Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units where the number of such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be equal to the number of Performance Shares assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control with any restrictions on such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Shares was to be measured prior to the granting of the replacement Award; provided however, that, in the event of a termination by the Corporation without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of an Award, such Award shall immediately vest; and provided further that upon the vesting date of each Award, in addition to the fully vested Award, the Participant shall be entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment equal to the decrease, if any, in the value of a Share of the Corporation’s stock from the effective date of the Change in Control (as increased on a calendar quarterly basis using an annual interest rate, as of the last business day of the calendar quarter, for zero-coupon U.S. government securities with a constant maturity closest in length to the time period between the effective date of the Change in Control and the date of the vesting of the award) to the time of vesting, multiplied by the total number of shares or share equivalents subject to the Options, Restricted Stock, or Restricted Stock Units. 2. For purposes of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, a “Change in Control” of the Corporation shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the events set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall occur: (i) Any “person” (as such term is used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), excluding the Corporation or any of its affiliates, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Corporation or any of its affiliates, an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or a Corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Corporation in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Corporation, is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Corporation’s then outstanding securities; or (ii) During any period of not more than two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Corporation to effect a transaction described in clause (i), (iii) or (iv) of this paragraph) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Corporation’s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or 8 (iii) The shareholders of the Corporation approve a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other Corporation, other than (A) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Corporation, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Corporation or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Corporation (or similar transaction) in which no person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Corporation’s then outstanding securities; or (iv) The shareholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Corporation or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporation’s assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the holders of the Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. VII. MISCELLANEOUS 1. No Effect on Terms of Employment . Subject to the terms of any employment contract entered into by the Corporation and a Participant to the contrary, the Corporation (or its affiliate which employs him) shall have the right to terminate or change the terms of employment of a Participant at any time and for any reason whatsoever. 2. Grants to Participants in Foreign Countries . In making grants to Participants in foreign countries, the Administrator has the full discretion to deviate from this Statement of Terms and Conditions in order to adjust grants under the Plan to prevailing local conditions, including custom and legal and tax requirements. 3. Information Notification . Any information required to be given under the terms of a Agreement shall be addressed to the Corporation in care of its Secretary at Apex Health Distribution Plaza, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, and any notice to be given to a Participant shall be addressed to him at the address indicated beneath his or her name on the Agreement or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified and deposited (postage or registration or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States. 4. Administrator Decisions Conclusive . All decisions of the Administrator administering the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan, under this Statement of Terms and Conditions, or under an Agreement, shall be conclusive. 5. No Effect on Other Benefit Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect a Participant’s right to participate in and receive benefits from and in accordance with the then current provisions of any pensions, insurance or other employment welfare plan or program offered by the Corporation. 6. Withholding . Each Participant shall agree to make appropriate arrangements with the Corporation and his or her employer for satisfaction of any applicable federal, state or local income tax withholding requirements or payroll tax requirements. With respect to the exercise of an Option, such arrangements may include an election by a Participant to have the Corporation retain some portion of the Stock acquired pursuant to exercise of the Option to satisfy such withholding requirements. The election must be made prior to the date on which the amount to be withheld is determined. If a qualifying election is made, then upon exercise of an Option, in whole or in part, the Corporation will retain the number of Shares having a value equal to the amount necessary to satisfy any withholding requirements. Calculation of the number of Shares to be withheld shall be made based on the closing price of the Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. In no event, however, shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional shares of Stock. The Administrator shall be authorized to establish such rules, forms and procedures as it deems necessary to implement the foregoing. 9 With respect the vesting of an Award other than an Option, if the Participant does not make an arrangement with Corporation and his or her employer for satisfaction of the applicable income and withholding requirements or social security requirements in advance of the vesting date, the Corporation shall retain the number of Shares (that otherwise would have been payable to the Participant) having a value equal to the amount necessary to satisfy any withholding requirements. Calculation of the number of such Shares shall be as described above. 7. Successors . This Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Award Agreements shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Corporation. “Participant” as used herein shall include the Participant’s Beneficiary. 8. California Law . The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of this Statement of Terms and Conditions and all Award Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of California. VIII. DEFINITIONS When capitalized in this Statement of Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: 1. “ Beneficiary ” means a person designated as such by a Participant or a Beneficiary. If a Beneficiary has not been designated or if no designated Beneficiary survives the Participant, distribution will be made to the Participant’s surviving spouse, or if none, to the Participant’s children in equal shares, or if none, to the residuary beneficiary under the terms of the Participant’s or Beneficiary’s last will and testament or, in the absence of a last will and testament, to the Participant’s or Beneficiary’s estate as Beneficiary. 2. “ Cause ” means termination of the Participant’s employment with the Corporation or an affiliate upon the Participant’s negligent or willful engagement in misconduct which, in the sole determination of the Board of Directors of the Corporation (or its designee), is injurious to the Corporation, its employees, or its customers. 3. “ Early Retirement ” means a termination of employment which occurs prior to Normal Retirement but on or after the date on which the Participant’s age (expressed in terms of years and completed months) plus service with the Corporation equals 65. 4. “ Family Member ” means any person identified as an “immediate family” member in Rule 16(a)-1(e) of the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may designate any other person(s) or entity(ies) as a “family member.” 5. “ Good Reason ” means any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of the Participant, which shall not be affected by the Participant’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness: (A) Any material change by the Corporation in the Participant ’s functions, duties or responsibilities as President and Chief Executive Officer, which change would cause the Participant ‘s position with the Corporation to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope as compared to the position and attributes that applied to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control, or an adverse change in the Participant ’s title, position or his obligation and right to report directly to the Board; (B) Any reduction in the Participant ’s base annual salary, MIP target or Long Term Incentive compensation (LTI) targets, which LTI targets include cash awards with performance periods greater than one year and equity based grants, except for reductions that are equivalent to reductions applicable to executive officers of the Corporation; (C) Any material failure by the Corporation to comply with any of the provisions of an award (or of any employment agreement between the parties) subsequent to a Change in Control; (D) The Corporation’s requiring the Participant to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which the Participant is based on the date immediately preceding the Change in Control, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of the Participant’s responsibilities; (E) Cancellation of the automatic renewal mechanism set forth in the Participant’s Employment Agreement; 10 (F) If the Board removes the Participant as Chairman at or after a Change in Control (or prior to a Change in Control if at the request of any third party participating in or causing the Change in Control), unless such removal is required by then-applicable law; or (G) A change in the majority of the members of the Board as it was construed immediately prior to the Change in Control. 6. “ Grant Date ” means the date the Administrator grants the Award. 7. “ Long-Term Disability ” means a physical or mental condition which the Social Security Administration has determined renders the Participant eligible to receive Social Security benefits on account of disability. 8. “ Normal Retirement ” means retirement at age 65 (62, in the case of a participant in the Apex Health Distribution 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan) with at least ten years of Service with the Corporation. 9. “ Option Period ” means the period commencing on the Grant Date of an Option and, except at otherwise provided in Section II.5, ending on the Termination Date. 10. “ Service ” means “Service” as defined in the Corporation’s Profit-Sharing Investment Plan. 11. “ Short-Term Disability ” means short-term disability as defined in the Corporation’s short-term disability plan. 12. “ Termination Date ” means the date that an Option expires as set forth in the Option Agreement. 11 OFFICERS FORM OF Apex Health Distribution STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO OPTIONS, RESTRICTED STOCK, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES GRANTED TO OFFICERS PURSUANT TO THE 2005 STOCK PLAN (As Amended through May 23, 2006) I. INTRODUCTION The following terms and conditions shall apply to each Award granted under the Plan on or after May 23, 2006 to an Employee eligible to participate in the Plan. This Statement of Terms and Conditions is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and any rules promulgated thereunder and is subject to the terms of the Plan and of any Award made pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Statement of Terms and Conditions shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. II. OPTIONS 1. Option Notice and Agreement . An Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Option Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of the Option, including whether the Option is an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option and the number Shares subject to the Option. Each Option Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Exercise Price . The per Share Exercise Price of an Option, as specified in the Option Agreement, shall be equal to or greater than the per Share Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying the Option on the Grant Date. 3. Option Period . An Option shall be exercisable only during the applicable Option Period, and during such Option Period the exercisability of the Option shall be subject to the vesting provisions of Section II.4 as modified by the rules set forth in Sections II.5 and V. The Option Period shall be not more than seven years from the Grant Date. 4. Vesting of Right to Exercise Options . (A) Except as provided in Section V, an Option shall be exercisable during the Option Period in accordance with the following vesting schedule: (i) 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date; (ii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date; (iii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date; and (iv) the remaining 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may specify a different vesting schedule at the time the Option is granted and as specified in the Option Agreement. (B) Any vested portion of an Option not exercised hereunder shall accumulate and be exercisable at any time on or before the Termination Date, subject to the rules set forth in Section V. No Option may be exercised for less than 5% of the total number of Shares then available for exercise under such Option. In no event shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional shares. 5. Limits on Option Period and Acceleration of Vesting . The Option Period may end before the Termination Date, and in the circumstances described in Sections II.5(B), (D), (E) and (F), the vesting schedule of an Option may be accelerated, (subject to the provisions of Section V), as follows: (A) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its affiliates during the Option Period for reasons other than for Cause (as defined herein), Long-Term Disability, Normal or Early Retirement or death, the Option Period shall end ninety days after the date of the Participant’s termination of 1 employment or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first and in all cases the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such termination of employment. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an affiliate because of his or her Short-Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is on a voluntarily leave of absence for the purpose of serving the government of the country of which the Participant is a citizen or in which the Participant’s principal place of employment is located and such leave exceeds twelve months in duration, then the Participant shall be deemed to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate for purposes of this Section II.5(A). (B) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its affiliates (for reasons other than for Cause, Long-Term Disability, Normal or Early Retirement or death) during the Option Period, the Administrator may, in its sole and absolute discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances) approve the continuation of the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option. The Option Period for any Option that continues to vest pursuant to this subsection (B) shall end ninety days after the last Option installment vests, or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first. (C) If the Participant’s employment is terminated for Cause during the Option Period, the Option Period shall end on the date of such termination of employment and the Option shall thereupon not be exercisable to any extent whatsoever. (D) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its affiliates due to his or her Long-Term Disability during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option shall be accelerated, the Option shall become fully exercisable and the Option Period shall end three years after the date of the Participant’s termination of employment or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first. (E) If the Participant’s employment is terminated: (i) by reason of Normal Retirement, the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option shall be accelerated and the Option shall become fully exercisable as of the date of Normal Retirement; or (ii) by reason of Early Retirement, the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such Early Retirement; provided, however, that the Administrator may, in its sole discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances), either (A) accelerate the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option effective as of the date of the Participant’s Early Retirement or (B) approve the continuation of the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option. (iii) With respect to an Option held by a Participant at Normal or Early Retirement, the Option Period for that portion of the Option designated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option shall end three years after the date of retirement or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first; provided, however, that in the case of an Option held by a Participant at Early Retirement as to which the Administrator exercises its discretionary authority to approve the continuation of the vesting schedule, the Option Period shall end on the earlier of the Termination Date or three years after the last Option installment vests. (F) If a Participant should die while in the employ of the Corporation or an affiliate and during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option shall be accelerated and the Option shall become fully exercisable, the Option Period shall end three years after the date of death or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first, and the Participant’s Beneficiary may exercise the entire unexercised portion of the then exercisable Shares covered by such Option (or any lesser amount) remaining on the date of death. (G) If a Participant who ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an affiliate is subsequently rehired prior to the expiration of his or her Option, then the Option shall continue to remain outstanding until such time as the Participant subsequently terminates employment. Upon the Participant’s subsequent termination of employment, the post-termination exercise period calculated pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Section II.5 shall be reduced by the number days between the date of the Participant’s initial termination of employment and his or her re-hire date; provided, however, that if the rehired Participant continues to be employed by the Corporation or an affiliate for at least one year from his or her rehire date, then the post termination exercise period for the Option shall be determined in accordance with Sections II.5(A) through (F) and shall not be adjusted as described above. 2 6. Method of Exercise . A Participant may exercise an Option with respect to all or any part of the exercisable Shares as follows: (A) By giving the Corporation, or its authorized representative designated for this purpose, written notice of such exercise specifying the number of Shares as to which the Option is so exercised. Such notice shall be accompanied by an amount equal to the Exercise Price of such Shares, in the form of any one or combination of the following: cash or a certified check, bank draft, postal or express money order payable to the order of the Corporation in lawful money of the United States. The Participant may pay the Exercise Price, in whole or in part, by tendering to the Corporation or its authorized representative Shares which have been owned by the Participant for at least six months prior to said tender, and having a fair market value, as determined by the Corporation, equal to the Exercise Price, or in lieu of the delivery of actual Shares in such tender, the Corporation may accept an attestation by the Participant, in a form prescribed by the Corporation or its authorized representative, that the Participant owns sufficient Shares, which have been owned by the Participant for at least six months prior to said tender, of record or in an account in street name to satisfy the Exercise Price, and such attestation will be deemed a tender of Shares for purposes of this method of exercise. In the event a Participant tenders Shares to pay the Exercise Price, tender of Shares acquired through exercise of an Incentive Stock Option may result in unfavorable income tax consequences unless such Shares are held for at least two years from the Grant Date of the Incentive Stock Option and one year from the date of exercise of the Incentive Stock Option. The Corporation or its authorized representative may accept payment of the Exercise Price in the form of a Participant’s personal check. Payment may also be made by delivery (including by FAX transmission) to the Corporation or its authorized representative of an executed irrevocable option exercise form together with irrevocable instructions to an approved registered investment broker to sell Shares in an amount sufficient to pay the Exercise Price plus any applicable withholding taxes and to transfer the proceeds of such sale to the Corporation. (B) If required by the Corporation, by giving satisfactory assurance in writing, signed by the Participant, the Participant shall give his or her assurance that the Shares subject to the Option are being purchased for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof; provided that such assurance shall be deemed inapplicable to (1) any sale of the Shares by such Participant made in accordance with the terms of a registration statement covering such sale, which has heretofore been (or may hereafter be) filed and become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and with respect to which no stop order suspending the effectiveness thereof has been issued, and (2) any other sale of the Shares with respect to which, in the opinion of counsel for the Corporation, such assurance is not required to be given in order to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act. (C) As soon as practicable after receipt of the notice and the assurance described in Sections II.6(A) and (B), the Corporation shall, without transfer or issue tax (except for withholding tax arrangements contemplated in Section VII.6) and without other incidental expense to the Participant, cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent recording the Participant’s unrestricted interest in the purchased Shares; provided, however, that the time of such delivery may be postponed by the Corporation for such period as may be required for it with reasonable diligence to comply with applicable registration requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any applicable listing requirements of any national securities exchange and requirements under any other law or regulation applicable to the issuance or transfer of the Shares. 7. Limitations on Transfer . An Option shall, during a Participant’s lifetime, be exercisable only by the Participant. No Option or any right granted thereunder shall be transferable by the Participant by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) a Participant may designate a beneficiary to succeed, after the Participant’s death, to all of the Participant’s Options outstanding on the date of death; (ii) a Nonstatutory Stock Option may be transferable pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act; and (iii) any Participant, who is a senior executive officer recommended by the Chief Executive Officer and approved by the Administrator may voluntarily transfer any Nonstatutory Stock Option to a Family Member as a gift or through a transfer to an entity in which more than 50% of the voting interests are owned by Family Members (or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. In the event of any attempt by a Participant to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of an Option or of any right thereunder, except as provided herein, or in the event of the levy of any attachment, execution, or similar process upon the rights or interest hereby conferred, the Corporation at its election may terminate the affected Option by notice to the Participant and the Option shall thereupon become null and void. 8. No Shareholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant’s rights in the event of the Participant’s death shall have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the Shares subject to an Option except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent with respect to such Shares upon the exercise of an Option. 3 III. RESTRICTED STOCK 1. Restricted Stock Agreement . A Restricted Stock Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award. Each Restricted Stock Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Rights with Respect to Shares of Restricted Stock . Upon written acceptance of a grant of Restricted Stock Award by a Participant, including the restrictions and other terms and conditions described in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement and herein, the Corporation shall cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent recording the Participant’s interest in the Restricted Stock. From and after the Grant Date, the Participant shall have absolute ownership of such shares of Restricted Stock, including the right to vote and to receive dividends thereon, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement and this Statement of Terms and Conditions. 3. Special Restrictions . Each Restricted Stock Award made under the Plan shall contain the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that no Restricted Stock grant shall be subject to additional terms, conditions and restrictions which are more favorable to a Participant than the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement or this Statement of Terms and Conditions. (A) Restrictions . Until the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock grant shall lapse, shares of Restricted Stock granted to a Participant: (i) shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and (ii) shall, if the Participant’s continuous employment with the Corporation or any of its affiliates shall terminate for any reason (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section III.3(B)) be returned to the Corporation forthwith, and all the rights of the Participant to such shares shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an affiliate because of his or her Short-Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is on a voluntarily leave of absence for the purpose of serving the government of the country of which the Participant is a citizen or in which the Participant’s principal place of employment is located and such leave exceeds twelve months in duration, then the Participant shall be deemed to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate for purposes of this Section III.3(A). (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long-Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an affiliate as a result of death, Long-Term Disability, or Normal Retirement, then the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Award shall lapse as to all shares of stock granted to such Participant pursuant to such Restricted Stock Award on the date of such termination. (C) Termination of Employment by Reason of Early Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation of an affiliate by reason of Early Retirement, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances), accelerate the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Restricted Stock Award effective as of the date of the Participant’s Early Retirement. 4. Dividends . Cash dividends paid with respect to the Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be paid directly to the Participant during the Restriction Period. Stock dividends paid with respect to Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be treated as Restricted Stock which shall be subject to the same restrictions as the original award for the duration of the Restricted Period. 5. Election to Recognize Gross Income in the Year of Grant . If any Participant validly elects within thirty days of the Grant Date, to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of Restricted Stock granted on the Grant Date, such Participant shall pay to the Corporation, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator to pay to the Corporation in the year of such 4 grant, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to such shares in accordance with Section VII.6. 6. Restrictive Legend . Each book entry in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent evidencing shares of stock granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock grant may bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement and this Statement of Terms and Conditions. 7. Expiration of Restricted Period . If and when the Restriction Period applicable to the Restricted Stock expires without a prior forfeiture, an appropriate book entry recording the Participant’s interest in the unrestricted Shares shall be entered on the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent. IV. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES 1. Award Agreement . (A) A Restricted Stock Unit Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Unit Award. Each Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. (B) Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Performance Share Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Performance Shares. Each Performance Share Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Special Restrictions . Restricted Stock Unit Awards and Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall contain the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that no such Award shall be subject to additional terms, conditions and restrictions which are more favorable to a Participant than the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement or this Statement of Terms and Conditions. (A) Restrictions . If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an affiliates (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section III.3(B) or (C)) prior to the lapse of the restrictions imposed on the Award, the unvested Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares shall be returned to the Corporation, and all the rights of the Participant to such Share Equivalents shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an affiliate because of his or her Short-Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is on a voluntarily leave of absence for the purpose of serving the government of the country of which the Participant is a citizen or in which the Participant’s principal place of employment is located and such leave exceeds twelve months in duration, then the Participant shall be deemed to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate for purposes of this Section IV.2(A). (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long-Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date shall, while in such employment, be terminated as a result of death, Long-Term Disability, or Normal Retirement, then the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares shall lapse as to all Share Equivalents granted to such Participant pursuant to such Award on the date of such termination. (C) Termination of Employment by Reason of Early Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Share Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation of an affiliate by reason of Early Retirement, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances), accelerate the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares effective as of the date of the Participant’s Early Retirement. 5 3. Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents shall be credited in respect of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares. Cash dividends shall be credited on behalf of the Participant to a deferred cash account (in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A). Stock dividends shall be converted into additional Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, which will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares, including the same vesting restrictions as the underlying award. 4. Assignability . A Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or encumber such Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. 5. No Shareholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant’s rights in the event of the Participant’s death shall have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the Share Equivalents subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent with respect to such Shares upon the payment of any vested Restricted Stock Unit Award of Performance Shares. 6. Time of Payment of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares . Upon the lapse of the restriction imposed on Restricted Stock Unit Awards or Performance Shares, all Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares that were not forfeited pursuant to Sections IV.2(A) or V shall be paid to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after the restrictions lapse. Payment shall be made in Shares in the form of a an appropriate book entry entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent recording the Participant’s unrestricted interest in the number of Shares equal to the number of vested Share Equivalents subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Participant may elect to defer payment of the Restricted Stock Units in the manner described in Section IV.7. 7. Deferral Election . Each Participant, pursuant to rules established by the Administrator, may be entitled to elect to defer all or a percentage of any payment in respect of a Restricted Stock Unit Award that he or she may be entitled to receive as determined pursuant to Section IV.6. This election shall be made by giving notice in a manner and within the time prescribed by the Administrator and in compliance with Code Section 409A. Each Participant must indicate the percentage (expressed in whole percentages) he or she chooses to defer of any payment he or she may be entitled to receive. If no notice is given, the Participant shall be deemed to have made no deferral election. Each deferral election filed with the Corporation shall become irrevocable in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Corporation’s Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II (DCAP II) (or any successor plan) and in compliance with Code Section 409A. V. SPECIAL FORFEITURE AND REPAYMENT RULES Any other provision of this Statement of Terms and Conditions to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Administrator determines that a Participant has engaged in any of the actions described in 3 below, the consequences set forth in 1 and 2 below shall result: 1. Any outstanding Option shall immediately and automatically terminate, be forfeited and shall cease to be exercisable, without limitation. In addition, any shares of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares as to which the restrictions have not lapsed shall immediately and automatically be forfeited and such shares or share equivalents shall be returned to the Corporation and all of the rights of the Participant to such shares or share equivalents shall immediately terminate. 2. If the Participant exercised an Option within twelve months prior to the date upon which the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any actions described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained by the exercise of such Option measured at the date of exercise. In addition, if the restrictions imposed on any shares of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares lapsed within twelve months prior to the date the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any action described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained with respect to such shares of Restricted Stock, the Restricted Stock Units or the Performance Shares, measured at the date such shares or share equivalents vested. 3. The consequences described in 1 and 2 above shall apply if the Participant, either before or after termination of employment with the Corporation or its affiliates: 6 (A) Discloses to others, or takes or uses for his own purpose or the purpose of others, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge, data or know-how or any other proprietary information or intellectual property belonging to the Corporation or its affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of his employment, whether or not they are the Participant’s work product. Examples of such confidential information or trade secrets include, without limitation, customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost data, computer programs, delivery routes, advertising plans, wage and salary data, financial information, research and development plans, processes, equipment, product information and all other types and categories of information as to which the Participant knows or has reason to know that the Corporation or its affiliates intends or expects secrecy to be maintained; (B) Fails to promptly return all documents and other tangible items belonging to the Corporation or its affiliates in the Participant’s possession or control, including all complete or partial copies, recordings, abstracts, notes or reproductions of any kind made from or about such documents or information contained therein, upon termination of employment, whether pursuant to retirement or otherwise; (C) Fails to provide the Corporation with at least thirty (30) days’ written notice prior to directly or indirectly engaging in, becoming employed by, or rendering services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Corporation or its affiliates. As used herein, “business in competition” means any person, organization or enterprise which is engaged in or is about to become engaged in any line of business engaged in by the Corporation or its affiliates at the time of the termination of the Participant’s employment with the Corporation or its affiliates; (D) Fails to inform any new employer, before accepting employment, of the terms of this paragraph and of the Participant’s continuing obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the trade secrets and other confidential information belonging to the Corporation or its affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of his employment with the Corporation or any of its affiliates; (E) Induces or attempts to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the customers of the Corporation or its affiliates, employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue or cease working with or for the Corporation or its affiliates, or to breach any contract with the Corporation or any of its affiliates, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, the Participant or any third party; or (F) Engages in conduct which is not in good faith and which disrupts, damages, impairs or interferes with the business, reputation or employees of the Corporation or its affiliates; (G) Directly or indirectly engages in, becomes employed by, or renders services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Corporation or its affiliates, at any time during the twelve months following termination of employment with the Corporation. The Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Participant has engaged in any of the acts set forth in (A) through (G) above, and its determination shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. Any provision of this Section V which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable should be construed or limited in a manner that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the business objectives intended by such invalid or unenforceable provision, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Section V. VI. CHANGE IN CONTROL 1. If as a result of a Change in Control, the Corporation’s Common Stock ceases to be listed for trading on a national securities exchange (an “Exchange”), any Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Performance Shares that are unvested on the effective date of the Change in Control shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award, provided that such Award is replaced with an award for voting securities of the resulting corporation or the acquiring corporation, as the case may be, (including without limitation, the voting securities of any corporation which as a result of the Change in Control owns the Corporation or all or substantially all of the Corporation’s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) (the “Surviving Company”) which are traded on an Exchange (a “Replacement Award”), which Replacement Award, (i) in the case of Options, shall consist of options with the number of underlying shares and exercise price determined in a manner consistent with Code Section 424(a) with vesting and any other terms continuing in the same manner as the replaced Options; (ii) in the case of Performance Shares, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the Surviving Company’s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Performance Shares (determined using the Corporation’s stock price 7 and assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Shares was to be measured prior to the granting of the Replacement Award; and (iii) in the case of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Awards, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the Surviving Company’s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Awards (determined using the Corporation’s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the same time and manner as the replaced Award; provided, however, that in the event of a termination by the Corporation without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of any Replacement Award, the Replacement Award shall immediately vest; and provided further that upon the vesting date of each Replacement Award, in addition to the fully vested Replacement Award, the Participant shall be entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment equal to the decrease, if any, in the value of a share of the Surviving Company’s stock from the effective date of the Change in Control (as increased on a calendar quarterly basis using an annual interest rate, as of the last business day of the calendar quarter, for zero-coupon U.S. government securities with a constant maturity closest in length to the time period between the effective date of the Change in Control and the date of the vesting of the Replacement Award) to the time of vesting, multiplied by the total number of shares or share equivalents subject to the options, restricted stock, or restricted stock units in the Replacement Award. If Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Unit Awards, or Performance Shares that are unvested at the effective time of the Change in Control are not replaced with Replacement Awards, such Awards shall immediately vest and, in the case of Performance Shares, shall vest based upon deemed attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater. If as a result of a Change in Control, the Corporation’s Common Stock continues to be listed for trading on an Exchange, any unvested Option, Restricted Stock Award, or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award and any Performance Shares shall be replaced with Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units where the number of such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be equal to the number of Performance Shares assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control with any restrictions on such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Shares was to be measured prior to the granting of the replacement Award; provided however, that, in the event of a termination by the Corporation without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of an Award, such Award shall immediately vest; and provided further that upon the vesting date of each Award, in addition to the fully vested Award, the Participant shall be entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment equal to the decrease, if any, in the value of a Share of the Corporation’s stock from the effective date of the Change in Control (as increased on a calendar quarterly basis using an annual interest rate, as of the last business day of the calendar quarter, for zero-coupon U.S. government securities with a constant maturity closest in length to the time period between the effective date of the Change in Control and the date of the vesting of the award) to the time of vesting, multiplied by the total number of shares or share equivalents subject to the Options, Restricted Stock, or Restricted Stock Units. 2. For purposes of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, a “Change in Control” of the Corporation shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the events set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall occur: (i) Any “person” (as such term is used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), excluding the Corporation or any of its affiliates, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Corporation or any of its affiliates, an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or a Corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Corporation in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Corporation, is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Corporation’s then outstanding securities; or (ii) During any period of not more than two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Corporation to effect a transaction described in clause (i), (iii) or (iv) of this paragraph) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Corporation’s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (iii) The shareholders of the Corporation approve a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other Corporation, other than (A) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining 8 outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Corporation, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Corporation or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Corporation (or similar transaction) in which no person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Corporation’s then outstanding securities; or (iv) The shareholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Corporation or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporation’s assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the holders of the Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. VII. MISCELLANEOUS 1. No Effect on Terms of Employment . Subject to the terms of any employment contract entered into by the Corporation and a Participant to the contrary, the Corporation (or its affiliate which employs him) shall have the right to terminate or change the terms of employment of a Participant at any time and for any reason whatsoever. 2. Grants to Participants in Foreign Countries . In making grants to Participants in foreign countries, the Administrator has the full discretion to deviate from this Statement of Terms and Conditions in order to adjust grants under the Plan to prevailing local conditions, including custom and legal and tax requirements. 3. Information Notification . Any information required to be given under the terms of a Agreement shall be addressed to the Corporation in care of its Secretary at Apex Health Distribution Plaza, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, and any notice to be given to a Participant shall be addressed to him at the address indicated beneath his or her name on the Agreement or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified and deposited (postage or registration or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States. 4. Administrator Decisions Conclusive . All decisions of the Administrator administering the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan, under this Statement of Terms and Conditions, or under an Agreement, shall be conclusive. 5. No Effect on Other Benefit Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect a Participant’s right to participate in and receive benefits from and in accordance with the then current provisions of any pensions, insurance or other employment welfare plan or program offered by the Corporation. 6. Withholding . Each Participant shall agree to make appropriate arrangements with the Corporation and his or her employer for satisfaction of any applicable federal, state or local income tax withholding requirements or payroll tax requirements. With respect to the exercise of an Option, such arrangements may include an election by a Participant to have the Corporation retain some portion of the Stock acquired pursuant to exercise of the Option to satisfy such withholding requirements. The election must be made prior to the date on which the amount to be withheld is determined. If a qualifying election is made, then upon exercise of an Option, in whole or in part, the Corporation will retain the number of Shares having a value equal to the amount necessary to satisfy any withholding requirements. Calculation of the number of Shares to be withheld shall be made based on the closing price of the Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. In no event, however, shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional shares of Stock. The Administrator shall be authorized to establish such rules, forms and procedures as it deems necessary to implement the foregoing. 9 With respect the vesting of an Award other than an Option, if the Participant does not make an arrangement with Corporation and his or her employer for satisfaction of the applicable income and withholding requirements or social security requirements in advance of the vesting date, the Corporation shall retain the number of Shares (that otherwise would have been payable to the Participant) having a value equal to the amount necessary to satisfy any withholding requirements. Calculation of the number of such Shares shall be as described above. 7. Successors . This Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Award Agreements shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Corporation. “Participant” as used herein shall include the Participant’s Beneficiary. 8. California Law . The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of this Statement of Terms and Conditions and all Award Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of California. VIII. DEFINITIONS When capitalized in this Statement of Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: 1. “ Beneficiary ” means a person designated as such by a Participant or a Beneficiary. If a Beneficiary has not been designated or if no designated Beneficiary survives the Participant, distribution will be made to the Participant’s surviving spouse, or if none, to the Participant’s children in equal shares, or if none, to the residuary beneficiary under the terms of the Participant’s or Beneficiary’s last will and testament or, in the absence of a last will and testament, to the Participant’s or Beneficiary’s estate as Beneficiary. 2. “ Cause ” means termination of the Participant’s employment with the Corporation or an affiliate upon the Participant’s negligent or willful engagement in misconduct which, in the sole determination of the Chief Executive Officer (or his designee), is injurious to the Corporation, its employees, or its customers. 3. “ Early Retirement ” means a termination of employment which occurs prior to Normal Retirement but on or after the date on which the Participant’s age (expressed in terms of years and completed months) plus service with the Corporation equals 65. 4. “ Family Member ” means any person identified as an “immediate family” member in Rule 16(a)-1(e) of the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may designate any other person(s) or entity(ies) as a “family member.” 5. “ Good Reason ” means any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of the Participant: (A) Any material change by the Corporation in the Participant’s functions, duties, or responsibilities, which change would cause the Participant’s position with the Corporation to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope from the position and attributes that applied to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control; (B) Any significant reduction in the Participant’s base salary immediately prior to the Change in Control, other than a reduction effected as part of an across-the-board reduction affecting all executive employees of the Corporation; (C) Any material failure by the Corporation to comply with any of the provisions of an award (or of any employment agreement between the parties) subsequent to a Change in Control; (D) The Corporation’s requiring the Participant to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which the Participant is based on the date immediately preceding the Change in Control; or (E) Any change in the person to whom the Participant reports, as this relationship existed immediately prior to a Change in Control. 6. “ Grant Date ” means the date the Administrator grants the Award. 10 7. “ Long-Term Disability ” means a physical or mental condition which the Social Security Administration has determined renders the Participant eligible to receive Social Security benefits on account of disability. 8. “ Normal Retirement ” means retirement at age 65 (62, in the case of a participant in the Apex Health Distribution 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan) with at least ten years of Service with the Corporation. 9. “ Option Period ” means the period commencing on the Grant Date of an Option and, except at otherwise provided in Section II.5, ending on the Termination Date. 10. “ Service ” means “Service” as defined in the Corporation’s Profit-Sharing Investment Plan. 11. “ Short-Term Disability ” means short-term disability as defined in the Corporation’s short-term disability plan. 12. “ Termination Date ” means the date that an Option expires as set forth in the Option Agreement. 11 EMPLOYEES Apex Health Distribution STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO OPTIONS, RESTRICTED STOCK, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES GRANTED TO EMPLOYEES PURSUANT TO THE 2005 STOCK PLAN (As Amended through May 23, 2006) I. INTRODUCTION The following terms and conditions shall apply to each Award granted on or after May 23, 2006 under the Plan to an Employee eligible to participate in the Plan. This Statement of Terms and Conditions is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and any rules promulgated thereunder and is subject to the terms of the Plan and of any Award made pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Statement of Terms and Conditions shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. II. OPTIONS 1. Option Notice and Agreement . An Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Option Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of the Option, including whether the Option is an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option and the number Shares subject to the Option. Each Option Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Exercise Price . The per Share Exercise Price of an Option, as specified in the Option Agreement, shall be equal to or greater than the per Share Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying the Option on the Grant Date. 3. Option Period . An Option shall be exercisable only during the applicable Option Period, and during such Option Period the exercisability of the Option shall be subject to the vesting provisions of Section II.4 as modified by the rules set forth in Sections II.5 and V. The Option Period shall be not more than seven years from the Grant Date. 4. Vesting of Right to Exercise Options . (A) Except as provided in Section V, an Option shall be exercisable during the Option Period in accordance with the following vesting schedule: (i) 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date; (ii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date; (iii) an additional 25% of the Shares shall vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date; and (iv) the remaining 25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may specify a different vesting schedule at the time the Option is granted and as specified in the Option Agreement. (B) Any vested portion of an Option not exercised hereunder shall accumulate and be exercisable at any time on or before the Termination Date, subject to the rules set forth in Section V. No Option may be exercised for less than 5% of the total number of Shares then available for exercise under such Option. In no event shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional shares. 5. Limits on Option Period and Acceleration of Vesting . The Option Period may end before the Termination Date, and in the circumstances described in Sections II.5(B), (D), (E) and (F), the vesting schedule of an Option may be accelerated, (subject to the provisions of Section V), as follows: (A) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its affiliates during the Option Period for reasons other than for Cause (as defined herein), Long-Term Disability, Normal or Early Retirement or death, the Option Period shall end ninety days after the date of the Participant’s termination of employment or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first and in all cases the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such termination 1 of employment. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an affiliate because of his or her Short- Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is on a voluntarily leave of absence for the purpose of serving the government of the country of which the Participant is a citizen or in which the Participant’s principal place of employment is located and such leave exceeds twelve months in duration, then the Participant shall be deemed to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate for purposes of this Section II.5(A). (B) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its affiliates (for reasons other than for Cause, Long-Term Disability, Normal or Early Retirement or death) during the Option Period, the Administrator may, in its sole and absolute discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances) approve the continuation of the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option. The Option Period for any Option that continues to vest pursuant to this subsection (B) shall end ninety days after the last Option installment vests, or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first. (C) If the Participant’s employment is terminated for Cause during the Option Period, the Option Period shall end on the date of such termination of employment and the Option shall thereupon not be exercisable to any extent whatsoever. (D) If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or of its affiliates due to his or her Long-Term Disability during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option shall be accelerated, the Option shall become fully exercisable and the Option Period shall end three years after the date of the Participant’s termination of employment or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first. (E) If the Participant’s employment is terminated: (i) by reason of Normal Retirement, the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option shall be accelerated and the Option shall become fully exercisable as of the date of Normal Retirement; or (ii) by reason of Early Retirement, the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was exercisable under the provisions of the foregoing Section II.4 at the time of such Early Retirement; provided, however, that the Administrator may, in its sole discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances), either (A) accelerate the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option effective as of the date of the Participant’s Early Retirement or (B) approve the continuation of the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option. (iii) With respect to an Option held by a Participant at Normal or Early Retirement, the Option Period for that portion of the Option designated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option shall end three years after the date of retirement or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first; provided, however, that in the case of an Option held by a Participant at Early Retirement as to which the Administrator exercises its discretionary authority to approve the continuation of the vesting schedule, the Option Period shall end on the earlier of the Termination Date or three years after the last Option installment vests. (F) If a Participant should die while in the employ of the Corporation or an affiliate and during the Option Period, the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Option shall be accelerated and the Option shall become fully exercisable, the Option Period shall end three years after the date of death or on the Termination Date, whichever occurs first, and the Participant’s Beneficiary may exercise the entire unexercised portion of the then exercisable Shares covered by such Option (or any lesser amount) remaining on the date of death. (G) If a Participant who ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an affiliate is subsequently rehired prior to the expiration of his or her Option, then the Option shall continue to remain outstanding until such time as the Participant subsequently terminates employment. Upon the Participant’s subsequent termination of employment, the post-termination exercise period calculated pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Section II.5 shall be reduced by the number days between the date of the Participant’s initial termination of employment and his or her re-hire date; provided, however, that if the rehired Participant continues to be employed by the Corporation or an affiliate for at least one year from his or her rehire date, then the post termination exercise period for the Option shall be determined in accordance with Sections II.5(A) through (F) and shall not be adjusted as described above. 6. Method of Exercise . A Participant may exercise an Option with respect to all or any part of the exercisable Shares as follows: 2 (A) By giving the Corporation, or its authorized representative designated for this purpose, written notice of such exercise specifying the number of Shares as to which the Option is so exercised. Such notice shall be accompanied by an amount equal to the Exercise Price of such Shares, in the form of any one or combination of the following: cash or a certified check, bank draft, postal or express money order payable to the order of the Corporation in lawful money of the United States. The Participant may pay the Exercise Price, in whole or in part, by tendering to the Corporation or its authorized representative Shares which have been owned by the Participant for at least six months prior to said tender, and having a fair market value, as determined by the Corporation, equal to the Exercise Price, or in lieu of the delivery of actual Shares in such tender, the Corporation may accept an attestation by the Participant, in a form prescribed by the Corporation or its authorized representative, that the Participant owns sufficient Shares, which have been owned by the Participant for at least six months prior to said tender, of record or in an account in street name to satisfy the Exercise Price, and such attestation will be deemed a tender of Shares for purposes of this method of exercise. In the event a Participant tenders Shares to pay the Exercise Price, tender of Shares acquired through exercise of an Incentive Stock Option may result in unfavorable income tax consequences unless such Shares are held for at least two years from the Grant Date of the Incentive Stock Option and one year from the date of exercise of the Incentive Stock Option. The Corporation or its authorized representative may accept payment of the Exercise Price in the form of a Participant’s personal check. Payment may also be made by delivery (including by FAX transmission) to the Corporation or its authorized representative of an executed irrevocable option exercise form together with irrevocable instructions to an approved registered investment broker to sell Shares in an amount sufficient to pay the Exercise Price plus any applicable withholding taxes and to transfer the proceeds of such sale to the Corporation. (B) If required by the Corporation, by giving satisfactory assurance in writing, signed by the Participant, the Participant shall give his or her assurance that the Shares subject to the Option are being purchased for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof; provided that such assurance shall be deemed inapplicable to (1) any sale of the Shares by such Participant made in accordance with the terms of a registration statement covering such sale, which has heretofore been (or may hereafter be) filed and become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and with respect to which no stop order suspending the effectiveness thereof has been issued, and (2) any other sale of the Shares with respect to which, in the opinion of counsel for the Corporation, such assurance is not required to be given in order to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act. (C) As soon as practicable after receipt of the notice and the assurance described in Sections II.6(A) and (B), the Corporation shall, without transfer or issue tax (except for withholding tax arrangements contemplated in Section VII.6) and without other incidental expense to the Participant, cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent recording the Participant’s unrestricted interest in the purchased Shares; provided, however, that the time of such delivery may be postponed by the Corporation for such period as may be required for it with reasonable diligence to comply with applicable registration requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any applicable listing requirements of any national securities exchange and requirements under any other law or regulation applicable to the issuance or transfer of the Shares. 7. Limitations on Transfer . An Option shall, during a Participant’s lifetime, be exercisable only by the Participant. No Option or any right granted thereunder shall be transferable by the Participant by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) a Participant may designate a beneficiary to succeed, after the Participant’s death, to all of the Participant’s Options outstanding on the date of death; (ii) a Nonstatutory Stock Option may be transferable pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act; and (iii) any Participant, who is a senior executive officer recommended by the Chief Executive Officer and approved by the Administrator may voluntarily transfer any Nonstatutory Stock Option to a Family Member as a gift or through a transfer to an entity in which more than 50% of the voting interests are owned by Family Members (or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. In the event of any attempt by a Participant to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of an Option or of any right thereunder, except as provided herein, or in the event of the levy of any attachment, execution, or similar process upon the rights or interest hereby conferred, the Corporation at its election may terminate the affected Option by notice to the Participant and the Option shall thereupon become null and void. 8. No Shareholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant’s rights in the event of the Participant’s death shall have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the Shares subject to an Option except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent with respect to such Shares upon the exercise of an Option. 3 III. RESTRICTED STOCK 1. Restricted Stock Agreement . A Restricted Stock Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award. Each Restricted Stock Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Rights with Respect to Shares of Restricted Stock . Upon written acceptance of a grant of Restricted Stock Award by a Participant, including the restrictions and other terms and conditions described in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement and herein, the Corporation shall cause an appropriate book entry to be entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent recording the Participant’s interest in the Restricted Stock. From and after the Grant Date, the Participant shall have absolute ownership of such shares of Restricted Stock, including the right to vote and to receive dividends thereon, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement and this Statement of Terms and Conditions. 3. Special Restrictions . Each Restricted Stock Award made under the Plan shall contain the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that no Restricted Stock grant shall be subject to additional terms, conditions and restrictions which are more favorable to a Participant than the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement or this Statement of Terms and Conditions. (A) Restrictions . Until the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock grant shall lapse, shares of Restricted Stock granted to a Participant: (i) shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and (ii) shall, if the Participant’s continuous employment with the Corporation or any of its affiliates shall terminate for any reason (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section III.3(B)) be returned to the Corporation forthwith, and all the rights of the Participant to such shares shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an affiliate because of his or her Short-Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is on a voluntarily leave of absence for the purpose of serving the government of the country of which the Participant is a citizen or in which the Participant’s principal place of employment is located and such leave exceeds twelve months in duration, then the Participant shall be deemed to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate for purposes of this Section III.3(A). (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long-Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an affiliate as a result of death, Long-Term Disability, or Normal Retirement, then the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Award shall lapse as to all shares of stock granted to such Participant pursuant to such Restricted Stock Award on the date of such termination. (C) Termination of Employment by Reason of Early Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation of an affiliate by reason of Early Retirement, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances), accelerate the vesting schedule of the Participant’s Restricted Stock Award effective as of the date of the Participant’s Early Retirement. 4. Dividends . Cash dividends paid with respect to the Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be paid directly to the Participant during the Restriction Period. Stock dividends paid with respect to Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period shall be treated as Restricted Stock which shall be subject to the same restrictions as the original award for the duration of the Restricted Period. 5. Election to Recognize Gross Income in the Year of Grant . If any Participant validly elects within thirty days of the Grant Date, to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes an amount equal to the fair 4 market value of the shares of Restricted Stock granted on the Grant Date, such Participant shall pay to the Corporation, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator to pay to the Corporation in the year of such grant, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to such shares in accordance with Section VII.6. 6. Restrictive Legend . Each book entry in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent evidencing shares of stock granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock grant may bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Agreement and this Statement of Terms and Conditions. 7. Expiration of Restricted Period . If and when the Restriction Period applicable to the Restricted Stock expires without a prior forfeiture, an appropriate book entry recording the Participant’s interest in the unrestricted Shares shall be entered on the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent. IV. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES 1. Award Agreement . (A) A Restricted Stock Unit Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Unit Award. Each Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. (B) Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Performance Share Agreement to be executed by the Participant and the Corporation setting forth the terms and conditions of the Performance Shares. Each Performance Share Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to this Statement of Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan. 2. Special Restrictions . Restricted Stock Unit Awards and Performance Shares granted under the Plan shall contain the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that no such Award shall be subject to additional terms, conditions and restrictions which are more favorable to a Participant than the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement or this Statement of Terms and Conditions. (A) Restrictions . If a Participant ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation or an affiliates (except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in Section III.3(B) or (C)) prior to the lapse of the restrictions imposed on the Award, the unvested Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares shall be returned to the Corporation, and all the rights of the Participant to such Share Equivalents shall immediately terminate. If a Participant is absent from work with the Corporation or an affiliate because of his or her Short-Term Disability or because the Participant is on an approved leave of absence, the Participant shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is on a voluntarily leave of absence for the purpose of serving the government of the country of which the Participant is a citizen or in which the Participant’s principal place of employment is located and such leave exceeds twelve months in duration, then the Participant shall be deemed to have terminated employment with the Corporation or an affiliate for purposes of this Section IV.2(A). (B) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Long-Term Disability or Normal Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in the continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date shall, while in such employment, be terminated as a result of death, Long-Term Disability, or Normal Retirement, then the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares shall lapse as to all Share Equivalents granted to such Participant pursuant to such Award on the date of such termination. (C) Termination of Employment by Reason of Early Retirement . Notwithstanding any provision contained herein or in the Plan or the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or Performance Share Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant who has been in continuous employment of the Corporation or any of its affiliates since the Grant Date of a Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Share Award ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Corporation of an affiliate by reason of Early Retirement, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion (and subject to conditions deemed appropriate in the circumstances), accelerate the vesting schedule of 5 the Participant’s Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares effective as of the date of the Participant’s Early Retirement. 3. Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents shall be credited in respect of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares. Cash dividends shall be credited on behalf of the Participant to a deferred cash account (in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A). Stock dividends shall be converted into additional Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, which will be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares, including the same vesting restrictions as the underlying award. 4. Assignability . A Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or encumber such Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares, other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. 5. No Shareholder Rights . Neither a Participant nor any person entitled to exercise a Participant’s rights in the event of the Participant’s death shall have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the Share Equivalents subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares except to the extent that a book entry has been entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent with respect to such Shares upon the payment of any vested Restricted Stock Unit Award of Performance Shares. 6. Time of Payment of Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares . Upon the lapse of the restriction imposed on Restricted Stock Unit Awards or Performance Shares, all Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares that were not forfeited pursuant to Sections IV.2(A) or V shall be paid to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after the restrictions lapse. Payment shall be made in Shares in the form of a an appropriate book entry entered in the records of the Corporation’s transfer agent recording the Participant’s unrestricted interest in the number of Shares equal to the number of vested Share Equivalents subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award or Performance Shares. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Participant may elect to defer payment of the Restricted Stock Units in the manner described in Section IV.7. 7. Deferral Election . Each Participant, pursuant to rules established by the Administrator, may be entitled to elect to defer all or a percentage of any payment in respect of a Restricted Stock Unit Award that he or she may be entitled to receive as determined pursuant to Section IV.6. This election shall be made by giving notice in a manner and within the time prescribed by the Administrator and in compliance with Code Section 409A. Each Participant must indicate the percentage (expressed in whole percentages) he or she chooses to defer of any payment he or she may be entitled to receive. If no notice is given, the Participant shall be deemed to have made no deferral election. Each deferral election filed with the Corporation shall become irrevocable in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Corporation’s Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II (DCAP II) (or any successor plan) and in compliance with Code Section 409A. V. SPECIAL FORFEITURE AND REPAYMENT RULES Any other provision of this Statement of Terms and Conditions to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Administrator determines that a Participant has engaged in any of the actions described in 3 below, the consequences set forth in 1 and 2 below shall result: 1. Any outstanding Option shall immediately and automatically terminate, be forfeited and shall cease to be exercisable, without limitation. In addition, any shares of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares as to which the restrictions have not lapsed shall immediately and automatically be forfeited and such shares or share equivalents shall be returned to the Corporation and all of the rights of the Participant to such shares or share equivalents shall immediately terminate. 2. If the Participant exercised an Option within twelve months prior to the date upon which the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any actions described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained by the exercise of such Option measured at the date of exercise. In addition, if the restrictions imposed on any shares of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares lapsed within twelve months prior to the date the Corporation discovered that the Participant engaged in any action described in 3 below, the Participant, upon written notice from the Corporation, shall immediately pay to the Corporation the economic value realized or obtained with respect to such shares of Restricted Stock, the Restricted Stock Units or the Performance Shares, measured at the date such shares or share equivalents vested. 6 3. The consequences described in 1 and 2 above shall apply if the Participant, either before or after termination of employment with the Corporation or its affiliates: (A) Discloses to others, or takes or uses for his own purpose or the purpose of others, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge, data or know-how or any other proprietary information or intellectual property belonging to the Corporation or its affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of his employment, whether or not they are the Participant’s work product. Examples of such confidential information or trade secrets include, without limitation, customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost data, computer programs, delivery routes, advertising plans, wage and salary data, financial information, research and development plans, processes, equipment, product information and all other types and categories of information as to which the Participant knows or has reason to know that the Corporation or its affiliates intends or expects secrecy to be maintained; (B) Fails to promptly return all documents and other tangible items belonging to the Corporation or its affiliates in the Participant’s possession or control, including all complete or partial copies, recordings, abstracts, notes or reproductions of any kind made from or about such documents or information contained therein, upon termination of employment, whether pursuant to retirement or otherwise; (C) Fails to provide the Corporation with at least thirty (30) days’ written notice prior to directly or indirectly engaging in, becoming employed by, or rendering services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Corporation or its affiliates. As used herein, “business in competition” means any person, organization or enterprise which is engaged in or is about to become engaged in any line of business engaged in by the Corporation or its affiliates at the time of the termination of the Participant’s employment with the Corporation or its affiliates; (D) Fails to inform any new employer, before accepting employment, of the terms of this paragraph and of the Participant’s continuing obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the trade secrets and other confidential information belonging to the Corporation or its affiliates and obtained by the Participant during the term of his employment with the Corporation or any of its affiliates; (E) Induces or attempts to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the customers of the Corporation or its affiliates, employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue or cease working with or for the Corporation or its affiliates, or to breach any contract with the Corporation or any of its affiliates, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, the Participant or any third party; or (F) Engages in conduct which is not in good faith and which disrupts, damages, impairs or interferes with the business, reputation or employees of the Corporation or its affiliates; (G) Directly or indirectly engages in, becomes employed by, or renders services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Corporation or its affiliates, at any time during the twelve months following termination of employment with the Corporation. The Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Participant has engaged in any of the acts set forth in (A) through (G) above, and its determination shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. Any provision of this Section V which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable should be construed or limited in a manner that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the business objectives intended by such invalid or unenforceable provision, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Section V. VI. CHANGE IN CONTROL 1. If as a result of a Change in Control, the Corporation’s Common Stock ceases to be listed for trading on a national securities exchange (an “Exchange”), any Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Performance Shares that are unvested on the effective date of the Change in Control shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award, provided that such Award is replaced with an award for voting securities of the resulting corporation or the acquiring corporation, as the case may be, (including without limitation, the voting securities of any corporation which as a result of the Change in Control owns the Corporation or all or substantially all of the Corporation’s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) (the “Surviving Company”) which are traded on an Exchange (a “Replacement Award”), which Replacement Award, (i) in the case of Options, shall consist of options with the number of underlying shares and exercise price determined in a manner consistent with Code Section 424(a) with vesting and any other terms continuing in the 7 same manner as the replaced Options; (ii) in the case of Performance Shares, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the Surviving Company’s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Performance Shares (determined using the Corporation’s stock price and assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Shares was to be measured prior to the granting of the Replacement Award; and (iii) in the case of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Awards, shall consist of restricted stock or restricted stock units with a value (determined using the Surviving Company’s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control) equal to the value of the Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Awards (determined using the Corporation’s stock price as of the effective date of the Change in Control), with any restrictions on such restricted stock or restricted stock units lapsing at the same time and manner as the replaced Award; provided, however, that in the event of a termination by the Corporation without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of any Replacement Award, the Replacement Award shall immediately vest; and provided further that upon the vesting date of each Replacement Award, in addition to the fully vested Replacement Award, the Participant shall be entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment equal to the decrease, if any, in the value of a share of the Surviving Company’s stock from the effective date of the Change in Control (as increased on a calendar quarterly basis using an annual interest rate, as of the last business day of the calendar quarter, for zero-coupon U.S. government securities with a constant maturity closest in length to the time period between the effective date of the Change in Control and the date of the vesting of the Replacement Award) to the time of vesting, multiplied by the total number of shares or share equivalents subject to the options, restricted stock, or restricted stock units in the Replacement Award. If Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Unit Awards, or Performance Shares that are unvested at the effective time of the Change in Control are not replaced with Replacement Awards, such Awards shall immediately vest and, in the case of Performance Shares, shall vest based upon deemed attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater. If as a result of a Change in Control, the Corporation’s Common Stock continues to be listed for trading on an Exchange, any unvested Option, Restricted Stock Award, or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall continue to vest according to the terms and conditions of such Award and any Performance Shares shall be replaced with Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units where the number of such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be equal to the number of Performance Shares assuming attainment of target performance or actual performance achieved, if greater, as of the effective date of the Change in Control with any restrictions on such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units lapsing at the end of the measuring period over which performance for the replaced Performance Shares was to be measured prior to the granting of the replacement Award; provided however, that, in the event of a termination by the Corporation without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason during the vesting period of an Award, such Award shall immediately vest; and provided further that upon the vesting date of each Award, in addition to the fully vested Award, the Participant shall be entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment equal to the decrease, if any, in the value of a Share of the Corporation’s stock from the effective date of the Change in Control (as increased on a calendar quarterly basis using an annual interest rate, as of the last business day of the calendar quarter, for zero-coupon U.S. government securities with a constant maturity closest in length to the time period between the effective date of the Change in Control and the date of the vesting of the award) to the time of vesting, multiplied by the total number of shares or share equivalents subject to the Options, Restricted Stock, or Restricted Stock Units. 2. For purposes of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, a “Change in Control” of the Corporation shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the events set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall occur: (i) Any “person” (as such term is used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), excluding the Corporation or any of its affiliates, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Corporation or any of its affiliates, an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or a Corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Corporation in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Corporation, is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Corporation’s then outstanding securities; or (ii) During any period of not more than two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Corporation to effect a transaction described in clause (i), (iii) or (iv) of this paragraph) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Corporation’s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or 8 (iii) The shareholders of the Corporation approve a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other Corporation, other than (A) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Corporation, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Corporation or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Corporation (or similar transaction) in which no person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Corporation’s then outstanding securities; or (iv) The shareholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Corporation or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporation’s assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the holders of the Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. VII. MISCELLANEOUS 1. No Effect on Terms of Employment . Subject to the terms of any employment contract entered into by the Corporation and a Participant to the contrary, the Corporation (or its affiliate which employs him) shall have the right to terminate or change the terms of employment of a Participant at any time and for any reason whatsoever. 2. Grants to Participants in Foreign Countries . In making grants to Participants in foreign countries, the Administrator has the full discretion to deviate from this Statement of Terms and Conditions in order to adjust grants under the Plan to prevailing local conditions, including custom and legal and tax requirements. 3. Information Notification . Any information required to be given under the terms of a Agreement shall be addressed to the Corporation in care of its Secretary at Apex Health Distribution Plaza, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, and any notice to be given to a Participant shall be addressed to him at the address indicated beneath his or her name on the Agreement or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified and deposited (postage or registration or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States. 4. Administrator Decisions Conclusive . All decisions of the Administrator administering the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan, under this Statement of Terms and Conditions, or under an Agreement, shall be conclusive. 5. No Effect on Other Benefit Plans . Nothing herein contained shall affect a Participant’s right to participate in and receive benefits from and in accordance with the then current provisions of any pensions, insurance or other employment welfare plan or program offered by the Corporation. 6. Withholding . Each Participant shall agree to make appropriate arrangements with the Corporation and his or her employer for satisfaction of any applicable federal, state or local income tax withholding requirements or payroll tax requirements. With respect to the exercise of an Option, such arrangements may include an election by a Participant to have the Corporation retain some portion of the Stock acquired pursuant to exercise of the Option to satisfy such withholding requirements. The election must be made prior to the date on which the amount to be withheld is determined. If a qualifying election is made, then upon exercise of an Option, in whole or in part, the Corporation will retain the number of Shares having a value equal to the amount necessary to satisfy any withholding requirements. Calculation of the number of Shares to be withheld shall be made based on the closing price of the Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. In no event, however, shall the Corporation be required to issue fractional shares of Stock. The Administrator shall be authorized to establish such rules, forms and procedures as it deems necessary to implement the foregoing. 9 With respect the vesting of an Award other than an Option, if the Participant does not make an arrangement with Corporation and his or her employer for satisfaction of the applicable income and withholding requirements or social security requirements in advance of the vesting date, the Corporation shall retain the number of Shares (that otherwise would have been payable to the Participant) having a value equal to the amount necessary to satisfy any withholding requirements. Calculation of the number of such Shares shall be as described above. 7. Successors . This Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Award Agreements shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Corporation. “Participant” as used herein shall include the Participant’s Beneficiary. 8. California Law . The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of this Statement of Terms and Conditions and all Award Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of California. VIII. DEFINITIONS When capitalized in this Statement of Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: 1. “ Beneficiary ” means a person designated as such by a Participant or a Beneficiary. If a Beneficiary has not been designated or if no designated Beneficiary survives the Participant, distribution will be made to the Participant’s surviving spouse, or if none, to the Participant’s children in equal shares, or if none, to the residuary beneficiary under the terms of the Participant’s or Beneficiary’s last will and testament or, in the absence of a last will and testament, to the Participant’s or Beneficiary’s estate as Beneficiary. 2. “ Cause ” means termination of the Participant’s employment with the Corporation or an affiliate upon the Participant’s negligent or willful engagement in misconduct which, in the sole determination of the Chief Executive Officer (or his designee), is injurious to the Corporation, its employees, or its customers. 3. “ Early Retirement ” means a termination of employment which occurs prior to Normal Retirement but on or after the date on which the Participant’s age (expressed in terms of years and completed months) plus service with the Corporation equals 65. 4. “ Family Member ” means any person identified as an “immediate family” member in Rule 16(a)-1(e) of the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may designate any other person(s) or entity(ies) as a “family member.” 5. “ Good Reason ” means any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of the Participant: (A) Any material change by the Corporation in the Participant’s functions, duties, or responsibilities, which change would cause the Participant’s position with the Corporation to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope from the position and attributes that applied to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control; (B) Any significant reduction in the Participant’s base salary immediately prior to the Change in Control, other than a reduction effected as part of an across-the-board reduction affecting all Plan participants; (C) Any material failure by the Corporation to comply with any of the provisions of an award (or of any employment agreement between the parties) subsequent to a Change in Control; or (D) The Corporation’s requiring the Participant to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which the Participant is based on the date immediately preceding the Change in Control. 6. “ Grant Date ” means the date the Administrator grants the Award. 7. “ Long-Term Disability ” means a physical or mental condition which the Social Security Administration has determined renders the Participant eligible to receive Social Security benefits on account of disability. 10 8. “ Normal Retirement ” means retirement at age 65 (62, in the case of a participant in the Apex Health Distribution 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan) with at least ten years of Service with the Corporation. 9. “ Option Period ” means the period commencing on the Grant Date of an Option and, except at otherwise provided in Section II.5, ending on the Termination Date. 10. “ Service ” means “Service” as defined in the Corporation’s Profit-Sharing Investment Plan. 11. “ Short-Term Disability ” means short-term disability as defined in the Corporation’s short-term disability plan. 12. “ Termination Date ” means the date that an Option expires as set forth in the Option Agreement. 11 CEO/OFFICERS/EMPLOYEES FORM OF MCKESSON CORPORATION 2005 STOCK PLAN — STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE Name Type of Option: Non-Qualified Stock Address Grant Date: Shares Granted: Price per Share: Vesting Schedule: Expiration Date: Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) is pleased to grant you a nonqualified stock option under the Company’s 2005 Stock Plan (the “Plan”) to purchase shares of common stock of the Company (“Shares”). This Grant Notice (“Notice”), together with the Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to Stock Options Granted Pursuant to the Plan (the “STC”) set forth the terms of your grant. The STC and the Prospectus covering the shares granted are included with this Notice. PLEASE BE SURE TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION SPECIFIC TO THIS GRANT OF AN OPTION. This grant, along with any other grants you may have received in the past can be viewed on the Merrill Lynch web site at www.benefits.ml.com . This option is subject to earlier termination than the expiration date set above in certain circumstances, as set forth in the plan. For more information about stock options and how to exercise your options, visit the Corporate Secretary’s web site on McKNet/Inside Apex Health Distribution/Corporate Departments/Corp. Secretary Dept. and click on Stock Plan Administration. By signing below, I acknowledge that : 1. I have previously received a copy of the Apex Health Distribution Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most recent fiscal year (“Form 10-K”); or 2. I have notice of the availability of the Form 10-K on the company’s web site, at www.apexhealthdist.com under Investor Resources; and 3. I have access to the Company’s web site; and 4. I consent to receiving a copy of the Form 10-K electronically. 5. I accept ALL the terms and conditions as set forth in the Prospectus, the Plan and the Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to stock Options Granted Pursuant to the Plan. To receive a paper copy of the Plan or the Form 10-K, please contact the Corporate Secretary’s office at 415-983-8367. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Optionee has executed this Agreement, and the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf, all as of the Grant Date. Signature Date Optionee Signature Date PLEASE RETURN ONE SIGNED COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO: ATTACHMENTS: • 2005 Stock Plan Prospectus Apex Health Distribution Stock Administration One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, 35 th Floor One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Attention: Evelyn Shaffer • STs&Cs Applicable to Options, Restricted Stock, Restrict Stock Units and Performance Share Granted to [Title] pursuant to the 2005 Stock Plan • Designation of Beneficiary Form 1 OUTSIDE DIRECTORS FORM OF Apex Health Distribution OUTSIDE DIRECTORS AUTOMATIC ANNUAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT 2005 STOCK PLAN The Board of Directors of Apex Health Distribution has approved a grant to you (the “Grantee”) Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) pursuant to the Apex Health Distribution 2005 Stock Plan (the “Plan”), as described below. Grantee Name: Grantee Address: Number of RSUs of Granted: Date of Grant: Vesting Dates: Vesting Schedule : . By their signatures below, the Company and the Grantee agree that the RSUs are granted under and governed by this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and by the provisions of the Plan and the Statement of Terms and Conditions attached hereto. The Plan and the Statement of Terms and Conditions are incorporated herein by reference. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan or in the Statement of Terms and Conditions, as applicable. The Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, the Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Plan Prospectus, represents that the Grantee has carefully read and is familiar with their provisions, and hereby accepts the RSUs subject to all of their terms and conditions. The Grantee acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon settlement of the RSUs or disposition of the shares, if any, received in connection therewith and that Grantee should consult a tax adviser prior to such settlement or disposition. Please sign your name in the space provided below on this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and return an executed copy to Evelyn Shaffer, Stock Administrator, Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, 35th Floor, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460. MCKESSON CORPORATION GRANTEE By: Date: ATTACHMENTS: * Apex Health Distribution 2005 Stock Plan Prospectus for Non-Employee Directors * Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to Restricted Stock Units granted to Outside Directors pursuant to the 2005 Stock Plan * Designation of Beneficiary Form 1 CEO/OFFICERS/EMPLOYEES FORM OF Apex Health Distribution RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 2005 STOCK PLAN The Board of Directors of Apex Health Distribution has approved a grant to you (the “Grantee”) Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) pursuant to the Apex Health Distribution 2005 Stock Plan (the “Plan”), as described below. Grantee Name: Grantee Address: Number of RSUs of Granted: Date of Grant: Vesting Dates: Vesting Schedule : Provided you continue to provide services to the Company or any subsidiary or parent of the Company through the vesting date, the RSUs will become % vested on and remaining % vested on . By their signatures below, the Company and the Grantee agree that the RSUs are granted under and governed by this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and by the provisions of the Plan and the Statement of Terms and Conditions attached hereto. The Plan and the Statement of Terms and Conditions are incorporated herein by reference. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan or in the Statement of Terms and Conditions, as applicable. The Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, the Statement of Terms and Conditions and the Plan Prospectus, represents that the Grantee has carefully read and is familiar with their provisions, and hereby accepts the RSUs subject to all of their terms and conditions. The Grantee acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon settlement of the RSUs or disposition of the shares, if any, received in connection therewith and that Grantee should consult a tax adviser prior to such settlement or disposition. Please sign your name in the space provided below on this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and return an executed copy to Evelyn Shaffer, Stock Administrator, Apex Health Distribution, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460, 35th Floor, One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460. MCKESSON CORPORATION GRANTEE By: Date: ATTACHMENTS: * Apex Health Distribution 2005 Stock Plan Prospectus * Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to Options, Restricted Stocks, Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares Granted to [Title] pursuant to the 2005 Stock Plan * Withholding Election Form for Restricted Stock Units * Designation of Beneficiary Form 1
exv12 Exhibit 12 Apex Health Distribution COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 Earnings: Income (Loss) from continuing operations before income taxes $ 1,064 $ 1,457 $ 1,297 $ 1,171 $ (266 ) Adjustment to exclude equity in net income of and dividends from equity investees (1 ) (17 ) (17 ) (15 ) (4 ) Fixed charges 195 198 141 133 159 Amortization of capitalized interest 4 4 3 2 1 Less: Capitalized interest (1 ) (3 ) (3 ) (4 ) (6 ) Earnings as adjusted $ 1,261 $ 1,639 $ 1,421 $ 1,287 $ (116 ) Fixed charges: Interest expense (a) (c) $ 144 $ 142 $ 99 $ 94 $ 118 Capitalized interest 1 3 3 4 6 Portion of rental expense representative of the interest factor (b) 50 53 39 35 35 Total fixed charges $ 195 $ 198 $ 141 $ 133 $ 159 Ratio: Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 6.5 8.3 10.1 9.7 (d ) (a) Interest expense includes amortization of debt discounts and deferred loan costs. (b) One-third of net rent expense is the portion of rental expense deemed representative of the interest factor. (c) Interest accrued on uncertain tax positions as a result of the implementation of FIN 48 is excluded from Interest expense in the computation of Fixed charges. (d) Earnings for the year ended March 31, 2005 were inadequate to cover fixed charges. The coverage deficiency was $276 million for the ratio of earnings to fixed charges.
exv21 Exhibit 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT There is no parent of the Company. The following is a listing of the significant subsidiaries of the Company, or if indented, subsidiaries of the Company under which they are listed. JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION Apex Health Distribution Financial Holdings Ltd. Ireland California Golden State Company California CGSF Funding Corporation Delaware Apex Health Distribution International Holdings Ltd. Ireland
exv23 Exhibit 23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Apex Health Distribution Registration Statements No. 033-86536, 333-00611, 333-02871, 333-21931, 333-30104, 333-30216, 333-30218, 333-30220, 333-30222, 333-20224, 333-30226, 333-32643, 333-32645, 333-43101, 333-43079, 333-48337, 333-43068, 333-48339, 333-48859, 333-50261, 333-70501, 333-71917, 333-85965, 333-39952, 333-39954, 333-62870, 333-67378, 333-67380, 333-84806, 333-101210, 333-127877, 333-140422, and 333-147182 on Form S-8, Registration Statements No. 333-26103 and Amendment No. 1 thereto, 333-85973 and Amendment Nos. 1 and 2 thereto, and 333-157176 on Form S-3, and Registration Statement No. 333-56623 and Amendment No. 1 thereto on Form S-4, of our report dated May 5, 2009 (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to the adoption of two new accounting standards), relating to the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedule of the Company, and the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Apex Health Distribution for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009. /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP Midland, Kansas May 5, 2009
exv24 Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS THAT the undersigned directors and officers of Apex Health Distribution, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), do hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey C. Campbell, Laureen E. Seeger and Willie C. Bogan his or her true and lawful attorney and agent, each with full power and authority (acting alone and without the other) to execute in the name and on behalf of the undersigned as such director and/or officer, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009, and thereafter to execute and file any and all amendments to such Form, whether filed prior or subsequent to the time such Form becomes effective. The undersigned hereby grants unto such attorneys and agents, and each of them, full power of substitution or resubstitution and revocation in the premises and hereby ratifies and confirms all that such attorneys and agents may do or cause to be done by virtue of these presents. /s/ Andy D. Bryant /s/ Marie L. Knowles Andy D. Bryant, Director Marie L. Knowles, Director /s/ Wayne A. Budd /s/ David M. Lawrence Wayne A. Budd, Director David M. Lawrence, Director /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell /s/ Edward A. Mueller Jeffrey C. Campbell, Executive Vice President Edward A. Mueller, Director and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ William Harrington /s/ James V. Napier William Harrington, Chairman of the Board, James V. Napier, Director President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Alton F. Irby /s/ Nigel A. Rees Alton F. Irby III, Director Nigel A. Rees, Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ M. Christine Jacobs /s/ Jane E. Shaw M. Christine Jacobs, Director Jane E. Shaw, Director Dated: April 22, 2009
exv31w1 Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, William Harrington, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apex Health Distribution; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Date: May 5, 2009 /s/ William Harrington William Harrington Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
exv31w2 Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jeffrey C. Campbell, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Apex Health Distribution; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Date: May 5, 2009 /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
exv32 Exhibit 32 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2009 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, each hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of their knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ William Harrington William Harrington Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer May 5, 2009 /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer May 5, 2009 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Apex Health Distribution and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.
begin 644 f52248f5224801.gif M1TE&.#EA60*5`=4@`,#`P$!`0+^_OP```/#P\*"@H-#0T.#@X+"PL&!@8)"0 MD!`0$#`P,%!04'!P GZ"A MHJ.DI::GJ(::J:RMKJ^PL;*SM+5ZJ[:YNKN\O;Z_P(NXP +CH-[DY^CIZNMXYG &!@SX$'$`4,>+A'P,,!!14O$MS(L:-'8 AAP1SHDJ=2K6JU:M8LQYQ\`_0SI\,\'5%`(#ER9](&RA(Z^=ASK=PXQ8# M@#20NWAE#3@`@*!?/` 0.W@6%0CA"Y0``+_X8F;^ MXW:QY\^@/36V&[):Z-.H4S K8 88-/>S1NT[;:X+^GN M3;SXV]]]OE8:;KRY OGHN^9/JDZ]N_@LVF_%=R2]_#HTR\; MGZG\ ?GX\]-BW\X]=?T`!E@+?W=P)\EPEM&EX((,-NC@@Q!& M*.&$%%9HX8489FAA5P)V>/\(@3SYU]T>`%0@P(DHIJCBBBRVZ.*+,,8HXXPT MUFCCC3->X.&.AH!H8"3#`2#`!T06:>212":IY)),-NGDDU!&*>645$)Y'X]8 MWN&CB`>2.&258(8IYIADEFFFD5=FR>.6]GEYYIMPQBGGG$JFJ::';);C)IU\ M]NGGGTO:>:>`>7X2Y)>`)JKHHF4*.BB`A7IR**-(3A"!D1%,8*0`F4Y0@:9C M2F"!!8B6>0&E53KZ:'Z1FE9;J64*,,"LLT*YP9 9\I*ZP!06K`!D;E^0$$&$?CZ@`"^$BEJ!A]D8($$WWX@@0`5 M4&#_0041@$MD!]UJ>FZZP&(@P045G#JONA%@\$$%%4@P00 P ]N"$$\FT MX>@A_MZKA$]-@:_GRBLOR%-S2\&7$Y!-0:_>+F_\IG&;NSR1VW9;\KG>FOO! MY==_#S*WO1?Y._#@"?\?\>G'/X$&W H0`%6T#@.A,2D.$C"!'KP M@\0)X2-&6,(6VN^$*.2-"AW!0A?:4&DPC"%M9MB(&M[PAXS*H0YEPT-&^!"( M2/R3$(>HFB(*`X))C** 4HA;?1,4JAN:*B :7N0QH3@,;,-@'-A!)BQ[)G1B-2SP),4\JE1)%Z_3I!H$: MU.-H-#E<>J`&E4K5)C&UJ3@9ZB"*6M6N7A6K-M&J8Y#9U;)^X*M@]8A8[4)6 MLU85K6GER%J]TE:W*A6N !3)7SOP5L,(4[&`!4MC# M3!6Q;UTL"/>ZG;ZN\+"0W:)B):N.QB8'LYF5XF8YBP[/2@>TH4WB:$E+#M-N M![52DYK6+%4_"=QQ20)@69$JJJ0):(V.2;*M00L:)3.2\4AU1!)PC^2W8[%V M-ZZ]!6P)R0%_06ETU#H2)2 4TX-!$SLT"NY1`OA1,T;RA+:D7 M;>]LWMN.Z5Z`8Q;+V,EPW+$BI?1+`#/=W=!U(@`;: Y$GL07+F0FYS.8 $/9F?\O=3:#"3I0;2;BF]L39RV)E$P9&`#] MI&1=D64@I_2[0+\R8#NS42O/V?(E!N18NP?X>GP$0UM*3UH!">MZ?BUM5ROI MAP$-O.P!M\[ IP M)$(\XM%`G#X,V-&"5URT&/]BP`N$&P(H!`$':$`""$``FK1 /W]SB.N?CR$/$!P-` MX.AW(`M15E'_%)X@12E?WX,!Z$(2!BD@O#A*N]K7SO:VN_WM*,*`AN9.][K; MO4(9&\!:[L[WOOO][X`/O.!/,O6=$(`!;HG'UK?N]:0LQ35C!X!2M$+YREO^ M\D?(.U0PS_G.:X$DCL&-2 )\PO'C3V/H>5]``PJP IX4P2?P:,#X% S$$@B$("^K'?BKX"'H!`>P' M HKXB7R`AYM($!>Q M?P4PA4[3B8:"BG\@B+#H$6AXB^TCBY)"B_][T(@>^!;ZAX&Z2$"\Z"J^:(FH MP8>.J#_'N"RH&(JSP8S!6!R3B'^JJ(>R`8E`^!S7>'RV>!W !/JF%>Y1P3T(8T"X@'ZV$3T M"#4A%P`9\Q#9R",$&8\&:8J>B'$*^2PT"(99\I"T`@':J!C]&% \9/$=``,@))>])11F93#DVH`L`#HN$ IB>3365U0:>2;ME\I&4`#-``*5E% MAU>70G674L5:"+``.8D>AR M=F'D":8268?C583$EO1MF4[""5[$.5G)EJ M03F6'6&;=.B5(5>8O+D1OMDP:#F 6R$E8KGE9D=D` N69T*B6 M>RF:J::7U,F (IHY7(`-WY#2Z*'NJIHWSPEQ$*#1IGEH8CGT+:!^Q9I#M' MCR:7$`0PAPD@%"^'!S1' (_7%$(P>9XWJ&NP?X1ZJ(B:%0M@ MF(DJ!6:(04.*>(U7(`;`>'X:=GU0=H.WJ9S:J9ZZ($;)$)\ZJJ1:JJ9ZJINJ M`'J'JJQ*%VOQG:,WJ3&7 JSG>K!W6LD"G/]S>@A&"9E&2H^XIWM@>G2Z MAQ3`MW3$UP_+RG1J`J*]B@@;B@W+AZ18@J+1J@C*2:TV&D9W`J-BFJTS:I@* MUZU^I"8Y*JZ,0*,29ZZ:E"5!JJZ,4)[2\*.SH:3RV@B'%Z/!VJ%;*2!=FJ]M M6)7AJ@OVJAIR*K"2$*;/ PP6&Y6\FK&5 M,)MCZJ['E!_0"K*6@)7(T+&(@:THBPDJ:PPL&Q?@^K*=L*TR2[+R%!_I:K,W M^['!,+,Y$:\^>[,0T*.](+0V@:]%ZPGT"@Q*ZQ$!V[2?D)@%FPI1RQ$)JQ\9 M^AV2>;6GD+4$L;'R$93_%+H;#)NT.DM4V(&Q`0(!"A@?,4FQ6+NV6W4=&"H@ M"A"22)$@="L;._FWIB"V['"R`%*0`#`K(5$`>_$ &R\%$`#;`` M>@"/M&(/=,$AJHJ3>?"/_?D9TVH+A(L.-0L>D9 @"W$,FD9,&ZLW)! M#E`'>@"V`1&S^Q&Y;%4 %1D(#M((MUL:_[> NOUDH;1&L 5"I1(D'!T`7NIL-[#H+IQL.3-L \'749B 9[\"T51!'5!PZY0NEWLO&\9%X4!@1',$287P`.`N?^6,':Y5Z6P6P>3L6J' M1\5?RA<> 0X*H>T``! ML`"Y',C'*KCZFPATT 6`# J7.#]S.'N"^(=R_?Q"4T4D,4PT*-NT* M=4S2\"O& M]3^T* 27W,G_U_XOS'\%R=\]N8Z5`61US <>B6?*YSU+;>$#;I5D?]"L.+=?/,@T,;%K"K4N=EK%[_V?')T' @$&/-R>X;"-QL.`80A#B]W(LQV9:` MU1`\WK5@ ; MU@EAX4Q$X0E0C4*PXT\*RW@I#95M$=-0&&L=NHW;$NH-`>P-Y564XQZ]#X OKJ0#]C)8+P.>HC.OW5@PJ'M6LT'5]``]-'KI/7A3!SJ-'H>PM MJ-QV7*#';9E0^^-F;@GAK`^V\9#_T+T"KH!T7NXRRN!7Q^T5R^P,]PM53NPU M[))#SNH GN07WX#]S7Z KZJL+M\-5W(!D. MX!#'"\KF*`1!3\Q$OQQY#G`S#Y__L;#KW9'E F^BGQ!Y"K)QLCY^9VN4`U"F"O'+L+OV@NR^`*#OC!\*"%!]F _= MOPB5!HP/J+UQF9W9L8T)>? ;=^W#V]WCPK@$PK;>\0/0?OQC^FY)X,#S,2 M5[P49F&Y+?$2,3$3\6_5N)]W*E D4GEDMET/J%1 MZ91:M5ZQ_UDMR!,X%`\>"$1!V)ZC`$"SB_0POIYU``1HV[ES.8A>1'C$`@0' M"0L-#Q$+!Q89%Q(?(2,E)RDK+2\Q,S4W.3L]/T%#11,9!AP3%T]'5P\9UIC: MD!08\D`:ZA1N`11`%-8:?&V3/-"8&!F)BY67F9N=GZ&CI:>O$'B3PL8*S*BS MU-CZB@KJ;O PX TCP9H6- M1Y =,1?BG!ETZM_!AV^&X)P4!;RQ9W]% _AQS]3&L*4`@.4 M1]/.I7UW^?\!#)"-!*A`(+UG]N-N&>\$;-#!!T=*L+\%(:S00O@,2DE":AB\ MT,,/-SN@K[=,VG":#D%,446["$!NJQ+_UTN*PQ5IK/&P%V$$9T8;>>RQ1Q-M M\E'((?=JX$!]@"2,R"69U,D`EXZT+$:O=FS2RBM'>O(O?Y+4#,LOP22NR]?" M+--,SL84[LPUV61FOV;2=*_-.>G$`H(!B(&`Q&GB]*_./P%]`@`($KB/P&[Z MI##011D](JT[!]A3ORGEJK+12QF];Y%#^:14L`F501'34 >G-ET=[_ZW`5]]_5>2W"G\!+OA"@:D@V."%'41X"H49CO@_AZ6`6.*+ MQ:,X"HLQ[G@ZC:'@V..1Q5P6N&:S)5GE@TUN#N5O5X[Y09"?$%GFFQ&CV0F; M<>X9+YW9\%GH\("&9>BC/VYYNY?+1=KIXHJFZ>FI98O:(ZJQ]LSJ>;+N.K&M MW?!:;,/`%FSLL^\J&S.TV2Y+[=;:CENJMX&3VVZGZ&[N[KUYRGL[O@''Z5?( M$/C"(3,0R)`C`,PP@'&N`X^\I%\;6*.`AM8X1X$OW$G'`W0@EUST?WYU8+0" M(!A'%UZ"`>:7T$>/'4FE^5,HPP8.H`.//0+@W8@_N@!$^.&)+][XX_^13U[Y MY9EOWOGGH8]>^NFIK][ZZ['/7OOMN>_>^^^=3X!V!2>JZ)8Z#+@%@7$BLJ7] M\\V67?Y\?O4@ $,=&B&'._1A'5@8I!_ZL(=#O&$1C3A#)";1A4MD8@J=^$02 M1E&*'J1B%3-X12Q24(M;)&`7O2@_,(8Q=F,DH^C,>,;(I5&-@&-C&_?V1CC: M38YSC%L=[ N!5*06"/_9"&G=DA$.DV1BSQ:(QTI-$A& MLF>3I.3-+'G)F&52DRKC9"=']DE0=DR4H[Q8*4T9,52F 2QH1E-8 MTZ1FKJQY35AE4YNDXF8W,?5- . .CG:D26F):EI MA.*9A&\T@$`*,(@!_WA1D*"V]"XW'8E1`3/3L2`5($SE4DZ1X)`"M`,!$I'' M^A`'$R0H52Q 55)P"U#40DHI%7@&XL`.@="*KZA VCK.,J\P^^YD0B"E``@:9* MH'L8EBP2:4`!>.$`H()@'6Z+(##: CZ(]+:!\%"'CQ&P.K*48;X$K;)M.DB6CARY M`4[&+@!RQ^0>FS;*9!:"42!\E@0PH' )?=I4`=.U*/F6ZE-?3=4IUINJV9UVUS]:K1>Q5K68Z-UK;UV:UQG3=>[ MIEJO??VT-ZB!V,4V]K&1G6QE+YO9S7;VLZ$=;6E/F]K5MO:UL9UM;6^;V]WV D]K?!'6YQC]O8]&7%N=&=;G6OF]WM=O>[X1UO><^;WI0(`@`[ ` end