Form 8-K MCKESSON CORP false 0000927653 0000927653 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 0000927653 mck:M0.625NotesDue2021Member 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 0000927653 mck:M1.500NotesDue2025Member 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 0000927653 mck:M1.625NotesDue2026Member 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 0000927653 mck:M3.125NotesDue2029Member 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 13, 2020 ( March 9, 2020 ) Apex Health Distribution (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Delaware 1-13252 87-3207296 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 6555 State Hwy 161 Midland, Kansas , TX 75039 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code) (620) 555-8301 Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): ☐ Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common stock, $0.01 par value APHD New York Stock Exchange 0.625% Notes due 2021 MCK21A New York Stock Exchange 1.500% Notes due 2025 MCK25 New York Stock Exchange 1.625% Notes due 2026 MCK26 New York Stock Exchange 3.125% Notes due 2029 MCK29 New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Explanatory Note On March 10, 2020, Apex Health Distribution (the “Company”) announced that it had consummated its previously announced separation of the Company’s interest in Change Healthcare LLC (“Change Healthcare”). The separation was effected through the split-off of PF2 SpinCo, Inc. (“SpinCo”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that held all of the Company’s interest in Change Healthcare, to the Company’s stockholders through an exchange offer (the “Exchange Offer”), followed by the merger of SpinCo with and into Change Healthcare Inc. (“Change”), with Change surviving the merger (the “Merger” and, together with the Exchange Offer, the “Transactions”). The Exchange Offer was consummated at 11:59 p.m. New York City time on March 9, 2020, and the Merger was consummated effective as of 8:00 a.m. New York City time on March 10, 2020. Upon consummation of the Merger, Change Healthcare became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Change. The Transactions were consummated in accordance with the Separation and Distribution Agreement (the “Separation Agreement”), by and between the Company, SpinCo, Change and Change Healthcare (and certain of its affiliates), dated February 10, 2020, and the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”), by and between the Company, SpinCo and Change, dated December 20, 2016. Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On March 9, 2020, upon the consummation of the Exchange Offer, and in accordance with the Separation Agreement, the Company, SpinCo, Change and Change Healthcare entered into the Tax Matters Agreement, which will govern the rights, responsibilities and obligations of the Company, SpinCo and Change after the Transactions with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, tax contests and other tax sharing regarding U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S., taxes, other tax matters and related tax returns. In addition, the Tax Matters Agreement could restrict Change’s ability to enter into certain change of control or other transactions involving Change equity if such transactions could implicate the tax-free status of the consummation of the Exchange Offer. To the extent the consummation of the Exchange Offer does not qualify as a tax-free transaction as a result of Change’s failure to comply with the Tax Matters Agreement, Change will be required to indemnify the Company, and in certain circumstances the Tax Matters Agreement may require that Change enter into a new tax receivable agreement pursuant to which it will be required to pay to the Company 85% of the certain cash tax savings, if any, arising from the utilization of certain tax basis increases resulting from the consummation of the Exchange Offer. The Tax Matters Agreement is filed as Exhibits 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to such filed exhibit. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On March 10, 2020, the Company issued a press release announcing the Company’s planned hosting of a conference call on Tuesday, March 17th at 4:30 PM Eastern Time to discuss the completion of the split-off of SpinCo. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference. During the call, Helen Park, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, will also discuss the Transactions’ anticipated impact to the Company’s Fiscal 2020 adjusted earnings per diluted share. A live audio webcast of the conference call will be available on Apex Health Distribution’s Investor Relations website at http://investor.www.apexhealthdist.com. The conference call can also be accessed by dialing 786-815-8297. The password is ‘Apex Health Distribution’. Item 8.01 Other Events. On March 10, 2020, the Company issued a press release announcing the consummation and preliminary results of the Exchange Offer. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. On March 10, 2020, the Company issued a press release announcing the consummation of the Merger. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference. On March 12, 2020, the Company issued a press release announcing the final results of the Exchange Offer. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.3 and incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Tax Matters Agreement, by and between Apex Health Distribution, PF2 SpinCo, Inc., Change Healthcare Inc. and Change Healthcare LLC, dated as of March 9, 2020. 99.1 Apex Health Distribution press release, dated March 10, 2020. 99.2 Apex Health Distribution press release, dated March 10, 2020. 99.3 Apex Health Distribution press release, dated March 12, 2020. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: March 13, 2020 Apex Health Distribution By: /s/ Britt J. Vitalone Britt J. Vitalone Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
EX-10.1 Exhibit 10.1 Execution Version TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT between Apex Health Distribution, on behalf of itself and the members of the Parent Group, and PF2 SpinCo Inc., on behalf of itself and the members of the SpinCo Group, and Change Healthcare Inc., on behalf of itself and the members of the Acquiror Group. and Change Healthcare LLC, on behalf of itself and the members of the Acquiror Group (solely to the extent set forth herein), and Change Healthcare Holdings, LLC Dated as of March 9, 2020 Table of Contents Page SECTION 1. Definitions 1 SECTION 2. Sole Tax Sharing Agreement 12 SECTION 3. Certain Pre-Closing Matters 13 SECTION 4. Allocation of Taxes 13 SECTION 5. Preparation and Filing of Tax Returns 16 SECTION 6. Apportionment of Earnings and Profits and Tax Attributes 19 SECTION 7. Utilization of Tax Attributes 19 SECTION 8. Tax Benefits 20 SECTION 9. Certain Representations and Covenants 21 SECTION 10. Procedures Relating to Opinions and Rulings 26 SECTION 11. Protective Section 336(e) Elections 26 SECTION 12. Indemnities 27 SECTION 13. Acquiror Shareholders Not Parties 29 SECTION 14. Payments 29 SECTION 15. Communication and Cooperation 30 SECTION 16. Audits and Contest 31 SECTION 17. Notices 32 SECTION 18. Costs and Expenses 33 SECTION 19. Effectiveness; Termination and Survival 33 SECTION 20. Specific Performance 33 SECTION 21. Construction 34 SECTION 22. Entire Agreement; Amendments and Waivers 34 SECTION 23. Governing Law and Interpretation 35 SECTION 24. Dispute Resolution 35 SECTION 25. Counterparts 36 SECTION 26. Successors and Assigns; Third Party Beneficiaries 36 SECTION 27. Authorization, Etc. 36 SECTION 28. Change in Tax Law 36 SECTION 29. Principles 37 i TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT This TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT (the “ Agreement ”) is entered into as of March 9, 2020 between Apex Health Distribution (“ Parent ”), a Delaware corporation, on behalf of itself and the members of the Parent Group, PF2 SpinCo Inc. (“ SpinCo ”), a Delaware corporation, on behalf of itself and the members of the SpinCo Group, Change Healthcare Inc. (“ Acquiror ”), a Delaware corporation, on behalf of itself and the members of the Acquiror Group, Change Healthcare LLC (f/k/a PF2 NewCo LLC) (“ JV ”), a Delaware limited liability company, on behalf of itself and the members of the Acquiror Group (solely for purposes of Section 2, Section 4(c), Section 5(g), Section 12, Section 15(d) and Section 19), and Change Healthcare Holdings, LLC (f/k/a PF2 NewCo Holdings, LLC) (“ OpCo ”), a Delaware limited liability company. WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, Parent, SpinCo and Acquiror have entered into a Separation Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the “ Separation Agreement ”) and Parent, SpinCo and Acquiror have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 20, 2016 (the “ Merger Agreement ”), pursuant to which the Internal Restructuring, the Controlled Transfer, the Distribution and the Merger and other related transactions will be consummated; WHEREAS, the Controlled Transfer, the Distribution and the Merger are intended to qualify for the Intended Tax-Free Treatment; and WHEREAS, Parent, SpinCo and Acquiror desire to set forth their agreement on the rights and obligations of Parent, SpinCo, Acquiror and the members of the Parent Group, the SpinCo Group and the Acquiror Group respectively, with respect to (a) the administration and allocation of federal, state, local and foreign Taxes incurred in Taxable periods beginning prior to the Distribution Date, as defined below, (b) Taxes resulting from the Distribution and transactions effected in connection with the Distribution and (c) various other Tax matters. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows: SECTION 1. Definitions . (a) As used in this Agreement: “ Acquiror ” has the meaning set forth in the preamble. “ Acquiror Capital Stock ” means, to the extent issued by Acquiror, any shares of common stock (including Acquiror Common Stock), preferred stock, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, stock-based performance units, phantom units, capital stock equivalents, mandatorily convertible instruments or similar synthetic instruments or other capital stock or nominal interests in Acquiror, including any stock, other securities or interests that are treated as equity for purposes of Section 355 of the Code, or that are treated as an option under Treasury regulations Section 1.355-7(e). 1 “ Acquiror Common Stock ” means the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Acquiror. “ Acquiror Compensatory Equity Interests ” means any options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, stock units or other rights with respect to Acquiror Capital Stock that are granted on or prior to the Effective Time by any member of the Acquiror Group in connection with employee, independent contractor or director compensation or other employee benefits (including, for the avoidance of doubt, options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance share units or other rights issued in respect of any of the foregoing by reason of the Merger). “ Acquiror Group ” means Acquiror and each of its Subsidiaries, including, after the Closing, the SpinCo Group and the JV Group. “ Acquiror Shareholder Acquisition” means any acquisition of shares of Parent common stock on or after January 1, 2016 (in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) below) or on or after June 22, 2016 (in the case of clauses (iii) and (iv) below) and prior to the Distribution (which shares continue to be held at the time of the Distribution and in respect of which shares SpinCo stock is received in the Distribution) by (i) Blackstone Capital Partners VI L.P., Blackstone Family Investment Partnership VI L.P., or Blackstone Family Investment Partnership VI – ESC L.P., (each, a “ BX Investor ”), (ii) H&F Harrington AIV II, L.P., HFCP VI Domestic AIV, L.P., Hellman & Friedman Investors VI, L.P., Hellman & Friedman Capital Executives VI, L.P. or Hellman & Friedman Capital Associates VI, L.P. each, an “ H&F Investor ”), (iii) any Person Under the Control of Blackstone and any Person Under the Control of H&F or (iv) any Person that is part of a coordinating group (within the meaning of Section 1.355-7(h)(4) of the Treasury regulations) with any Person described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above. “ Acquiror Tax Proceeding ” has the meaning set forth in Section 16(d). “ Affiliate ” means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such other Person as of the date on which, or at any time during the period for which, the determination of affiliation is being made; provided , however , that (notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement) prior to the Closing no member of the JV Group shall be considered to be a member of the Acquiror Group, Parent Group or SpinCo Group or to be an Affiliate of Parent, Acquiror or SpinCo prior to the Closing. For purposes of this definition, the term “control” (including, with correlative meanings, the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”), as used with respect to any Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by Contract or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, (a) prior to the Closing, Affiliates of Parent will include SpinCo and its Affiliates and (b) after the Closing, Affiliates of Acquiror will include SpinCo and its Affiliates and the members of the JV Group. “ Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 2 “ Applicable Law ” (or “ Applicable Tax Law ,” as the case may be) means, with respect to any Person, any federal, state, county, municipal, local, multinational or foreign statute, treaty, law, common law, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction, judicial decision, decree, permit or other legally binding requirement of any Governmental Authority applicable to such Person or any of its respective properties, assets, officers, directors, employees, consultants or agents (in connection with such officer’s, director’s, employee’s, consultant’s or agent’s activities on behalf of such Person). “ Business ” means the Retained Business or the Controlled Business, as the case may be. “ Business Day ” means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day that is a statutory holiday under the federal Laws of the United States. “ Closing ” means the consummation of the Merger. “ Closing of the Books Method ” means the apportionment of items between portions of a Taxable period based on a closing of the books and records at the close of the Distribution Date (and for purposes of such apportionment, the Taxable year of any partnership or other passthrough entity or any controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code or passive foreign investment company within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code shall be deemed to terminate at the close of the Distribution Date); and in the event that the Distribution Date is not the last day of the Taxable period, as if the Distribution Date were the last day of the Taxable period), subject to adjustment for items accrued on the Distribution Date that are properly allocable to the Taxable period following the Distribution, as determined by agreement among Acquiror, SpinCo, and Parent, with any dispute among them to be resolved by the Tax Arbiter in accordance with Section 24; provided that Taxes not susceptible to such apportionment shall be apportioned between the Pre- and Post-Distribution Periods on a pro rata basis in accordance with the number of days in each Taxable period; and provided , further , that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Closing of the Books Method shall not require a closing of the books and records of any member of the JV Group (i) that is, as of immediately prior to the Distribution Date, a “domestic corporation” (within the meaning of Section 7701(a) of the Code) or (ii) all of the JV Group’s equity interests in which are owned, directly or indirectly, by members of the JV Group described in the preceding clause (i). “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “ Combined Group ” means any group that filed or was required to file (or will file or be required to file) a Tax Return on an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary, fiscal unity or other group basis (including as permitted by Section 1501 of the Code) that includes at least one member of the Parent Group and at least one member of the SpinCo Group. “ Combined Tax Return ” means a Tax Return filed or required to be filed in respect of federal, state, local or foreign income Taxes for a Combined Group, or any other affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary, fiscal unity or other group basis (including as permitted by Section 1501 of the Code) Tax Return of a Combined Group. 3 “ Company ” means Parent, SpinCo, Acquiror, or a Group, as appropriate. “ Contribution Agreement ” means the Agreement of Contribution and Sale, dated as of June 28, 2016, by and among JV, Parent, Acquiror, Change Healthcare Performance, Inc. (formerly Change Healthcare, Inc.), Change Aggregator, L.P., H&F Echo Holdings, L.P. and the other parties thereto, as amended from time to time. “ Controlled Business ” means the Parent Group’s business known as the MHS business, which is engaged in the provision of services, and the manufacture, marketing, distribution and sale of software products, designed to manage the cost and quality of care for payers, providers, hospitals and government organizations, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Controlled Business shall not include the Imaging and Workflow Solutions (the “ IWS Business ”). “ Controlled Transfer ” means, collectively, (i) the transfer by Parent to SpinCo of (x) 100% of the issued and outstanding equity interests of PF2 PST Services LLC and (y) 100 shares of SpinCo common stock and (ii) the transfer by Parent to SpinCo of 100% of the issued and outstanding equity interests of PF2 IP LLC, in each case, solely in exchange for Parent’s receipt of shares of SpinCo Common Stock. “ Covered Tax Distribution ” means any distribution to which any member of the SpinCo Group is (or, but for an amendment to the LLC Agreement after the Distribution, would have been) entitled to receive pursuant to Section 8.02(a) of the LLC Agreement after the Distribution to the extent attributable to Tax Items allocated to such member of the SpinCo Group for any Pre-Distribution Period, including as a result of an adjustment to any such Tax Items. “ Disqualifying Action ” means a Parent Disqualifying Action or Echo Disqualifying Action. “ Distribution ” means a transaction in which Parent will dispose of all of the shares of SpinCo Common Stock through (1) one or more exchange offers pursuant to which Parent will redeem shares of Parent Common Stock for shares of SpinCo Common Stock (each, a “ Split-Off Exchange ”), (2) a distribution to Parent shareholders of shares of SpinCo Common Stock to Parent shareholders without consideration on a pro rata basis (a “ Spin-Off ”) (3) one or more exchanges of SpinCo Common Stock for debt of Parent (each, a “ Debt Exchange ”) or (4) any combination of the foregoing; provided that more than 80% of the SpinCo Common Stock shall be disposed of under a combination of the preceding clauses (1) and (2). “ Distribution Date ” means the first date on or after the date of the consummation of the first event described in clause (1) or clause (2) of the definition of “Distribution” on which more than 80% of the SpinCo Common Stock has been disposed of under a combination of clause (1) or clause (2) of the definition of “Distribution.” “ Distribution Effective Time ” means the first time on or after the consummation of the first event described in clause (1) or clause (2) of the definition of “Distribution” at which more than 80% of the SpinCo Common Stock has been disposed of under a combination of clause (1) or clause (2) of the definition of “Distribution.” 4 “ Distribution Taxes ” means any Taxes incurred as a result of the failure of the Intended Tax-Free Treatment of the Internal Restructuring, the Controlled Transfer or the Distribution. “ Echo Cushion Percentage ” means a percentage equal to the sum of (a) 50% of the difference between (i) 49.99% and (ii) the percentage of the total Acquiror Capital Stock outstanding immediately after the Merger that is held immediately after the Merger by Persons who held such stock by reason of (A) having held Acquiror Capital Stock prior to the Merger or (B) having acquired such Acquiror Capital Stock in the manner described in Section 3.3(b) of the Merger Agreement (the percentage described in this clause (a)(ii), the “Cushion Starting Percentage”), and (b) the Cushion Starting Percentage. “ Echo Disqualifying Action ” means (i) any Acquiror Shareholder Acquisition, (ii) from and after the Effective Time, any action (or the failure to take any action) within Acquiror’s control by any member of the Acquiror Group (including (x) entering into any agreement, understanding or arrangement or any negotiations with respect to any transaction or series of transactions or (y) any action resulting in an adjustment to the fixed settlement rate for any TEU Purchase Contract), (iii) from and after the Effective Time, any event (or series of events) involving a transfer of the capital stock of Acquiror, (iv) any breach by any member of the Acquiror Group of any representation, warranty or covenant made by them in this Agreement, (v) from and after the Effective Time, any coordinated acquisition of the stock of Acquiror by (x) any Person Under the Control of Blackstone with any BX Excluded Person or by (y) any Person Under the Control of H&F with any H&F Excluded Person; (vi) from and after the Effective Time, the issuance by Acquiror (other than in a public offering) of its newly issued capital stock to any fund or other managed investment vehicle of Blackstone that is not a Person under the Control of Blackstone or to any fund or other managed investment vehicle of H&F that is not a Person under the Control of H&F (vii) from and after the Effective Time, any acquisition (other than in a public offering) of the capital stock of Acquiror by any fund or other managed investment vehicle of Blackstone that is not a Person under the Control of Blackstone, which acquisition is consummated, facilitated or otherwise executed due to the efforts or pursuant to the instructions of any Person under the Control of Blackstone or (viii) from and after the Effective Time, any acquisition (other than in a public offering) of the capital stock of Acquiror by any fund or other managed investment vehicle of H&F that is not a Person under the Control of H&F, which acquisition is consummated, facilitated or otherwise executed due to the efforts or pursuant to the instructions of any Person under the Control of H&F that, in each case ((i) through (viii)), is not a Parent Disqualifying Action and would affect the Intended Tax-Free Treatment; provided , however , that the term “Echo Disqualifying Action” shall not include any action or event entered into pursuant to any Transaction Document or that is undertaken pursuant to the Internal Restructuring, the Controlled Transfer, the Distribution (including a Debt Exchange) or the Merger. For the avoidance of doubt, a sale of Acquiror stock by any BX Investor or any H&F Investor (or their Permitted Transferees) shall not constitute an Echo Disqualifying Action. 5 “ Echo Tainted Stock ” means Acquiror Equity Interests the issuance, acquisition or disposition of which was consummated in a manner that did not constitute a breach of Section 9(a)(i)(D) solely because of the proviso thereto. “ Effective Time ” means the date and time of the filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware of the certificate of merger consummating the Merger, or such later time as is specified in such certificate of merger and as is agreed to by Parent and Acquiror. “ Equity Interests ” means any stock or other securities treated as equity for Tax purposes, options, warrants, rights, convertible debt or any other instrument or security that affords any Person the right, whether conditional or otherwise, to acquire stock or to be paid an amount determined by reference to the value of stock. “ Escheat Payment ” means any payment required to be made to a Governmental Authority pursuant to an abandoned property, escheat or similar law. “ Exit Transaction Documents ” means, collectively, this Agreement, the Merger Agreement, the Separation Agreement and the Transition Services Agreement. “ Final Determination ” means (i) with respect to federal income Taxes, (A) a “determination” as defined in Section 1313(a) of the Code (including, for the avoidance of doubt, an executed IRS Form 906) or (B) the execution of an IRS Form 870-AD (or any successor form thereto), as a final resolution of Tax liability for any Taxable period, except that a Form 870-AD (or successor form thereto) that reserves the right of the taxpayer to file a claim for refund or the right of the IRS to assert a further deficiency shall not constitute a Final Determination with respect to the item or items so reserved; (ii) with respect to Taxes other than federal income Taxes, any final determination of liability in respect of a Tax that, under Applicable Tax Law, is not subject to further appeal, review or modification through proceedings or otherwise; or (iii) with respect to any Tax, any final disposition by reason of the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations (giving effect to any extension, waiver or mitigation thereof). “ Governmental Authority ” means any federal, state, local, provincial, foreign or international court, tribunal, judicial or arbitral body, government, department, commission, board, bureau, agency, official or other regulatory, administrative or governmental authority or any national securities exchange. “ Group ” means the Parent Group, the Acquiror Group, the SpinCo Group or the JV Group, as the context requires. “ Historic Acquiror Stock ” means stock of Acquiror that Acquiror can demonstrate to have been (i) held by shareholders of Acquiror immediately prior to the Merger and (ii) either (A) acquired by shareholders of Acquiror prior to the initial public offering of Acquiror, or (B) acquired by service providers of Acquiror prior to the Merger pursuant to compensatory arrangements. 6 “ Indemnifying Party ” means the party from which another party is entitled to seek indemnification pursuant to the provisions of Section 12. “ Indemnitee ” means the party which is entitled to seek indemnification from another party pursuant to the provisions of Section 12. “ Intended Tax-Free Treatment ” means the qualification of (i) the Controlled Transfer, together with the Distribution as a reorganization described in Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, pursuant to which neither Parent nor SpinCo recognizes any gain or loss for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, and of each of Parent and SpinCo as a “party to the reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code, (ii) the Distribution, as such, as a distribution of SpinCo Common Stock to Parent’s shareholders and creditors pursuant to Section 355 of the Code (and, as applicable, Section 361 of the Code), pursuant to which neither Parent nor SpinCo nor any of Parent’s shareholders recognizes any gain or loss for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, (iii) the Merger as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code pursuant to which neither Acquiror nor SpinCo nor any of Acquiror’s or SpinCo’s shareholders recognizes any gain or loss for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, and of each of Acquiror and SpinCo as a “party to the reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code and (iv) the transactions described on Schedule A as being free from Tax to the extent set forth therein. “ Internal Restructuring ” has the meaning set forth in Schedule B . “ IRS ” means the United States Internal Revenue Service. “ JV ” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the preamble. “ JV Corporate Group ” means any member of the JV Group that (i) is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, or (ii) (x) is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a member of the JV Group described in clause (i) and (y) is wholly owned (directly or indirectly) by members of the JV Group described in clause (i) and/or Persons that are not members of the JV Group. “ JV Group ” means the JV and each of its Subsidiaries. “ JV Group Tax ” means any Tax of a member of the JV Group. “ Letter Agreement ” means the Amended and Restated Letter Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2018, by and among Parent, the Apex Health Distribution Members, Acquiror, JV and the other parties thereto, as amended from time to time. “ LLC Agreement ” means the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Change Healthcare LLC, dated as of March 1, 2017, as amended from time to time. “ Merger ” has the meaning set forth in the Merger Agreement. 7 “ Merger Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in the recitals. “ APHD Cushion Amount ” means an amount of Acquiror Capital Stock equal to 50% of the difference between (x) 49.99% of the total Acquiror Capital Stock outstanding and (y) the amount of Acquiror Capital Stock held immediately after the Merger by Persons who held such stock by reason of (i) having held Acquiror Capital Stock prior to the Merger or (ii) having acquired such Acquiror Capital Stock in the manner described in Section 3.3(b) of the Merger Agreement, in each case as determined following the Merger. “ Parent ” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the preamble. “ Parent Disqualifying Action ” means (i) any action (or the failure to take any action) within Parent’s control by any member of the Parent Group (or, to the extent the action is taken prior to the Effective Time, any member of the SpinCo Group) (including entering into any agreement, understanding or arrangement or any negotiations with respect to any transaction or series of transactions), (ii) any event (or series of events) involving the transfer of the capital stock of Parent other than an Acquiror Shareholder Acquisition or (iii) any breach by any member of the Parent Group (or, to the extent occurring prior to the Effective Time, by any member of the SpinCo Group) of any representation, warranty or covenant made by them in this Agreement, that, in each case ((i) through (iii)), would affect the Intended Tax-Free Treatment; provided , however , that the term “Parent Disqualifying Action” shall not include any action (or event otherwise described in clause (ii) above) undertaken pursuant to any Transaction Document or pursuant to the Controlled Transfer, the Distribution (other than a Debt Exchange) or the Merger. “ Parent Group ” means Parent and each of its Subsidiaries, but excluding any member of the SpinCo Group. “ Parent Separate Tax Return ” means any Tax Return that is required to be filed by, or with respect to, a member of the Parent Group that is not a Combined Tax Return. “ Person ” has the meaning set forth in Section 7701(a)(1) of the Code. “Person Under the Control of Blackstone” means (i) the private side businesses controlled by The Blackstone Group Inc. (“ Blackstone ”), which businesses are currently comprised of the Private Equity Business, the Tactical Opportunities Business, and the Real Estate Business (collectively, the “ Existing Private Businesses ”), and which businesses shall include such other businesses that Blackstone may hereafter form or acquire and that are, at the time of any determination as to whether any such business is a Person Under the Control of Blackstone, managed within the same ethical wall as the Existing Private Businesses and (ii) the employees, directors and officers of Blackstone or the businesses described in clause (i). For the avoidance of doubt, a Person Under the Control of Blackstone shall not include (each of the following, a “ BX Excluded Person ”): (A) the public side businesses controlled by Blackstone (e.g. BAAM and GSO) and other businesses on the other side of the ethical wall from the private businesses described in clause (i), (B) limited partners of any fund affiliated with Blackstone, (other than individuals who are limited partners that are described in clause (ii) or to the extent 8 such individuals are acting in concert with a co-investment with a person described in clause (i) with respect to a co-investment), (C) portfolio companies of the businesses described in clause (i), except to the extent such portfolio company is controlled by the applicable Blackstone business, and Blackstone actively participates in or approves of the applicable acquisition of Parent common stock, (D) any company or business in which any business described in clause (A) of this sentence invests (other than a portfolio company described in the exception to clause (C)), (E) with regard to any fund of funds controlled by Blackstone, any pooled investment vehicle or discretionary separate account in which such fund of funds invests, (F) any employee, director or officer referenced in clause (ii) prior to or after such person has held such role, or (G) any investment accounts, estate planning or investment vehicles for the benefit of family members of Blackstone professionals or other employees or nonprofit organizations, with respect to which the applicable Blackstone professional or employee does not have investment discretion. “Person Under the Control of H&F” means (i) the business entities controlled or managed by Hellman & Friedman LLC (“ H&F ”), which business entities consist of certain private equity investment funds formed for the purpose of investing capital contributed by investors and that is affiliated with H&F (each, an “H&F Fund”), the general partners of such H&F Funds, and any entities formed or acquired by H&F in connection with any other business that H&F may hereafter form or acquire, and (ii) employees, directors and officers of H&F or the business entities described in clause (i). For the avoidance of doubt, a Person Under the Control of H&F shall not include (each of the following, an “ H&F Excluded Person ”) (A) limited partners of any H&F Fund (other than individuals who are limited partners and are described in clause (ii) or limited partners to the extent they are acting in concert with an H&F Fund with respect to a co-investment), (B) portfolio companies of any H&F Fund except to the extent such portfolio company is controlled by the applicable H&F Fund, and H&F actively participates in or approves of such portfolio company’s acquisition of Parent common stock, (C) any employee, director or officer referenced above prior to or after such person has held such role, and (D) any investment accounts, estate planning or investment vehicles for the benefit of family members of H&F professionals or other employees or nonprofit organizations, with respect to which the applicable H&F professional or employee does not have investment discretion. “ Post-Distribution Period ” means any Taxable period (or portion thereof) beginning after the Distribution Date. “ Pre-Distribution Period ” means any Taxable period (or portion thereof) ending on or before the Distribution Date. “ Principal Shareholder Letter ” means the letters, dated as of the date hereof, addressed to Parent by Blackstone and H&F, respectively, and delivered in connection with the execution of this Agreement. “ Retained Business ” means any business now, previously or hereafter conducted by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates other than the Controlled Business and any other constituent business of the Core MTS Business (as defined in the Contribution Agreement). 9 “ Separation Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in the recitals. “ SpinCo ” has the meaning set forth in the preamble. “ SpinCo Common Stock ” means common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of SpinCo. “ SpinCo Group ” means SpinCo and each of its Subsidiaries. “ SpinCo SAG ” means a group made up of one or more chains of includible corporations (including SpinCo) connected through stock ownership if SpinCo owns directly stock meeting the Stock Ownership Requirement in at least one other includible corporation and stock meeting the Stock Ownership Requirement in each of the includible corporations (except SpinCo) is owned directly by one or more of the other includible corporations. “ SpinCo Separate Tax Return ” means any Tax Return that is filed or required to be filed by, or with respect to, any member of the SpinCo Group that is not a Combined Tax Return. “ Stock Ownership Requirement ” means, with respect to a corporation, stock owned representing at least 80% of the total voting power and at least 80% of the total value of the stock of such corporation. “ Subsidiary ” means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person a majority of whose equity interests (whether by voting power or by economic interest) are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such specified Person; provided that before the Effective Time, no member of the JV Group shall be a Subsidiary of Parent, SpinCo or Acquiror. “ Tax ” (and the correlative meaning, “ Taxes ,” “ Taxing ” and “ Taxable ”) means (i) any tax, including any net income, gross income, gross receipts, recapture, alternative or add-on minimum, sales, use, business and occupation, value-added, trade, goods and services, ad valorem, franchise, profits, license, business royalty, withholding, payroll, employment, capital, excise, transfer, recording, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, asset, real estate acquisition, environmental, custom duty, impost, obligation, assessment, levy, tariff or other tax, governmental fee or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any Escheat Payment), together with any interest and any penalty, addition to tax or additional amount imposed by a Taxing Authority; or (ii) any liability of any member of the Parent Group, the SpinCo Group or the Acquiror Group for the payment of any amounts described in clause (i) as a result of any express or implied obligation to indemnify any other Person (other than under the Transaction Documents). “ Tax Advisor ” means Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP and Ropes & Gray LLP, or another nationally recognized tax advisor reasonably acceptable to Acquiror, Parent, and SpinCo. “ Tax Attribute ” means a net operating loss, net capital loss, unused investment credit, unused foreign tax credit, excess charitable contribution, unused general business credit, alternative minimum tax credit or any other Tax Item that could reduce a Tax liability. 10 “ Tax Benefit ” means any refund, credit, offset or other reduction in otherwise required Tax payments. “ Tax Item ” means any item of income, gain, loss, deduction, credit, recapture of credit or any other item that can increase or decrease Taxes paid or payable. “ Tax Proceeding ” means any Tax audit, dispute, examination, contest, litigation, arbitration, action, suits, claim, cause of action, review, inquiry, assessment, hearing, complaint, demand, investigation or proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or contractual). “ Tax Receivable Agreements ” means the APHD Tax Receivable Agreement and the New Echo Tax Receivable Agreement. “ Tax-Related Losses ” means, with respect to any Taxes imposed pursuant to any settlement, determination, or judgment, (i) all accounting, legal and other professional fees, and court costs incurred in connection with such settlement, determination, or judgment, as well as any other out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with such settlement, determination, or judgment and (ii) all Damages, costs and expenses associated with stockholder litigation or controversies and any amount paid by any member of the Parent Group, any member of the SpinCo Group or any member of the Acquiror Group in respect of the liability of shareholders, whether paid to shareholders or to the IRS or any other Taxing Authority, in each case, resulting from the failure of the Intended Tax-Free Treatment of the Internal Restructuring, the Controlled Transfer or the Distribution. “ Tax Representation Letters (Distribution) ” means the representations provided by Acquiror, SpinCo and Parent as contemplated by Section 4.4(b)(ii) of the Merger Agreement, in the form delivered in connection with the filing of the Applicable SEC Filings and acknowledged by Parent and Acquiror by written notice in connection therewith to be final. “ Tax Representation Letters (Merger) ” means the representations provided by Acquiror and SpinCo as contemplated by Section 4.4(b)(i) of the Merger Agreement, in the form delivered in connection with the filing of the Applicable SEC Filings and acknowledged by Parent and Acquiror by written notice in connection therewith to be final. “ Tax Representation Letters ” means, collectively, the Tax Representation Letters (Distribution) and the Tax Representation Letters (Merger). “ Tax Return ” means any Tax return, statement, report, form, election, certificate, claim or surrender (including estimated Tax returns and reports, extension requests and forms, and information returns and reports), or statement or other document or written information filed or required to be filed with any Taxing Authority, including any amendment thereof (solely for purposes of Section 4 ), appendix, schedule or attachment thereto. “ Taxing Authority ” means any Governmental Authority (domestic or foreign), including, without limitation, any state, municipality, political subdivision or governmental agency responsible for the imposition, assessment, administration, collection, enforcement or determination of any Tax. 11 “ TEU Purchase Contract ” means a prepaid stock purchase contract constituting a component of a tangible equity unit issued by Acquiror on or about July 1, 2019. “ Transaction Documents ” has the meaning set forth in the LLC Agreement. “ Transfer Taxes ” means all U.S. federal, state, local or foreign sales, use, privilege, transfer, documentary, stamp, duties, real estate transfer, controlling interest transfer, recording and similar Taxes and fees (including any penalties, interest or additions thereto) imposed upon any member of the Parent Group, any member of the SpinCo Group, any member of the Acquiror Group or any member of the JV Group in connection with the Internal Restructuring, the Controlled Transfer, the Distribution or the Merger. (b) Each of the following terms is defined in the Section set forth opposite such term: Term Section Due Date Section 14(a) Final Allocation Section 6(b) Internal Tax-Free Transactions Schedule A Parent Tax Proceeding Section 16(b) Past Practices Section 5(f)(i) Proposed Allocation Section 6(b) Section 336(e) Election Section 11(a) Tax Arbiter Section 24 Tax Benefit Recipient Section 8(b) (c) All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings as in the Contribution Agreement. Any term used in this Agreement which is not defined in this Agreement or the Contribution Agreement shall, to the extent the context requires, have the meaning assigned to it in the Code or the applicable Treasury regulations thereunder (as interpreted in administrative pronouncements and judicial decisions) or in comparable provisions of Applicable Tax Law. SECTION 2. Sole Tax Sharing Agreement. Except for this Agreement, the Tax Receivable Agreements, the Letter Agreement, Section 11.04(e) of the LLC Agreement and Section 5.15 of the Contribution Agreement, any and all existing Tax sharing agreements or arrangements, written or unwritten, between any member of the Parent Group, on the one hand, and any member of the SpinCo Group, the Acquiror Group or the JV Group, on the other hand, if not previously terminated, shall be terminated as of the Distribution Date without any further action by the parties thereto. Following the Distribution, no member of the SpinCo Group, the Acquiror Group, the JV Group or the Parent Group shall have any further rights or liabilities thereunder, and, except for the Tax Receivable Agreements, the Letter Agreement, Section 11.04(e) of the LLC Agreement and Section 5.15 of the Contribution Agreement, this Agreement shall be the sole Tax sharing agreement between the members of the SpinCo Group, the Acquiror Group or the JV Group, on the one hand, and the members of the Parent Group, on the other hand. 12 SECTION 3. Certain Pre-Closing Matters. From the date hereof until the Distribution Effective Time, Acquiror shall cooperate in good faith with any request by Parent to obtain a private letter ruling, closing agreement or similar determination to the effect that, in whole or in part, the Controlled Transfer, the Distribution and/or the Merger will receive the Intended Tax-Free Treatment. SECTION 4. Allocation of Taxes . (a) General Allocation Principles . Except as provided in Section 4(c ), all Taxes shall be allocated as follows: (i) Allocation of Taxes for Combined Tax Returns . Parent shall be allocated all Taxes reported, or required to be reported, on any Combined Tax Return that any member of the Parent Group files or is required to file under the Code or other Applicable Tax Law; provided , however , that (A) to the extent any such Combined Tax Return includes any Tax Item attributable to any member of the SpinCo Group or the Controlled Business in respect of any Post-Distribution Period, SpinCo shall be allocated all Taxes attributable to such Tax Items and (B) to the extent any such Combined Tax Return includes any Tax Item in respect of any Pre-Distribution Period, SpinCo shall be allocated such Taxes to the extent a member of the SpinCo Group is (or, but for an amendment to, or waiver under, the LLC Agreement occurring after the Distribution, would be) entitled to a Covered Tax Distribution (for the avoidance of doubt, other than a Covered Tax Distribution that has already been made) in respect of the Tax Items giving rise to such Taxes. (ii) Allocation of Taxes for Separate Tax Returns. (A) Except for Taxes allocated to SpinCo pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii)(B), Parent shall be allocated all Taxes reported, or required to be reported, on a Parent Separate Tax Return or a SpinCo Separate Tax Return. (B) SpinCo shall be allocated all Taxes reported, or required to be reported, on (x) a Parent Separate Tax Return with respect to a Pre-Distribution Period to the extent a member of the SpinCo Group is (or would be) entitled to a Covered Tax Distribution (for the avoidance of doubt, other than a Covered Tax Distribution that has already been made) in respect of the Tax Item(s) giving rise to such Taxes, (y) a SpinCo Separate Tax Return (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a SpinCo Separate Tax Return filed or required to be filed in respect of federal, state, local or foreign income Taxes on an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary, fiscal unity or other group basis (including as permitted by Section 1501 of the Code) with any member of the Acquiror Group) with respect to a Post-Distribution Period or (z) a SpinCo Separate Tax Return with respect to a Pre-Distribution Period, but in the case of this clause (z), only to the extent a 13 member of the SpinCo Group is (or, but for an amendment to, or waiver under, the LLC Agreement occurring after the Distribution, would be) entitled to a Covered Tax Distribution (for the avoidance of doubt, other than a Covered Tax Distribution that has already been made) in respect of the Tax Item(s) giving rise to such Taxes. (b) Allocation Conventions . (i) All Taxes allocated pursuant to Section 4(a ) shall be allocated in accordance with the Closing of the Books Method; provided , however , that if Applicable Tax Law does not permit a SpinCo Group member to close its Taxable year on the Distribution Date, the Tax attributable to the operations of the members of the SpinCo Group for any Pre-Distribution Period shall be the Tax computed using a hypothetical closing of the books consistent with the Closing of the Books Method. (ii) Any Tax Item of SpinCo, Acquiror or any member of their respective Groups arising from a transaction engaged in outside the ordinary course of business on the Distribution Date after the Distribution Effective Time shall be properly allocable to SpinCo and any such transaction by or with respect to SpinCo, Acquiror or any member of their respective Groups occurring after the Distribution Effective Time shall be treated for all Tax purposes (to the extent permitted by Applicable Tax Law) as occurring at the beginning of the day following the Distribution Date in accordance with the principles of Treasury regulations Section 1.1502-76(b) (assuming no election is made under Section 1.1502-76(b)(2)(ii) of the Treasury regulations (relating to a ratable allocation of a year’s Tax Items)); provided that the foregoing shall not include any action that is undertaken pursuant to the Internal Restructuring, the Controlled Transfer, the Distribution, the Merger or the Transaction Documents. (c) Special Allocation Rules. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Section 4, the following Taxes shall be allocated as follows: (i) Transfer Taxes . Transfer Taxes (other than those attributable to the Internal Restructuring) shall be allocated to SpinCo. Any Transfer Taxes attributable to the Internal Restructuring shall be allocated to Parent. (ii) JV Group Taxes . JV Group Taxes shall be allocated to (A) SpinCo, if paid by a member of the Parent Group pursuant to Section 5(g ) and (B) the JV, otherwise. (iii) Distribution Taxes and Tax-Related Losses . (A) Any liability for Distribution Taxes (and any associated Tax-Related Losses) which would not have been incurred but for one or more Echo Disqualifying Actions (as determined by treating any acquisition of capital stock of Parent, SpinCo or Acquiror that constitutes a Parent Disqualifying Action as if such acquisition did not occur) shall be allocated to SpinCo, subject to Section 4(c)(iii)(B) and Section 4(c)(iii)(C) . 14 (B) Any liability for Distribution Taxes (and any associated Tax-Related Losses) solely by reason of the application of Section 355(e) which would not have been incurred if, instead of the occurrence of one or more Debt Exchanges that exceeds the APHD Cushion Amount, 100% of the SpinCo Common Stock had been distributed in a Split-Off Exchange or Spin-Off on the Distribution Date to Persons whose acquisitions of such SpinCo Common Stock were disregarded by reason of Section 355(e)(3)(A) of the Code, shall be allocated to Parent. (C) Any liability for Distribution Taxes (and any associated Tax-Related Losses) not described in Section 4(c)(iii)( B) which (x) would not have been incurred but for the occurrence of both one or more Echo Disqualifying Actions and one or more Parent Disqualifying Actions, or which (y) both (I) would not have been incurred but for the occurrence of one or more Echo Disqualifying Actions (as determined by treating any Parent Disqualifying Actions as if such Parent Disqualifying Actions did not occur) and (II) would not have been incurred but for the incurrence of one or more Parent Disqualifying Actions (as determined by treating any Echo Disqualifying Actions as if such Echo Disqualifying Actions did not occur), shall be allocated to Parent. (D) Any liability for Distribution Taxes (and any associated Tax-Related Losses) not described in Section 4(c)(iii)(A ), Section 4(c)(iii)(B) or Section 4(c)(iii)(C) shall be allocated to Parent. (iv) Internal Restructuring Taxes . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Section 4 , all Taxes with respect to the Internal Restructuring shall be allocated to Parent, except that any Taxes with respect to the Internal Restructuring to the extent attributable to the failure by the SpinCo Group to preserve the Intended Tax-Free Treatment of the transaction described in clause (iv) of the definition of Intended Tax-Free Treatment, as a result of (a) the failure of the SpinCo Group after the Effective Time to continue the historic business of the SpinCo Group or use a significant portion of the SpinCo Group’s business assets in a business, except as a result of any action that any member of the SpinCo Group was, beginning at any time prior to the Effective Time, contractually bound to take (including pursuant to any Transaction Document or Exit Transaction Document), (b) the breach of the representations and covenants of the Acquiror Group contained in this Agreement or (c) the breach of the covenants contained in this Agreement after the Effective Time by any member of the SpinCo Group, in each case, shall be allocated to SpinCo. 15 SECTION 5. Preparation and Filing of Tax Returns . (a) Parent Group Combined Tax Returns . (i) Parent shall prepare and file, or cause to be prepared and filed, Combined Tax Returns for which a member of the Parent Group is required or, subject to Section 5(f)(iv ), permitted, to file a Combined Tax Return. Each member of any such Combined Group shall execute and file such consents, elections and other documents as may be required or requested by Parent in connection with the filing of such Combined Tax Returns. Items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of the JV for the taxable year which includes the Distribution Date shall be allocated to the Pre-Distribution Period and the Post-Distribution Period in accordance with Treasury regulations Section 1.1502-76(b)(2)(vi) (and any similar state or local provision of Applicable Tax Law). Parent and Acquiror shall cooperate in determining the allocation described in the preceding sentence. (ii) The parties and their respective Affiliates shall elect to close the Taxable year of each SpinCo Group member on the Distribution Date, to the extent permitted by Applicable Tax Law. For the avoidance of doubt, no member of the JV Group shall be treated as a member of the Spinco Group for this purpose. (b) SpinCo Separate Tax Returns . (i) Tax Returns to Be Prepared by Parent . Parent shall prepare (or cause to be prepared) and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, file (or cause to be filed) all SpinCo Separate Tax Returns that relate in whole or in part to any Pre-Distribution Period for which Parent is liable for any Taxes not allocated to SpinCo under this Agreement (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, IRS Form 1065 (U.S. Return of Partnership Income) of JV and corresponding state or local Tax Returns (each, a “ JV Income Tax Return ”)); provided, however , that with respect to any such Tax Return that is prepared by Parent but required to be filed by a member of the Acquiror Group under Applicable Law, Parent shall provide such Tax Returns to Acquiror at least thirty (30) days prior to the due date for filing such Tax Returns (taking into account any applicable extension periods) with the amount of any Taxes shown as due thereon, and Acquiror shall execute and file (or cause to be executed and filed) the Tax Returns. (ii) Tax Returns to be Prepared by Acquiror . Acquiror shall prepare and file (or cause to be prepared and filed) all SpinCo Separate Tax Returns that are not described in Section 5(b)(i ) (including JV Income Tax Returns). (c) Provision of Information; Timing. SpinCo and Acquiror shall maintain all necessary information for Parent (or any of its Affiliates) to file any Tax Return that Parent is required or permitted to file under this Section 5 , and shall provide to Parent, upon reasonable request, all such necessary information to which it has access in accordance with the Parent Group’s past practice. Parent shall maintain all necessary information for Acquiror (or any of its Affiliates) to file any Tax Return that Acquiror is required or permitted to file under this Section 5 , and shall provide Acquiror with all such necessary information in accordance with the SpinCo Group’s past practice. (d) Review of SpinCo Separate Tax Returns . The party that is required to prepare a SpinCo Separate Tax Return (other than a SpinCo Separate Tax Return that relates solely to a Post-Distribution Period and/or to JV Group Taxes) that is required to be filed after the Distribution Date shall submit a draft of such Tax Return to the non-preparing party at least sixty 16 (60) days prior to the earlier of (i) the due date for the filing of such Tax Return (taking into account any applicable extensions), or (ii) if applicable, the date on which such Tax Return must be provided by Parent to Acquiror under Section 5(b)(i). The non-preparing party shall have the right to review such Tax Return, and to submit to the preparing party any reasonable changes to such Tax Return no later than thirty (30) days prior to the earlier of (i) the due date for the filing of such Tax Return or (ii) if applicable, the date on which such Tax Return must be provided by Parent to Acquiror under Section 5(b)(i) (and the preparing party agrees to consider in good faith any such changes submitted). The parties agree to consult and to attempt to resolve in good faith any issues arising as a result of the review of any such Tax Return. If the parties are unable to resolve any such issues, the matter shall be submitted to the Tax Arbiter pursuant to Section 24. (e) Review and Approval of JV Income Tax Returns . Acquiror shall submit a draft of any JV Income Tax Return that it is required to prepare and file pursuant to Section 5(b)(ii) to Parent at least thirty (30) days prior to the due date for the filing of such JV Income Tax Return (taking into account any applicable extensions). Parent shall have the right to review, comment on and approve any such JV Income Tax Return, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed, and Acquiror agrees to consider in good faith any such changes submitted by Parent. The parties agree to consult and to attempt to resolve in good faith any issues arising as a result of the review of any such JV Income Tax Return. If the parties are unable to resolve any such issues, the matter shall be submitted to the Tax Arbiter pursuant Section 24. (f) Special Rules Relating to the Preparation of Tax Returns . (i) General Rule . Except as otherwise required by law, Parent shall prepare (or cause to be prepared) any Tax Return for which it is responsible under this Section 5 in accordance with past practices, permissible accounting methods, elections or conventions (“ Past Practices ”) used by the members of the Parent Group and the members of the SpinCo Group prior to the Distribution Date with respect to such Tax Return, and to the extent any items, methods or positions are not covered by Past Practices, in accordance with reasonable Tax accounting practices selected by Parent. With respect to any Tax Return that Acquiror has the obligation and right to prepare, or cause to be prepared, under this Section 5 (other than a SpinCo Separate Tax Return that relates solely to a Post-Distribution Period and/or to JV Group Taxes), except as otherwise required by law or with the consent of Parent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed), such Tax Return shall be prepared in accordance with Past Practices used by the members of the Parent Group and the members of the SpinCo Group (or, in the case of a JV Income Tax Return, JV) prior to the Distribution Date with respect to such Tax Return, and, with respect to any such Tax Return other than a JV Income Tax Return, to the extent any items, methods or positions are not covered by Past Practices, in accordance with reasonable Tax accounting practices selected by Acquiror. 17 (ii) Consistency with Intended Tax-Free Treatment . (A) The parties shall report the Internal Restructuring in the manner determined by Parent; provided that (x) Parent communicates its treatment of the Internal Restructuring to Acquiror no fewer than thirty (30) days prior to the due date (taking into account any applicable extensions) for filing an applicable Tax Return that reflects the Internal Restructuring (y) such treatment is supported by substantial authority (within the meaning of Section 6662 of the Code), as determined by Acquiror in its reasonable discretion, in each case, unless, and then only to the extent, an alternative position is required pursuant to a Final Determination, and (z) a member of the Acquiror Group may book reserves or make disclosures relating to the Internal Restructuring if required to do so under applicable accounting principles or Tax law. (B) The parties shall report the Controlled Transfer, the Distribution and the Merger for all Tax purposes in a manner consistent with the Intended Tax-Free Treatment unless, and then only to the extent, an alternative position is required pursuant to a Final Determination. (iii) SpinCo Separate Tax Returns . With respect to any SpinCo Separate Tax Return for which Acquiror is responsible pursuant to this Agreement, Acquiror and the other members of the Acquiror Group shall include such Tax Items in such SpinCo Separate Tax Return in a manner that is consistent with the inclusion of such Tax Items in any related Tax Return for which Parent is responsible to the extent such Tax Items are allocated in accordance with this Agreement. (iv) Election to File Combined Tax Returns . Parent shall have sole discretion to file any Combined Tax Return if the filing of such Tax Return is elective under Applicable Tax Law. (v) Preparation of Transfer Tax Returns . The Company required under Applicable Tax Law to file any Tax Returns in respect of Transfer Taxes shall prepare and file (or cause to be prepared and filed) such Tax Returns. If required by Applicable Tax Law, Parent, SpinCo and Acquiror shall, and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to, cooperate in preparing and filing, and join the execution of, any such Tax Returns. (g) Payment of Taxes. Parent shall pay (or cause to be paid) to the proper Taxing Authority (or to Acquiror with respect to any SpinCo Separate Tax Return prepared by Parent but required to be filed by a member of the Acquiror Group under Applicable Tax Law) the Tax shown as due on any Tax Return for which a member of the Parent Group is responsible under this Section 5 , and the members of the JV Group shall be jointly and severally liable to pay to Acquiror, and Acquiror shall pay (or cause to be paid) to the proper Taxing Authority the Tax shown as due on any Tax Return for which a member of the Acquiror Group is responsible under this Section 5 . If any member of the Parent Group is required to make a payment to a Taxing Authority for JV Group Taxes, Acquiror shall pay the amount of such Taxes to Parent in accordance with Section 12 and Section 13 . If any member of the Acquiror Group is required to make a payment to a Taxing Authority for Taxes allocated to Parent under Section 4 , Parent shall pay the amount of such Taxes to Acquiror in accordance with Section 12 and Section 13 . 18 SECTION 6. Apportionment of Earnings and Profits and Tax Attributes . (a) Tax Attributes arising in a Pre-Distribution Period will be allocated to (and the benefits and burdens of such Tax Attributes will inure to) the members of the Parent Group and the members of the SpinCo Group in accordance with the Code, Treasury regulations and any other Applicable Tax Law, and, in the absence of controlling legal authority or unless otherwise provided under this Agreement, Tax Attributes shall be allocated to the legal entity that created such Tax Attributes. (b) On or before the earlier of (i) eighteen (18) months after the Distribution Date or (ii) sixty (60) days prior to the extended due date for the first U.S. federal income Tax Return of the Acquiror Group following the Distribution Date, Parent shall deliver to Acquiror its determination in writing of the portion, if any, of any earnings and profits, Tax Attributes, overall foreign loss or other affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary, fiscal unity or other group basis Tax Attribute which is allocated or apportioned to the members of the SpinCo Group under Applicable Tax Law and this Agreement (“ Proposed Allocation ”). Acquiror shall have forty-five (45) days to review the Proposed Allocation and provide Parent any comments with respect thereto, and Parent agrees to consider such comments in good faith. If Acquiror either provides no comments or provides comments to which Parent agrees in writing, such resulting determination will become final (“ Final Allocation ”). If Acquiror provides comments to the Proposed Allocation and Parent does not agree with such comments, the Final Allocation will be determined in accordance with Section 24 . All members of the Parent Group and Acquiror Group shall prepare all Tax Returns in accordance with the Final Allocation. In the event of an adjustment to the earnings and profits, any Tax Attributes, overall foreign loss or other affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary, fiscal unity or other group basis Tax Attribute, Parent shall promptly notify Acquiror in writing of such adjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, Parent shall not be liable to any member of the Acquiror Group for any failure of any determination under this Section 6(b ) to be accurate under Applicable Tax Law; provided that such determination was made in good faith. (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, to the extent that the amount of any Tax Attribute is later reduced or increased by a Taxing Authority or as a result of a Tax Proceeding, such reduction or increase shall be allocated to the Company to which such Tax Attribute was allocated pursuant to this Section 6 , as agreed by the parties. SECTION 7. Utilization of Tax Attributes . (a) Amended Returns. Any amended Tax Return or claim for a refund with respect to any member of the SpinCo Group may be made only by the party responsible for preparing the original Tax Return with respect to such member of the SpinCo Group pursuant to Section 5 . Such party shall not file or cause to be filed any such amended Tax Return or claim for a refund without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, if such filing, assuming it is accepted, could reasonably be expected to change the Tax liability of such other party (or any Affiliate of such other party) for any Taxable period (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of any Tax Attributes allocable under Section 6 to such other party (or any Affiliate of such other party)). 19 (b) Carryback of Tax Attributes. (i) To the extent permitted by Applicable Tax Law, Acquiror shall cause the SpinCo Group to elect to forego carrybacks of any Tax Attributes of the SpinCo Group to a Pre-Distribution Period. (ii) If Acquiror is unable to forego carrybacks of any Tax Attributes of the SpinCo Group to a Pre-Distribution Period, the Parent Group shall, at the request of Acquiror and at Acquiror’s sole expense, file any amended Tax Returns reflecting such carryback (unless such filing, assuming it is accepted, could reasonably be expected to increase by more than a de minimis amount, the Tax liability of Parent or any of its Affiliates for any Taxable period). If the Parent Group (or any member thereof) receives (or realizes) a refund as a result of such a carryback, Parent shall promptly remit the amount of such refund to Acquiror in accordance with Section 8(b ). (c) Carryforwards to Separate Tax Returns. If a portion or all of any Tax Attribute is allocated to a member of a Combined Group pursuant to Section 6 , and is carried forward to a SpinCo Separate Tax Return, any Tax Benefits arising from such carryforward shall be retained by the Acquiror Group. If a portion or all of any Tax Attribute is allocated to a member of a Combined Group pursuant to Section 6, and is carried forward to a Parent Separate Tax Return, any Tax Benefits arising from such carryforward shall be retained by the Parent Group. SECTION 8. Tax Benefits . (a) Parent Tax Benefits . Parent shall be entitled to any Tax Benefits (including, in the case of any refund received, any interest thereon actually received) received by any member of the Parent Group or any member of the SpinCo Group, other than any Tax Benefits (or any amounts in respect of Tax Benefits) to which SpinCo or Acquiror is entitled pursuant to Section 8(b). Neither SpinCo nor Acquiror shall be entitled to any Tax Benefits received by any member of the Parent Group or the SpinCo Group, except as set forth in Section 8(b). (b) SpinCo and Acquiror Tax Benefits. SpinCo or Acquiror, as the case may be, shall be entitled to any Tax Benefits (including, in the case of any refund received, any interest thereon actually received) received (i) by any member of the Parent Group or any member of the SpinCo Group after the Distribution Date with respect to any Tax allocated to the JV or a member of the SpinCo Group under this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any amounts allocated to the JV pursuant to Section 4(c)(iii)), or (ii) by a member of the SpinCo Group in respect of a Post-Distribution Period. (c) A Company receiving (or realizing) a Tax Benefit (a “ Tax Benefit Recipient ”) to which another Company is entitled hereunder shall pay over the amount of such Tax Benefit (including interest received from the relevant Taxing Authority, but net of any Taxes imposed with respect to such Tax Benefit and any other reasonable costs) within thirty (30) days of receipt thereof (or from the due date for payment of any Tax reduced thereby); provided, however , that the other Company, upon the request of such Tax Benefit Recipient, shall repay the amount paid to the other Company (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Taxing Authority) in the event that, as a result of a subsequent Final Determination, a Tax Benefit that gave rise to such payment is subsequently disallowed. 20 SECTION 9. Certain Representations and Covenan ts . (a) Representations . (i) Acquiror and each other member of the Acquiror Group represents that as of the date hereof, and covenants that as of immediately after the Closing, except as expressly described in the Exit Transaction Documents, Acquiror has no plan or intention: (A) to liquidate or merge or consolidate with any other Person any member of the SpinCo Group or the JV Group subsequent to the Closing, in each case, except (x) as provided for under the Merger Agreement or (y) liquidations, mergers, or consolidations of members of the JV Corporate Group with other members of the JV Corporate Group; (B) to sell or otherwise dispose of any material asset of (i) the Controlled Business held by any member of the SpinCo Group to a Person other than a member of the SpinCo SAG or (ii) the Controlled Business held by any member of the JV Group to a Person other than another member of the JV Group that is a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the JV, in each case, subsequent to the Closing and except for (v) sales or dispositions by members of the JV Corporate Group to other members of the Acquiror Group, (w) sales or dispositions in the ordinary course of business, (x) any cash paid to acquire assets in arm’s length transactions, (y) transactions that are disregarded for U.S. federal Tax purposes and (z) mandatory or optional repayment or prepayment of indebtedness; (C) to take or fail to take any action in a manner that is inconsistent with the written information and representations furnished by SpinCo or Acquiror to the Tax Advisors in connection with the Tax Representation Letters; ; (D) to repurchase stock of Acquiror (except for Historic Acquiror Stock) other than in a manner that satisfies the requirements of Section 4.05(1)(b) of IRS Revenue Procedure 96-30 (as in effect prior to the amendment of such Revenue Procedure by IRS Revenue Procedure 2003-48) and consistent with any representations made to the Tax Advisors in connection with the Tax Representation Letters ; or 21 (E) to enter into any negotiations, agreements or arrangements with respect to transactions or events (including stock issuances, pursuant to the exercise of options or otherwise, option grants, the adoption of, or authorization of shares under, a stock option plan, capital contributions, or acquisitions, but not including any action expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents) that could reasonably be expected (assuming no Parent Disqualifying Action occurs) to cause the Distribution to be treated as part of a plan (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) pursuant to which one or more Persons acquire directly or indirectly SpinCo stock representing a 50% or greater interest within the meaning of Section 355(d)(4) of the Code; provided that no negotiations, agreements or arrangements with respect to transactions or events by Acquiror or any Member of Acquiror Group shall result in a breach of this Section 9(a)(i)(E) if (a) the percentage equal to the quotient of ( I ) the sum of (A) the amount of Acquiror Capital Stock that is, or could be, directly or indirectly acquired as a result of all such negotiations, agreements or arrangements, and (B) the product of (x) the Cushion Starting Percentage and (y) the total Acquiror Capital Stock outstanding immediately after the Merger, divided by ( II ) the sum of (A) the amount of Acquiror Capital Stock that would be issued in such transactions or events, and (B) the total Acquiror Capital Stock outstanding immediately after the Merger, would not, in the aggregate, exceed (b) the Echo Cushion Percentage. (ii) Each member of the Acquiror Group represents that: (A) as of the date hereof, the only outstanding Acquiror Capital Stock is (x) shares of Acquiror Common Stock, in number equal to 127,429,058, (y) equity or equity-linked compensation awards under the HCIT Holdings Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan and the Change Healthcare Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, pursuant to which 21,670,595 shares of Acquiror Common Stock may vest or be issued and (z) purchase contracts that are components of the 6.0% Tangible Equity Units, in number equal to 5,137,345 and pursuant to which a maximum number of 19,758,743 shares of Acquiror Common Stock (subject to any required settlement rate adjustment occurring after the date hereof) may be issued; and (B) from the date hereof to the Effective Time, no other Acquiror Capital Stock will be issued. (iii) Each member of the Parent Group represents that: (A) as of the date hereof, and as of the Effective Time, neither Parent nor SpinCo has had “substantial negotiations” (within the meaning of Treasury regulations Section 1.355-7(h)(1)(iv)) during the two-year period ending on the Effective Time with any Person (other than Acquiror or its Affiliates and their respective financial, legal and tax advisors, consultants, accountants, and other representatives and agents, in each case in their capacity as advisors, representatives, or agents of Acquiror or its Affiliates) regarding any acquisition of SpinCo stock or of a significant portion of the assets of the JV Group. 22 (B) The Distribution is not and never has been motivated to any extent by a desire on the part of any member of the Parent Group to facilitate a sale or other disposition of SpinCo, other than the Merger. (C) The Distribution is not and never has been motivated to any extent by a desire on the part of any member of the Parent Group to facilitate acquisitions of any stock of SpinCo, other than (i) the Merger, (ii) issuing stock of SpinCo to management and employees as incentive compensation, (iii) the use of stock of SpinCo in Debt Exchanges, or (iv) enhancing the ability of SpinCo to use SpinCo stock as an acquisition currency. (D) At the time members of the Parent Group entered into the Contribution Agreement, Parent was not aware of any Person having a plan or intention to effect a transaction (other than the Distribution or the Merger) that would involve a change of control of SpinCo. (b) Covenants . In each case from and after the Effective Time: (i) Each of Parent, SpinCo and Acquiror agrees that it shall not, and it will not permit any member of its respective Group to, take or fail to take, as applicable, any action that constitutes a Disqualifying Action described in the definitions of Parent Disqualifying Action (in the case of Parent and the Parent Group) and Echo Disqualifying Action (in the case of Acquiror for itself and as a successor to SpinCo and for the Acquiror Group), as applicable. (ii) Each of SpinCo and Acquiror will not, and will not permit any other member of their respective Groups to, take or fail to take any action that is inconsistent with the information and representations furnished by SpinCo or Acquiror to the Tax Advisors in connection with the Tax Representation Letters. (iii) No Person Under the Control of Blackstone will join with any BX Excluded Person in making one or more coordinated acquisitions or dispositions of the stock of Acquiror, except for coordinated dispositions of Acquiror stock (i) consisting solely of Historic Acquiror Stock and (ii) resulting from public offerings by Acquiror or other issuances by Acquirer otherwise permitted by this Agreement. (iv) No Person Under the Control of H&F will join with any H&F Excluded Person in making one or more coordinated acquisitions or dispositions of the stock of Acquiror, except for coordinated dispositions of Acquiror stock (i) consisting solely of Historic Acquiror Stock and (ii) resulting from public offerings by Acquiror or other issuances by Acquiror otherwise permitted by this Agreement. 23 (v) Each of SpinCo, Acquiror and each other member of their respective Groups covenants to Parent that, without the prior written consent of Parent, during the two-year period following the Effective Time, except as described in the Exit Transaction Documents: (A) SpinCo will (w) maintain its status as a company engaged in the Controlled Business for purposes of Section 355(b)(2) of the Code, (x) not engage in any transaction that would result in it ceasing to be a company engaged in the Controlled Business for purposes of Section 355(b)(2) of the Code, (y) cause each other member of the SpinCo Group whose activities are relied upon for purposes of qualifying the Distribution for the Intended Tax-Free Treatment to take such actions as may be required to maintain SpinCo’s status as a company engaged in the Controlled Business for purposes of Section 355(b)(2) of the Code and any such other Applicable Tax Law and (z) not engage in any transaction or permit any other member of the SpinCo Group to engage in any transaction that would result in SpinCo ceasing to be a company engaged in the Controlled Business for purposes of Section 355(b)(2) of the Code or such other Applicable Tax Law, taking into account Section 355(b)(3) of the Code for purposes of each of clauses (w) through (z) hereof; (B) neither SpinCo nor Acquiror will repurchase stock of Acquiror (except for Historic Acquiror Stock) in a manner contrary to the requirements of Section 4.05(1)(b) of IRS Revenue Procedure 96-30 (as in effect prior to the amendment of such Revenue Procedure by IRS Revenue Procedure 2003-48) or inconsistent with any representations made by SpinCo to the Tax Advisors in connection with the Tax Representation Letters; (C) neither Acquiror nor SpinCo will, or will agree to, merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any other Person (except as provided for under the Merger Agreement), unless, in the case of a merger or consolidation, Acquiror or SpinCo is the survivor of the merger, consolidation or amalgamation; (D) no member of the Acquiror Group will, or will agree to, sell or otherwise issue to any Person except as provided for under the Merger Agreement, any Equity Interests of Acquiror or of any member of the Acquiror Group; provided , however , that (i) Acquiror shall be permitted to adopt, and issue stock pursuant to, a stockholder rights plan, (ii) Acquiror may issue an unlimited amount of Equity Interests that satisfy Safe Harbor VIII (relating to acquisitions in connection with a person’s performance of services) or Safe Harbor IX (relating to acquisitions by a retirement plan of an employer) of Treasury regulations Section 1.355-7(d), and (iii) Acquiror may issue Equity Interests not described in clauses (i) or (ii) above to the extent such issuances would not cause (a) the percentage equal to the quotient of ( I ) the sum of (A) the amount of such issuances taken together in the aggregate with all Echo Tainted Stock, and (B) the product of (x) the Cushion Starting Percentage and (y) the total Acquiror Capital Stock outstanding immediately after the Merger, divided by ( II ) the sum of (A) the amount of such issuances taken together in the aggregate with all Echo Tainted Stock, and (B) the total Acquiror Capital Stock outstanding immediately after the Merger, to exceed (b) the Echo Cushion Percentage; 24 (E) no member of the Acquiror Group will agree to enter into (i) any transaction or series of transactions, as a result of which one or more persons would directly or indirectly acquire, within the meaning of Section 355(e), a number of shares of Acquiror and/or SpinCo capital stock that would, when combined with (ii) any other direct or indirect acquisitions of SpinCo capital stock pertinent for purposes of Section 355(e) of the Code (including the Merger) that have already occurred or will occur simultaneously with the transaction described in clause (i), reasonably be expected to result in Distribution Taxes; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, SpinCo and/or Acquiror shall be permitted to (x) adopt, and issue stock pursuant to, a stockholder rights plan or (y) issue securities that satisfy Safe Harbor VIII (relating to acquisitions in connection with a person’s performance of services) or Safe Harbor IX (relating to acquisitions by a retirement plan of an employer) of Treasury regulations Section 1.355-7(d); provided further that any clarification of, or change in, the statute or regulations promulgated under Section 355(e) of the Code shall be incorporated in the restrictions in this clause (E) and the interpretation thereof; as of the date of issuance or promulgation of such clarification or change (or, if later, the effective date thereof); (F) no member of the Acquiror Group will amend its certificate of incorporation (or other organizational documents), or take any other action, whether through a stockholder vote or otherwise, affecting the voting rights of the Equity Interests of SpinCo or Acquiror (including, without limitation, through the conversion of one class of Equity Interests of SpinCo or Acquiror into another class of Equity Interests of SpinCo or Acquiror); and (G) no member of the Acquiror Group will take, or permit to be taken, any action, whether by merger, liquidation, the making of an entity classification election or otherwise, that would result in JV ceasing to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. (c) Acquiror Covenants Exceptions . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9(b), SpinCo, Acquiror and the other members of their respective Groups may: (i) pay cash to acquire assets in arm’s length transactions, engage in transactions that are disregarded for U.S. federal Tax purposes, and make mandatory or optional repayments or prepayments of indebtedness; (ii) dispose of assets of members of the JV Corporate Group; (iii) dispose of assets (other than those described in Section 9(c)(i) or Section 9(c)(ii) ) that could otherwise be subject to Section 9(b)(i) , (b)(ii) or ( b) (v) if the aggregate fair value of all such assets does not exceed $125 million; or 25 (iv) in the case of any other action that would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the covenants contained in (b) , if either: (A) SpinCo or Acquiror notifies Parent of its proposal to take such action and Acquiror and Parent obtain a ruling from the IRS to the effect that such action will not affect the Intended Tax-Free Treatment (a “ Favorable Tax Ruling ”), provided that Acquiror agrees in writing to bear any expenses associated with obtaining such a ruling and, provided further that the Acquiror Group shall not be relieved of any liability under Section 12(a) of this Agreement by reason of seeking or having obtained such a ruling; or (B) SpinCo or Acquiror notifies Parent of its proposal to take such action and obtains an unqualified opinion of counsel or from a “Big Four” accounting firm (x) from a Tax advisor recognized as an expert in federal income Tax matters and reasonably acceptable to Parent, (y) on which Parent may rely and (z) to the effect that such action will not affect the Intended Tax-Free Treatment (assuming that the Internal Restructuring, the Controlled Transfer, the Distribution and the Merger would otherwise qualify for the Intended Tax-Free Treatment) (a “ Favorable Tax Opinion ”), provided further that the Acquiror Group shall not be relieved of any liability under Section 12(a) of this Agreement by reason of having obtained a Favorable Tax Opinion. SECTION 10. Procedures Relating to Opinions and Rulings. If a member of the Acquiror Group notifies Parent that it desires to take an action that would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the covenants contained in Section 9(b) , then the Parent Group shall cooperate in good faith with the Acquiror Group to obtain the Favorable Tax Ruling and/or a Favorable Tax Opinion. The Acquiror Group shall reimburse Parent for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Parent Group in connection with such cooperation within fifteen (15) Business Days of receipt of an invoice from Parent therefor. SECTION 11. Protective Section 336(e) Elections. (a) Section 336(e) Election. Pursuant to Treasury regulations Sections 1.336-2(h)(1)(i) and 1.336-2(j), Parent, Acquiror and SpinCo agree that (if and to the extent determined by Parent) Parent shall make a timely protective election under Section 336(e) of the Code and the Treasury regulations issued thereunder for any member of the SpinCo Group that is a domestic corporation for U.S. federal income Tax purposes with respect to the Distribution (a “ Section 336(e) Election ”). It is intended that a Section 336(e) Election will have no effect unless the Distribution is a “qualified stock disposition,” as defined in Treasury regulations Section 1.336(e)-1(b)(6), by reason of the application of Treasury regulations Section 1.336-1(b)(5)(i)(B) or Treasury regulations Section 1.336-1(b)(5)(ii). (b) Parent TRA . If and to the extent that there is a Disqualifying Action and the resulting Taxes (including any Taxes attributable to the Section 336(e) Election) are allocated to Parent pursuant to Section 4, (i) Parent shall be entitled to periodic payments from SpinCo equal to the product of (x) 85% of the tax savings arising from the step-up in tax basis resulting from the Section 336(e) Election and (y) the percentage of such Taxes that are allocated to Parent pursuant to Section 4, and (ii) the Parties shall negotiate in good faith the terms of a tax receivable agreement to govern the calculation of such payments, with it being agreed that the terms of such agreement shall be substantially similar to the terms of the APHD Tax Receivable Agreement; provided that any such tax saving in clause (i) shall be determined using a “with and without” methodology (treating any deductions or amortization attributable to the step-up in tax basis resulting from the Section 336(e) Election as the last items claimed for any taxable year, including after the utilization of any carryforwards). 26 SECTION 12. Indemnities . (a) Acquiror Indemnity to Parent . The Acquiror as successor to SpinCo shall be obligated to indemnify (and the JV and each other member of the JV Group shall jointly and severally be obligated to pay to Acquiror all amounts necessary to allow Acquiror to indemnify) Parent and the other members of the Parent Group against, and hold them harmless, without duplication, from (i) any payments by Parent of any Tax liability and any associated Tax-Related Losses allocated to SpinCo pursuant to Section 4; provided that , the amount of such indemnity shall be limited to the amount of any payment of Tax or Tax Related Losses required to be made by Parent or any member of the Parent Group and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be calculated without regard to any harm to Parent or any member of the Parent Group relating to any equity or other interests in Parent or any other member of the Parent Group directly or indirectly in the JV Group or in the Acquiror Group and (ii) notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement, the Separation Agreement, the Merger Agreement, or otherwise, any Damages arising from or relating to, directly or indirectly, whether by operation of the provisions of this Agreement, the Separation Agreement, the Merger Agreement or otherwise, any failure of the Effective Time to occur immediately following the Distribution Effective Time primarily as a result of any failure by Acquiror to perform its obligation to close the Merger in accordance with the Merger Areement. (b) Parent Indemnity to Acquiror . Except in the case of any liabilities described in Section 12(a ), Parent and each other member of the Parent Group will jointly and severally indemnify Acquiror and the other members of the Acquiror Group against, and hold them harmless, without duplication, from: (i) any Tax liability and any associated Tax-Related Losses allocated to Parent pursuant to Section 4 ; (ii) any Taxes imposed on any member of the SpinCo Group or Acquiror Group under Treasury regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or similar or analogous provision of state, local or foreign law) as a result of any such member being or having been a member of a Combined Group; and (iii) notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement, the Separation Agreement, the Merger Agreement, or otherwise, any Damages arising from or relating to, directly or indirectly, whether by operation of the provisions of this Agreement, the Separation Agreement, the Merger Agreement or otherwise, any failure of the Effective Time to occur immediately following the Distribution Effective Time primarily as a result of any failure by APHD or SpinCo to perform its obligation to close the Merger in accordance with the Merger Agreement. 27 (c) Discharge of Indemnity . Acquiror, the JV, Parent and the members of their respective Groups shall discharge their obligations under Section 12(a ) or Section 12(b) hereof, respectively, by paying the relevant amount in accordance with Section 13 , within 30 Business Days of demand therefor. Any such demand shall include a statement showing the amount due under Section 12(a ) or Section 12(b), as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any member of the Acquiror Group or any member of the Parent Group disputes in good faith the fact or the amount of its obligation under Section 12(a ) or Section 12(b), then no payment of the amount in dispute shall be required until any such good faith dispute is resolved in accordance with Section 24 hereof; provided , however , that any amount not paid within thirty (30) Business Days of demand therefor shall bear interest as provided in Section 14. (d) Tax Benefits . If an indemnification obligation of any Indemnifying Party under this Section 12 arises in respect of an adjustment that makes allowable to an Indemnitee any Tax Benefit (other than a Tax Benefit resulting from a Section 336(e) Election, which shall be governed exclusively by Section 11 ) which would not, but for such adjustment, be allowable, then any such indemnification obligation shall be an amount equal to (i) the amount otherwise due but for this Section 12(d ) minus (ii) the reduction (attributable to such Tax Benefit) in actual cash Taxes payable by the Indemnitee in the taxable year such indemnification obligation arises and the two taxable years following such year, determined on a “with and without” basis. (e) Sole Remedy . Parent (on behalf of itself and each member of the Parent Group) covenants and agrees that the remedies provided for in Section 12(a) shall constitute the sole and exclusive remedy for all Damages, including any Tax liabilities and any associated Tax-Related Losses, that Parent or any member of the Parent Group may suffer or incur arising from, or directly or indirectly relating to any breach or violation of any of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, the various Tax Representation Letters, under Section 11.04(e) of the LLC Agreement, or Section 5.15 of the Contribution Agreement by the Acquiror, the JV, SpinCo, and any member of the Acquiror Group, JV Group or SpinCo Group, or otherwise relating to the failure of the Controlled Transfer, the Distribution, or the Merger to occur or receive the Intended Tax-Free Treatment, and the Parent (on behalf of itself and each member of the Parent Group) hereby irrevocably waives any other rights or remedies (whether at law or in equity and whether based on contract, tort, statute or otherwise) that it may otherwise have had, now have or may in the future have against the Acquiror, the JV, SpinCo, and any member of the Acquiror Group, JV Group or SpinCo Group or any of their respective direct or indirect Affiliates, officers, managers, directors, employees, advisors, stockholders, members, consultants, investment bankers, brokers, controlling persons, partners or other representatives or agents thereof arising from, or directly or indirectly relating to any breach or violation of any of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, the various Tax Representation Letters, under Section 11.04(e) of the LLC Agreement, or Section 5.15 of the Contribution Agreement by the Acquiror, the JV, SpinCo, and any member of the Acquiror Group, JV Group or SpinCo Group and covenants not to sue or otherwise assert any claim (or assist any Person in suing or otherwise asserting any claims) encompassed by the foregoing covenant, agreement and waiver; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any party’s right to seek specific performance pursuant to Section 20 hereof. 28 SECTION 13. Acquiror Shareholders Not Parties . For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, (i) no Person who is a direct or indirect shareholder, member, or interest holder in Acquiror is a party to, or is bound by, or makes any representations, warranties, or covenants, or indemnities pursuant to, this Agreement (unless such Person is Parent, SpinCo, Acquiror, or any of their respective Subsidiaries), and (ii) notwithstanding that certain Persons described in the foregoing sentence make the representations, warranties, and covenants in the Principal Shareholder Letter, such Persons shall not be liable thereunder, under any Transaction Document, or otherwise by reason of having breached such representations, warranties, or covenants. SECTION 14. Payments . (a) Timing . All payments to be made under this Agreement (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any payments to a Taxing Authority described herein) shall be made in immediately available funds. Except as otherwise provided, all such payments will be due thirty (30) Business Days after the receipt of notice of such payment or, where no notice is required, thirty (30) Business Days after the fixing of liability or the resolution of a dispute (the “ Due Date ”). Payments shall be deemed made when received. Any payment that is not made on or before the Due Date shall bear interest at the rate equal to the “prime” rate as published on such Due Date in the Wall Street Journal, Eastern Edition, for the period from and including the date immediately following the Due Date through and including the date of payment. With respect to any payment required to be made under this Agreement, Parent has the right to designate, by written notice to Acquiror, which member of the Parent Group will make or receive such payment; and Acquiror has the right to designate, by written notice to Parent, which member of the Acquiror Group will make or receive such payment. (b) Treatment of Payments . To the extent permitted by Applicable Tax Law, any payment made by Parent or any member of the Parent Group to Acquiror or any member of the Acquiror Group, or by Acquiror or any member of the Acquiror Group to Parent or any member of the Parent Group, pursuant to this Agreement, the Separation Agreement, the Merger Agreement or any other Exit Transaction Document that relates to Taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending on or before the Distribution Date shall be treated by the parties hereto for all Tax purposes as a distribution by SpinCo to Parent, or capital contribution from Parent to SpinCo, as the case may be; provided, however, that any payment made pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement shall instead be treated as a payment for services. In the event that a Taxing Authority asserts that a party’s treatment of a payment described in this Section 14(b ) should be other than as required herein, such party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to contest such assertion in a manner consistent with Section 16 of this Agreement. (c) No Duplicative Payment. It is intended that the provisions of this Agreement shall not result in a duplicative payment of any amount required to be paid under the Separation Agreement, the Merger Agreement or any other Exit Transaction Document, and this Agreement shall be construed accordingly. 29 SECTION 15. Communication and Cooperation . (a) Consult and Cooperate. SpinCo, Parent and Acquiror shall consult and cooperate (and shall cause each other member of their respective Groups to consult and cooperate) fully at such time and to the extent reasonably requested by the other party in connection with all matters subject to this Agreement. Such cooperation shall include, without limitation: (i) the retention, and provision on reasonable request, of any and all information including all books, records, documentation or other information pertaining to Tax matters relating to the SpinCo Group (or, in the case of any Tax Return of the Parent Group, the portion of such return that relates to Taxes for which the SpinCo Group or the Acquiror Group may be liable pursuant to this Agreement), any necessary explanations of information, and access to personnel, until one year after the expiration of the applicable statute of limitation (giving effect to any extension, waiver or mitigation thereof); (ii) the execution, to the extent commercially reasonable, of any document that may be necessary (including to give effect to Section 16) or helpful in connection with any required Tax Return or in connection with any audit, proceeding, suit or action; and (iii) the use of the parties’ commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any documentation from a Governmental Authority or a third party that may be necessary or helpful in connection with the foregoing. (b) Provide Information. Except as set forth in Section 16 , Parent, SpinCo and Acquiror shall keep each other reasonably informed with respect to any material development relating to the matters subject to this Agreement. (c) Tax Attribute Matters. Parent, SpinCo and Acquiror shall promptly advise each other with respect to any proposed Tax adjustments that are the subject of an audit or investigation, or are the subject of any proceeding or litigation, and that may affect any Tax liability or any Tax Attribute (including, but not limited to, basis in an asset or the amount of earnings and profits) of any member of the Acquiror Group or any member of the Parent Group, respectively. (d) Confidentiality . The parties hereby agree that the provisions of Section 11.02 (Confidentiality) of the LLC Agreement (as in effect prior to any amendment to, or waiver under, the LLC Agreement occurring after the Distribution) shall apply , mutatis mutandis, to all information and material furnished by any party or its representatives hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement or any other agreement, (i) no member of the Parent Group or the Acquiror Group, respectively, shall be required to provide any member of the Acquiror Group or the Parent Group, respectively, or any other Person access to or copies of any information or procedures other than information or procedures that relate solely to the SpinCo Group or the JV Group, the business or assets of any member of the SpinCo Group or the JV Group, or matters for which Parent or Acquiror, respectively, has an obligation to indemnify under this Agreement, and (ii) in no event shall any member of the Parent Group or the Acquiror Group, respectively, be required to provide any member of the 30 Acquiror Group or the Parent Group, respectively, or any other Person access to or copies of any information if such action could reasonably be expected to result in the waiver of any privilege. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Parent or Acquiror, respectively, determines that the provision of any information to any member of the Acquiror Group or the Parent Group, respectively, could be commercially detrimental or violate any law or agreement to which Parent or Acquiror, respectively, is bound, or result in the waiver of any privilege, Parent and Acquiror, respectively, shall use reasonable best efforts to permit compliance with their obligations under this Section 15 while avoiding such harm or consequence (and shall promptly provide notice to Parent or Acquiror, to the extent such access to or copies of any information is provided to a Person other than a member of the Parent Group or the Acquiror Group (as applicable)). SECTION 16. Audits and Contest . (a) Notice . Each of Parent, SpinCo and Acquiror shall promptly notify the other parties in writing upon the receipt from a relevant Taxing Authority of any notice of a Tax Proceeding that may give rise to an indemnification obligation under this Agreement; provided that a party’s right to indemnification under this Agreement shall not be limited in any way by a failure to so notify, except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced by such failure. (b) Parent Control . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, but subject to Section 16(c ), Parent shall have the right to control any Tax Proceeding with respect to any Tax matters of (i) a Combined Group or any member of a Combined Group (as such), (ii) any member of the Parent Group and (iii) any member of the SpinCo Group relating solely to a Pre-Distribution Period (a “ Parent Tax Proceeding ”). Parent shall have absolute discretion with respect to any decisions to be made, or the nature of any action to be taken, with respect to any Parent Tax Proceeding; provided , however , that to the extent that any Parent Tax Proceeding is reasonably likely to give rise to an indemnity obligation of SpinCo or Acquiror under Section 12 hereof, materially increase the Taxes payable by or allocated to any member of the Acquiror Group pursuant to Section 4 or materially affect the Tax Attributes allocated to any member of the SpinCo Group pursuant to Section 6 , (i) Parent shall keep Acquiror informed of all material developments and events relating to any such Parent Tax Proceeding, (ii) at its own cost and expense, Acquiror shall have the right to participate in (but not to control) the defense of any such Parent Tax Proceeding, and (iii) Parent shall not settle or compromise any such contest without Acquiror’s written consent, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. If the Parent Group acknowledges in writing that it is liable for the Taxes at issue in any Parent Tax Proceeding subject to the proviso in the previous sentence, the rights of Acquiror in such proviso shall not apply to such Parent Tax Proceeding to the extent such Parent Tax Proceeding relates to the Taxes that are the subject of such acknowledgment. (c) Distribution Taxes . If any Parent Tax Proceeding relating to Distribution Taxes is reasonably likely to give rise to an indemnity obligation of the Acquiror as successor to SpinCo or the JV Group under Section 12 hereof, Acquiror and Parent shall exercise joint control over the disposition of such Parent Tax Proceeding (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall keep each other informed of all material developments with respect to such Parent Tax Proceeding to the extent the other party is not otherwise informed thereof). Parent shall otherwise have the right to elect to control any Parent Tax Proceeding relating to Distribution Taxes; provided that Parent shall keep Acquiror informed of all material developments. 31 (d) Acquiror Control . Acquiror shall have the right to control any Tax Proceeding with respect to SpinCo or any member of the SpinCo Group relating to one or more members of the SpinCo Group and to any Post-Distribution Period (an “ Acquiror Tax Proceeding ”). Acquiror shall have absolute discretion with respect to any decisions to be made, or the nature of any action to be taken, with respect to any Acquiror Tax Proceeding; provided , however , that to the extent any such matter is reasonably likely to give rise to a claim for indemnity by SpinCo or Acquiror against Parent under Section 12(b) of this Agreement, (i) Acquiror shall keep Parent informed of all material developments and events relating to such Acquiror Tax Proceeding, (ii) at its own cost and expense, Parent shall have the right to participate in (but not to control) the defense of any such Acquiror Tax Proceeding and (iii) Acquiror shall not settle or compromise any such tax claim without the prior written consent of Parent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). If the Acquiror Group acknowledges in writing that it is liable for the Taxes at issue in any Acquiror Tax Proceeding subject to the proviso in the previous sentence, the rights of Parent in such proviso shall not apply to such Acquiror Tax Proceeding to the extent such Acquiror Tax Proceeding relates to the Taxes that are the subject of such acknowledgment. SECTION 17. Notices . All notices, requests, permissions, waivers and other communications hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given (a) when sent, if sent by telecopy, (b) when delivered, if delivered personally to the intended recipient and (c) one Business Day following sending by overnight delivery via an international courier service and, in each case, addressed to a Company at the following address for such Company, if to Parent or the Parent Group (or, prior to the Effective Time, to SpinCo or the SpinCo Group), to: Apex Health Distribution 6555 State Hwy 161 One Apex Plaza, Midland, Kansas 67460 Attention: An Nguyen Telecopy: with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 450 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10017 Attention: Patrick Sigmon Telecopy: 32 if to Acquiror or the Acquiror Group (or, after the Effective Time, to SpinCo or the SpinCo Group), to: Change Healthcare Inc. 3055 Lebanon Pike Suite 1000 Nashville, Tennessee 37214 Attention: General Counsel Telecopy: with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Ropes & Gray LLP Three Embarcadero Center Midland, Kansas 94111-4006 Attention: Benjamin J. Rogers Telecopy: or to such other address(es) as may be furnished in writing by any such Company to the other Companies in accordance with the provisions of this Section 17 . SECTION 18. Costs and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, each party shall bear its own costs and expenses incurred pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, costs and expenses shall include, but not be limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees, accountants’ fees and other related professional fees and disbursements. For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise specifically provided in the Exit Transaction Documents, all liabilities, costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement by or on behalf of SpinCo or any member of the SpinCo Group with respect to actions taken at or prior to the Effective Time shall be the responsibility of Parent and shall be assumed in full by Parent. SECTION 19. Effectiveness; Termination and Survival. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, as between Parent, SpinCo Acquiror, and the JV Group, this Agreement shall become effective upon the consummation of the Merger. All rights and obligations arising hereunder shall survive until they are fully effectuated or performed; provided that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall remain in effect and its provisions shall survive for one year after the full period of all applicable statutes of limitation (giving effect to any extension, waiver or mitigation thereof) and, with respect to any claim hereunder initiated prior to the end of such period, until such claim has been satisfied or otherwise resolved. This agreement shall terminate without any further action at any time before the Closing upon termination of the Merger Agreement. SECTION 20. Specific Performance. Each party hereto agrees that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement was not performed in accordance with its specific terms or was otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties hereto will be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce 33 specifically the performance of the terms and provisions of this Agreement without proof of actual Damages, this being in addition to any other remedy to which any such party is entitled at Law or in equity. Each party hereto further agrees that no other party or any other Person will be required to obtain, furnish or post any bond or similar instrument in connection with or as a condition to obtaining any remedy referred to in this Section 20, and each party hereto irrevocably waives any right it may have to require the obtaining, furnishing or posting of any such bond or similar instrument. SECTION 21 . Construction. The descriptive headings herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a substantive part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Reference to any agreement, document, or instrument means such agreement, document, or instrument as amended or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, and if applicable hereof. References to any document, instrument or agreement (including this Agreement) includes and incorporates all exhibits, disclosure letters, schedules and other attachments thereto. Unless the context otherwise requires, any references to a “Section” or “Schedule” will be to a Section or Schedule to or of this Agreement. The use of the words “include” or “including” in this Agreement will be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation.” The use of the word “covenant” will mean “covenant and agreement.” The use of the words “or,” “either” or “any” will not be exclusive. Days means calendar days unless specified as Business Days. References to statutes will include all regulations promulgated thereunder, and references to statutes or regulations will be construed to include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing the statute or regulation, in each case, as of the date hereof. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement or any other Exit Transaction Document, any provision herein which contemplates the agreement, approval or consent of, or exercise of any right of, a party, such party may give or withhold such agreement, approval or consent, or exercise such right, in its sole and absolute discretion, the parties hereby expressly disclaiming any implied duty of good faith and fair dealing or similar concept. SECTION 22. Entire Agreement; Amendments and Waivers . (a) Entire Agreement . (i) This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including any related annexes, schedules and exhibits, as well as any other agreements and documents referred to herein and therein, together constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior negotiations, agreements and understandings of the parties of any nature, whether oral or written, with respect to such subject matter. If there is a conflict between any provision of this Agreement and a provision of any other Transaction Document, the provision of this Agreement will control unless specifically provided otherwise in this Agreement. 34 (ii) THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, PROMISE, INDUCEMENT, UNDERSTANDING, COVENANT OR AGREEMENT HAS BEEN MADE OR RELIED UPON BY ANY PARTY OTHER THAN THOSE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH. (b) Amendments and Waivers . (i) This Agreement may be amended, and any provision of this Agreement may be waived, if and only if such amendment or waiver, as the case may be, is in writing and signed, in the case of an amendment, by the parties or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. (ii) No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. Except as otherwise provided herein, no action taken pursuant to this Agreement, including any investigation by or on behalf of any party, shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by the party taking such action of compliance with any representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement. Any term, covenant or condition of this Agreement may be waived at any time by the party that is entitled to the benefit thereof, but only by a written notice signed by such party expressly waiving such term, covenant or condition. The waiver by any party of a breach of any provision hereunder shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any prior or subsequent breach of the same or any other provision hereunder. SECTION 23. Governing Law and Interpretation. The validity, interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement will be governed by the Laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of Laws provisions thereof that would cause the Laws of another state to apply. SECTION 24 . Dispute Resolution. In the event of any dispute relating to this Agreement, including but not limited to whether a Tax liability is a liability of the Parent Group, the SpinCo Group or the Acquiror Group, the parties shall work together in good faith to resolve such dispute within thirty (30) days. In the event that such dispute is not resolved, upon written notice by a party after such thirty (30)-day period, the matter shall be referred to a U.S. Tax counsel or other Tax advisor of recognized national standing (the “ Tax Arbiter ”) that will be jointly chosen by the Parent and Acquiror; provided, however , that, if the Parent and the Acquiror do not agree on the selection of the Tax Arbiter after five (5) days of good faith negotiation, the Tax Arbiter shall consist of a panel of three U.S. Tax counsel or other Tax advisor of recognized national standing with one member chosen by the Parent, one member chosen by the Acquiror, and a third member chosen by mutual agreement of the other members within the following ten (10)-day period. Each decision of a panel Tax Arbiter shall be made by majority vote of the members. The Tax Arbiter may, in its discretion, obtain the services of any third party necessary to assist it in resolving the dispute. The Tax Arbiter shall furnish written 35 notice to the parties to the dispute of its resolution of the dispute as soon as practicable, but in any event no later than ninety (90) days after acceptance of the matter for resolution. Any such resolution by the Tax Arbiter shall be binding on the parties, and the parties shall take, or cause to be taken, any action necessary to implement such resolution. All fees and expenses of the Tax Arbiter shall be shared equally by the parties to the dispute. SECTION 25. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (any one of which need not contain the signatures of more than one party), each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement, and any amendments hereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a facsimile machine or other electronic transmission, will be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement and will be considered to have the same binding legal effects as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any party hereto, the other parties hereto will re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to the requesting party. SECTION 26 . Successors and Assigns; Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as provided below, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure only to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, by merger, acquisition of assets or otherwise (including but not limited to any successor of a party hereto succeeding to the Tax Attributes of such party under Applicable Tax Law). This Agreement is not intended to benefit any Person other than the parties hereto and such successors and assigns, and no such other Person shall be a third party beneficiary hereof. Upon the Closing, this Agreement shall be binding on Acquiror and Acquiror shall be subject to the obligations and restrictions imposed on SpinCo hereunder, including, without limitation, the indemnification obligations of SpinCo under Section 12. SECTION 27 . Authorization, Etc. Each of the parties hereto hereby represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, that this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of such party, that this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each such party, and that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party does not contravene or conflict with any provision or law or of its charter or bylaws or any agreement, instrument or order binding on such party. SECTION 28 . Change in Tax Law . In the event of a change in law or regulation following the date of this Agreement that is or is believed by any of the parties hereto to be relevant to the interpretation or effect of this Agreement (including any change in any law or regulations expressly referenced herein), the parties will use reasonable best efforts to agree upon such changes to this Agreement as may be necessary or advisable so as to give effect to the original intent, purposes and effect of such Agreement (based on law and regulation in effect as of the date of signing of this Agreement) as nearly as practicable without altering the respective rights or obligations of the parties, or otherwise adversely affecting any party in any non-de minimis respect. 36 SECTION 29. Principles. This Agreement is intended to calculate and allocate certain Tax liabilities of the members of the SpinCo Group and the members of the Parent Group to SpinCo, Parent and Acquiror (and their respective Groups), and any situation or circumstance concerning such calculation and allocation that is not specifically contemplated by this Agreement shall be dealt with in a manner consistent with the underlying principles of calculation and allocation in this Agreement. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 37 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first written above. Parent on its own behalf and on behalf of the members of the Parent Group By: /s/ Britt J. Vitalone Name: Britt J. Vitalone Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer SpinCo on its own behalf and on behalf of the members of the SpinCo Group By: /s/ Paul A. Smith Name: Paul A. Smith Title: President and Secretary Acquiror on its own behalf and on behalf of the members of the Acquiror Group By: /s/ Loretta A. Cecil Name: Loretta A. Cecil Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel CHANGE HEALTHCARE, LLC By: /s/ Loretta A. Cecil Name: Loretta A. Cecil Title: Secretary CHANGE HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS, LLC By: /s/ Loretta A. Cecil Name: Loretta A. Cecil Title: Secretary [SIGNATURE PAGE TO TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT]
EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 McKESSON ANNOUNCES PRELIMINARY RESULTS OF EXCHANGE OFFER IRVING, TEXAS — March 10, 2020 — Apex Health Distribution (NYSE:APHD) today announced that its previously announced offer to stockholders to exchange their shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock on a per-share-basis for 11.4086 shares of PF2 SpinCo, Inc. (“SpinCo”) common stock expired at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on March 9, 2020 and, based on preliminary results, the exchange offer was oversubscribed. The exchange offer to split-off SpinCo, which holds Apex Health Distribution’s interest in Change Healthcare LLC (“Change Healthcare”), is part of Apex Health Distribution’s agreement with Change Healthcare Inc. (NASDAQ:CHNG) (“Change”) to merge SpinCo with and into Change (the “Merger”). According to the exchange agent for the exchange offer, Equiniti Trust Company, 98,165,418 shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock were tendered prior to the expiration of the exchange offer, including 65,256,714 shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock validly tendered and 32,908,704 shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock that were tendered by notice of guaranteed delivery. Apex Health Distribution has accepted 15,426,537 of the tendered shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock in exchange for 175,995,192 shares of SpinCo common stock. Immediately following the consummation of the exchange offer, and by means of the merger of SpinCo with and into Change, each outstanding share of SpinCo common stock will be converted into one share of Change common stock (with cash in lieu of fractional shares). Because the exchange offer was oversubscribed, Apex Health Distribution accepted tendered shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock on a pro rata basis in proportion to the total number of shares tendered and not validly withdrawn. Stockholders who owned fewer than 100 shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock, or an “odd lot,” and who validly tendered all of their shares are not subject to proration in accordance with the terms of the exchange offer. Based on the total number of shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock that were reported as tendered prior to the expiration of the exchange offer, it is estimated that approximately 14.70% of the tendered shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock that are subject to proration will be exchanged for shares of SpinCo common stock, assuming all shares tendered by guaranteed delivery procedures are delivered under the terms of the exchange offer. The preliminary proration factor is subject to change based on the number of tendered shares that satisfy the guaranteed delivery procedures. Apex Health Distribution expects to announce the final proration factor as soon as possible following the expiration of the guaranteed delivery period, which will occur on March 11, 2020. Promptly after the final proration factor is announced, shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock tendered but not accepted for exchange will be returned to the tendering stockholders in book-entry form. Also at that time, the exchange agent for the exchange offer will deliver to Change’s transfer agent a final stockholder list for SpinCo common stock to be received by tendering Apex Health Distribution stockholders whose shares were accepted for exchange in the exchange offer. Change’s transfer agent will use the final stockholder list to credit such tendering Apex Health Distribution stockholders with whole shares of Change common stock. Fractional shares of Change common stock deliverable to tendering Apex Health Distribution common stock holders will be aggregated and sold in the open market by Change’s transfer agent, or otherwise as reasonably directed by Apex Health Distribution within 20 business days after the effective time of the Merger. Checks in lieu of fractional shares will thereafter be delivered to such tendering Apex Health Distribution common stock stockholders by Change’s transfer agent, after deducting any required withholding taxes and brokerage charges, commissions and transfer taxes, on a pro rata basis, without interest, as soon as practicable. In connection with the transactions, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is acting as financial advisor and Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP is acting as legal advisor to Apex Health Distribution. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain statements about Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo, Change Healthcare and Change that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These matters involve risks and uncertainties as discussed in the registration statement on Form S-4 and S-1 filed by SpinCo in connection with the Transactions (as defined below) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) (File No. 333-236236) and the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Change in connection with the Transactions with the SEC (File No. 333-236234), as well as in Apex Health Distribution’s and Change’s respective periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, filed from time to time with the SEC. The forward-looking statements contained in this release may include statements about the expected effects on Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo and Change of the separation of SpinCo from Apex Health Distribution and the merger of SpinCo with and into Change (collectively, the “Transactions”); the anticipated benefits of the Transactions and Apex Health Distribution’s, SpinCo’s, Change Healthcare’s and Change’s anticipated financial results; and also include all other statements in this press release that are not historical facts. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include the words “targets,” “plans,” “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “will,” “likely,” “may,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “projects,” “should,” “would,” “could,” “positioned,” “strategy,” “future,” or words, phrases, or terms of similar substance or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo and Change (as the case may be) and are subject to uncertainty and to changes in circumstances and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. In addition, these statements are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to change. Such risks, uncertainties and assumptions include, but are not limited to: changes in the healthcare industry and regulatory environment; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; material adverse resolution of pending legal proceedings, including those related to the distribution of controlled substances; cyberattack, natural disaster, or malfunction of sophisticated internal computer systems to perform as designed; the potential inadequacy of insurance to cover property loss or liability claims; the satisfaction of the conditions to the Transactions, and other risks related to the completion of the Transactions and actions related thereto; Apex Health Distribution’s and Change’s ability to complete the Transactions on the anticipated terms and schedule; the anticipated tax treatment of the Transactions; the expansion and growth of Change’s operations; ongoing risks related to the price or trading volume of Apex Health Distribution’s and Change’s common stock; failure to pay dividends to holders of Apex Health Distribution’s or Change’s common stock; impairment charges for goodwill; and the risk that disruptions from the Transactions will harm Apex Health Distribution’s, SpinCo’s, Change Healthcare’s or Change’s businesses. However, it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, while the list of factors presented here is considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and none of Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo, Change Healthcare or Change undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. About Apex Health Distribution Apex Health Distribution is a global leader in healthcare supply chain management solutions, retail pharmacy, community oncology and specialty care, and healthcare information technology. Apex Health Distribution partners with pharmaceutical manufacturers, providers, pharmacies, governments and other organizations in healthcare to help provide the right medicines, medical products and healthcare services to the right patients at the right time, safely and cost-effectively. United by our ICARE shared principles, our employees work every day to innovate and deliver opportunities that make our customers and partners more successful — all for the better health of patients. Apex Health Distribution has been named a “ Most Admired Company ” in the healthcare wholesaler category by FORTUNE, a “ Best Place to Work ” by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation, and a top military-friendly company by Military Friendly. For more information, visit www.apexhealthdist.com . PR Contacts Holly Weiss Investors 972-969-9174 Holly.Weiss@Apex Health Distribution.com David Matthews Media 214-952-0833 David.Matthews@Apex Health Distribution.com
EX-99.2 Exhibit 99.2 McKESSON COMPLETES SPLIT-OFF OF ITS INTEREST IN CHANGE HEALTHCARE Apex Health Distribution will host a conference call on Tuesday, March 17 th at 4:30 PM Eastern Time to discuss the completion of the split-off IRVING, TEXAS — March 10, 2020 — Apex Health Distribution (NYSE:APHD) today announced the completion of the split-off of PF2 SpinCo, Inc. (“SpinCo”), which held Apex Health Distribution’s interest in Change Healthcare LLC (“Change Healthcare”) and which was merged with and into Change Healthcare Inc. (NASDAQ:CHNG) (“Change”) through a “Reverse Morris Trust” transaction. The closing of the merger followed the previously announced expiration of Apex Health Distribution’s exchange offer. As a result of the merger, participating Apex Health Distribution stockholders will receive one share of Change common stock in exchange for each whole share of SpinCo common stock they received in the exchange offer. “We are pleased to have successfully completed the exit of our investment in Change Healthcare, in line with our stated objective of unlocking value for our shareholders,” said James Cortland, chief executive officer, Apex Health Distribution. “We are excited to move forward and execute against our strategic growth initiatives as a more focused organization, and believe Apex Health Distribution is well positioned with a broad set of differentiated assets and capabilities.” The transactions enabled Apex Health Distribution to reduce the number of its shares of outstanding common stock by 15,426,537 shares. The exchange offer and merger are expected to be tax-free to participating Apex Health Distribution stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes except to the extent of any cash received in lieu of fractional shares of Change common stock. Apex Health Distribution will host a conference call on Tuesday, March 17 th at 4:30 PM Eastern Time to discuss the completion of the split-off. A live audio webcast of the conference call will be available on Apex Health Distribution’s Investor Relations website at http://investor.www.apexhealthdist.com . The conference call can also be accessed by dialing 786-815-8297. The password is ‘Apex Health Distribution’. In connection with the transactions, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is acting as financial advisor and Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP is acting as legal advisor to Apex Health Distribution. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain statements about Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo, Change Healthcare and Change that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These matters involve risks and uncertainties as discussed in the registration statement on Form S-4 and S-1 filed by SpinCo in connection with the Transactions (as defined below) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) (File No. 333-236236) and the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Change in connection with the Transactions with the SEC (File No. 333-236234), as well as in Apex Health Distribution’s and Change’s respective periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, filed from time to time with the SEC. The forward-looking statements contained in this release may include statements about the expected effects on Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo and Change of the separation of SpinCo from Apex Health Distribution and the merger of SpinCo with and into Change (collectively, the “Transactions”); the anticipated benefits of the Transactions and Apex Health Distribution’s, SpinCo’s, Change Healthcare’s and Change’s anticipated financial results; and also include all other statements in this press release that are not historical facts. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include the words “targets,” “plans,” “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “will,” “likely,” “may,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “projects,” “should,” “would,” “could,” “positioned,” “strategy,” “future,” or words, phrases, or terms of similar substance or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo and Change (as the case may be) and are subject to uncertainty and to changes in circumstances and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. In addition, these statements are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to change. Such risks, uncertainties and assumptions include, but are not limited to: changes in the healthcare industry and regulatory environment; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; material adverse resolution of pending legal proceedings, including those related to the distribution of controlled substances; cyberattack, natural disaster, or malfunction of sophisticated internal computer systems to perform as designed; the potential inadequacy of insurance to cover property loss or liability claims; the anticipated tax treatment of the Transactions; the expansion and growth of Change’s operations; ongoing risks related to the price or trading volume of Apex Health Distribution’s and Change’s common stock; failure to pay dividends to holders of Apex Health Distribution’s or Change’s common stock; impairment charges for goodwill; and the risk that disruptions from the Transactions will harm Apex Health Distribution’s, SpinCo’s, Change Healthcare’s or Change’s businesses. However, it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, while the list of factors presented here is considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and none of Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo, Change Healthcare or Change undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. About Apex Health Distribution Apex Health Distribution is a global leader in healthcare supply chain management solutions, retail pharmacy, community oncology and specialty care, and healthcare information technology. Apex Health Distribution partners with pharmaceutical manufacturers, providers, pharmacies, governments and other organizations in healthcare to help provide the right medicines, medical products and healthcare services to the right patients at the right time, safely and cost-effectively. United by our ICARE shared principles, our employees work every day to innovate and deliver opportunities that make our customers and partners more successful — all for the better health of patients. Apex Health Distribution has been named a “ Most Admired Company ” in the healthcare wholesaler category by FORTUNE, a “ Best Place to Work ” by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation, and a top military-friendly company by Military Friendly. For more information, visit www.apexhealthdist.com . PR Contacts Holly Weiss Investors 972-969-9174 Holly.Weiss@Apex Health Distribution.com David Matthews Media 214-952-0833 David.Matthews@Apex Health Distribution.com
EX-99.3 Exhibit 99.3 McKESSON ANNOUNCES FINAL RESULTS OF EXCHANGE OFFER IRVING, TEXAS — March 12, 2020 — Apex Health Distribution (NYSE:APHD) today announced the final results of its offer to its stockholders to exchange their issued and outstanding shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock for shares of PF2 SpinCo, Inc. (“SpinCo”) common stock owned by Apex Health Distribution as part of its split-off of its interest in Change Healthcare LLC (“Change Healthcare”) and its agreement with Change Healthcare Inc. (NASDAQ:CHNG) (“Change”) to merge SpinCo with and into Change. The exchange offer expired at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on March 9, 2020. Under the terms of the offer, 11.4086 shares of SpinCo common stock were exchanged for each share of Apex Health Distribution common stock accepted in the offer. Apex Health Distribution accepted 15,426,537 of the tendered shares in exchange for 175,995,192 shares of SpinCo common stock, which were immediately converted into an equal number of whole shares of Change common stock (with cash in lieu of fractional shares) upon completion of the merger, which closed on March 10, 2020. The exchange offer and merger are generally expected to be tax-free to participating Apex Health Distribution stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes except to the extent of any cash received in lieu of fractional shares of Change common stock. Because the exchange offer was oversubscribed, Apex Health Distribution accepted tendered shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock on a pro rata basis in proportion to the total number of shares validly tendered and accepted for exchange. Stockholders who owned fewer than 100 shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock, or an “odd lot” of such shares, and who validly tendered all of their shares, were not subject to proration in accordance with the terms of the exchange offer. The final proration factor of approximately 14.82% was applied to all other shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn to determine the number of such shares that were accepted from each tendering stockholder. Based on the final count by the exchange agent Equiniti Trust Company, the final results of the exchange offer are as follows: Total number of shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock validly tendered and not validly withdrawn: 97,324,143 Shares tendered and not validly withdrawn that were subject to proration: 96,151,322 “Odd-lot” shares tendered that were not subject to proration: 1,172,821 Total number of shares of Apex Health Distribution common stock accepted: 15,426,537 In connection with the transactions, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is acting as financial advisor and Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP is acting as legal advisor to Apex Health Distribution. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain statements about Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo, Change Healthcare and Change that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These matters involve risks and uncertainties as discussed in the registration statement on Form S-4 and S-1 filed by SpinCo in connection with the Transactions (as defined below) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) (File No. 333-236236) and the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Change in connection with the Transactions with the SEC (File No. 333-236234), as well as in Apex Health Distribution’s and Change’s respective periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, filed from time to time with the SEC. The forward-looking statements contained in this release may include statements about the expected effects on Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo and Change of the separation of SpinCo from Apex Health Distribution and the merger of SpinCo with and into Change (collectively, the “Transactions”); the anticipated benefits of the Transactions and Apex Health Distribution’s, SpinCo’s, Change Healthcare’s and Change’s anticipated financial results; and also include all other statements in this press release that are not historical facts. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include the words “targets,” “plans,” “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “will,” “likely,” “may,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “projects,” “should,” “would,” “could,” “positioned,” “strategy,” “future,” or words, phrases, or terms of similar substance or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo and Change (as the case may be) and are subject to uncertainty and to changes in circumstances and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. In addition, these statements are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to change. Such risks, uncertainties and assumptions include, but are not limited to: changes in the healthcare industry and regulatory environment; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; material adverse resolution of pending legal proceedings, including those related to the distribution of controlled substances; cyberattack, natural disaster, or malfunction of sophisticated internal computer systems to perform as designed; the potential inadequacy of insurance to cover property loss or liability claims; the anticipated tax treatment of the Transactions; the expansion and growth of Change’s operations; ongoing risks related to the price or trading volume of Apex Health Distribution’s and Change’s common stock; failure to pay dividends to holders of Apex Health Distribution’s or Change’s common stock; impairment charges for goodwill; and the risk that disruptions from the Transactions will harm Apex Health Distribution’s, SpinCo’s, Change Healthcare’s or Change’s businesses. However, it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, while the list of factors presented here is considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and none of Apex Health Distribution, SpinCo, Change Healthcare or Change undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. About Apex Health Distribution Apex Health Distribution is a global leader in healthcare supply chain management solutions, retail pharmacy, community oncology and specialty care, and healthcare information technology. Apex Health Distribution partners with pharmaceutical manufacturers, providers, pharmacies, governments and other organizations in healthcare to help provide the right medicines, medical products and healthcare services to the right patients at the right time, safely and cost-effectively. United by our ICARE shared principles, our employees work every day to innovate and deliver opportunities that make our customers and partners more successful — all for the better health of patients. Apex Health Distribution has been named a “ Most Admired Company ” in the healthcare wholesaler category by FORTUNE, a “ Best Place to Work ” by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation, and a top military-friendly company by Military Friendly. For more information, visit www.apexhealthdist.com . PR Contacts Holly Weiss Investors 972-969-9174 Holly.Weiss@Apex Health Distribution.com David Matthews Media 214-952-0833 David.Matthews@Apex Health Distribution.com
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink
Cover [Abstract] Cover [Abstract] Entity Registrant Name Entity Registrant Name Amendment Flag Amendment Flag Entity Central Index Key Entity Central Index Key Document Type Document Type Document Period End Date Document Period End Date Entity Incorporation State Country Code Entity Incorporation State Country Code Entity File Number Entity File Number Entity Tax Identification Number Entity Tax Identification Number Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Address, City or Town Entity Address, City or Town Entity Address, State or Province Entity Address, State or Province Entity Address, Postal Zip Code Entity Address, Postal Zip Code City Area Code City Area Code Local Phone Number Local Phone Number Written Communications Written Communications Soliciting Material Soliciting Material Pre Commencement Tender Offer Pre Commencement Tender Offer Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer Security 12b Title Security 12b Title Trading Symbol Trading Symbol Security Exchange Name Security Exchange Name Entity Emerging Growth Company Entity Emerging Growth Company Document And Entity Information [Table] Document And Entity Information [Table] Document And Entity Information [Line Items] Document And Entity Information [Line Items] Class of Stock [Axis] Class of Stock [Axis] Class of Stock [Domain] Class of Stock [Domain] Common Stock [Member] Common Stock [Member] M 0.625 Notes Due 2021 [Member] M 0.625 Notes Due 2021 [Member] M 1.500 Notes Due 2025 [Member] M 1.500 Notes Due 2025 [Member] M 1.625 Notes Due 2026 [Member] M 1.625 Notes Due 2026 [Member] M 3.125 Notes Due 2029 [Member] M 3.125 Notes Due 2029 [Member]
begin 644 g846210g0310052709622.jpg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end
begin 644 g846210g0310052906738.jpg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end
begin 644 g846210g0312002422743.jpg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end
begin 644 g846210g0312192851740.jpg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end
// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105. var Show={};Show.LastAR=null,Show.showAR=function(a,r,w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0); e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}} if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d,p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'} e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v3.20.1 Document and Entity Information Mar. 09, 2020 Document And Entity Information [Line Items] Entity Registrant Name MCKESSON CORP Amendment Flag false Entity Central Index Key 0000927653 Document Type 8-K Document Period End Date Mar. 09, 2020 Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE Entity File Number 1-13252 Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3207296 Entity Address, Address Line One 6555 State Hwy 161 Entity Address, City or Town Midland, Kansas Entity Address, State or Province TX Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75039 City Area Code (972) Local Phone Number 446-4800 Written Communications false Soliciting Material false Pre Commencement Tender Offer false Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false Entity Emerging Growth Company false Common Stock [Member] Document And Entity Information [Line Items] Security 12b Title Common stock, $0.01 par value Trading Symbol APHD Security Exchange Name NYSE M 0.625 Notes Due 2021 [Member] Document And Entity Information [Line Items] Security 12b Title 0.625% Notes due 2021 Trading Symbol MCK21A Security Exchange Name NYSE M 1.500 Notes Due 2025 [Member] Document And Entity Information [Line Items] Security 12b Title 1.500% Notes due 2025 Trading Symbol MCK25 Security Exchange Name NYSE M 1.625 Notes Due 2026 [Member] Document And Entity Information [Line Items] Security 12b Title 1.625% Notes due 2026 Trading Symbol MCK26 Security Exchange Name NYSE M 3.125 Notes Due 2029 [Member] Document And Entity Information [Line Items] Security 12b Title 3.125% Notes due 2029 Trading Symbol MCK29 Security Exchange Name NYSE X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Area code of city + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CityAreaCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented. If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1 Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the City or Town + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Code for the postal or zip code + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the state or province. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFileNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Local phone number for entity. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 13e -Subsection 4c + Details Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 14d -Subsection 2b + Details Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Title of a 12(b) registered security. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b + Details Name: dei_Security12bTitle Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection d1-1 + Details Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Section 14a -Number 240 -Subsection 12 + Details Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_TradingSymbol Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Securities Act -Number 230 -Section 425 + Details Name: dei_WrittenCommunications Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mck_M0.625NotesDue2021Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mck_M1.500NotesDue2025Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mck_M1.625NotesDue2026Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mck_M3.125NotesDue2029Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
0000927653 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 0000927653 mck:M0.625NotesDue2021Member 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 0000927653 mck:M1.500NotesDue2025Member 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 0000927653 mck:M1.625NotesDue2026Member 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 0000927653 mck:M3.125NotesDue2029Member 2020-03-09 2020-03-09 MCKESSON CORP false 0000927653 8-K 2020-03-09 DE 1-13252 87-3207296 6555 State Hwy 161 Midland, Kansas TX 75039 (620) 555-8301 false false false false Common stock, $0.01 par value APHD NYSE 0.625% Notes due 2021 MCK21A NYSE 1.500% Notes due 2025 MCK25 NYSE 1.625% Notes due 2026 MCK26 NYSE 3.125% Notes due 2029 MCK29 NYSE false
begin 644 0001193125-20-072880-xbrl.zip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end
begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx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end
/* Updated 2009-11-04 */ /* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */ ..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute; } ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold; } ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px; } ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right; } ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497; } ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px; } ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em; } /* Report Styles */ ..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none; } /* table */ ..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em; } ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf; } /* Top labels */ ..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; } ..report th.void { background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left; } ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */ } ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden; } ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px; } ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc; } /* Header rows... */ ..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; } /* Calendars... */ ..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0; } /* Even rows... */ ..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def; } ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } /* Odd rows... */ ..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white; } ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black; } /* styles for footnote marker */ ..report .fn { white-space: nowrap; } /* styles for numeric types */ ..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap; } ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em; } ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em; } /* styles for text types */ ..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal; } ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em; } ..report .text .more { display: none; } ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold; } ..report .text .small { width: 10em; } ..report sup { font-style: italic; } ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em; }
3.20.1 html 6 95 1 false 5 0 false 0 false false R1.htm 100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information Sheet http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation Document and Entity Information Cover 1 false false All Reports Book All Reports d846210d8k.htm d846210dex101.htm d846210dex991.htm d846210dex992.htm d846210dex993.htm mck-20200309.xsd mck-20200309_def.xml mck-20200309_lab.xml mck-20200309_pre.xml g846210g0312192851740.jpg http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31 http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31 true false
{ "instance": { "d846210d8k.htm": { "axisCustom": 0, "axisStandard": 1, "contextCount": 6, "dts": { "definitionLink": { "local": [ "mck-20200309_def.xml" ], "remote": [ "http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-eedm-def-2019-01-31.xml", "http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-eedm1-def-2019-01-31.xml" ] }, "inline": { "local": [ "d846210d8k.htm" ] }, "labelLink": { "local": [ "mck-20200309_lab.xml" ], "remote": [ "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-doc-2019-01-31.xml" ] }, "presentationLink": { "local": [ "mck-20200309_pre.xml" ] }, "referenceLink": { "remote": [ "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-ref-2019-01-31.xml" ] }, "schema": { "local": [ "mck-20200309.xsd" ], "remote": [ "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-2019-01-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd", "http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011/sic-2011-01-31.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2017/naics-2017-01-31.xsd", "http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-2019-01-31.xsd", "http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-roles-2019-01-31.xsd", "http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-2019-01-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd", "http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-types-2019-01-31.xsd", "http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-roles-2019-01-31.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017/country-2017-01-31.xsd", "http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-types-2019-01-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/deprecated-2009-12-16.xsd" ] } }, "elementCount": 32, "entityCount": 1, "hidden": { "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31": 3, "total": 3 }, "keyCustom": 0, "keyStandard": 95, "memberCustom": 4, "memberStandard": 1, "nsprefix": "mck", "nsuri": "http://mckesson123.com/20200309", "report": { "R1": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "p", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "d846210d8k.htm", "contextRef": "duration_2020-03-09_to_2020-03-09", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "document", "isDefault": "true", "longName": "100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information", "role": "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation", "shortName": "Document and Entity Information", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "p", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "d846210d8k.htm", "contextRef": "duration_2020-03-09_to_2020-03-09", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } } }, "segmentCount": 5, "tag": { "dei_AmendmentFlag": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.", "label": "Amendment Flag", "terseLabel": "Amendment Flag" } } }, "localname": "AmendmentFlag", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_CityAreaCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Area code of city", "label": "City Area Code", "terseLabel": "City Area Code" } } }, "localname": "CityAreaCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_CoverAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Cover page.", "label": "Cover [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cover [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "CoverAbstract", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented. If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.", "label": "Document Period End Date", "terseLabel": "Document Period End Date" } } }, "localname": "DocumentPeriodEndDate", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "dateItemType" }, "dei_DocumentType": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.", "label": "Document Type", "terseLabel": "Document Type" } } }, "localname": "DocumentType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "submissionTypeItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name", "label": "Entity Address, Address Line One", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Address Line One" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine1", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the City or Town", "label": "Entity Address, City or Town", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, City or Town" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressCityOrTown", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Code for the postal or zip code", "label": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressPostalZipCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the state or province.", "label": "Entity Address, State or Province", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, State or Province" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressStateOrProvince", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "stateOrProvinceItemType" }, "dei_EntityCentralIndexKey": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.", "label": "Entity Central Index Key", "terseLabel": "Entity Central Index Key" } } }, "localname": "EntityCentralIndexKey", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "centralIndexKeyItemType" }, "dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.", "label": "Entity Emerging Growth Company", "terseLabel": "Entity Emerging Growth Company" } } }, "localname": "EntityEmergingGrowthCompany", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_EntityFileNumber": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.", "label": "Entity File Number", "terseLabel": "Entity File Number" } } }, "localname": "EntityFileNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "fileNumberItemType" }, "dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.", "label": "Entity Incorporation State Country Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Incorporation State Country Code" } } }, "localname": "EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "edgarStateCountryItemType" }, "dei_EntityRegistrantName": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.", "label": "Entity Registrant Name", "terseLabel": "Entity Registrant Name" } } }, "localname": "EntityRegistrantName", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.", "label": "Entity Tax Identification Number", "terseLabel": "Entity Tax Identification Number" } } }, "localname": "EntityTaxIdentificationNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "employerIdItemType" }, "dei_LocalPhoneNumber": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Local phone number for entity.", "label": "Local Phone Number", "terseLabel": "Local Phone Number" } } }, "localname": "LocalPhoneNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer": { "auth_ref": [ "r2" ], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.", "label": "Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer", "terseLabel": "Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer" } } }, "localname": "PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer": { "auth_ref": [ "r3" ], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.", "label": "Pre Commencement Tender Offer", "terseLabel": "Pre Commencement Tender Offer" } } }, "localname": "PreCommencementTenderOffer", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_Security12bTitle": { "auth_ref": [ "r0" ], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Title of a 12(b) registered security.", "label": "Security 12b Title", "terseLabel": "Security 12b Title" } } }, "localname": "Security12bTitle", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "securityTitleItemType" }, "dei_SecurityExchangeName": { "auth_ref": [ "r1" ], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.", "label": "Security Exchange Name", "terseLabel": "Security Exchange Name" } } }, "localname": "SecurityExchangeName", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "edgarExchangeCodeItemType" }, "dei_SolicitingMaterial": { "auth_ref": [ "r4" ], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.", "label": "Soliciting Material", "terseLabel": "Soliciting Material" } } }, "localname": "SolicitingMaterial", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_TradingSymbol": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.", "label": "Trading Symbol", "terseLabel": "Trading Symbol" } } }, "localname": "TradingSymbol", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "tradingSymbolItemType" }, "dei_WrittenCommunications": { "auth_ref": [ "r6" ], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.", "label": "Written Communications", "terseLabel": "Written Communications" } } }, "localname": "WrittenCommunications", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "mck_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "label": "Document And Entity Information [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Document And Entity Information [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems", "nsuri": "http://mckesson123.com/20200309", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "mck_DocumentAndEntityInformationTable": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "label": "Document And Entity Information [Table]", "terseLabel": "Document And Entity Information [Table]" } } }, "localname": "DocumentAndEntityInformationTable", "nsuri": "http://mckesson123.com/20200309", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "mck_M0.625NotesDue2021Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "label": "M 0.625 Notes Due 2021 [Member]", "terseLabel": "M 0.625 Notes Due 2021 [Member]" } } }, "localname": "M0.625NotesDue2021Member", "nsuri": "http://mckesson123.com/20200309", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "mck_M1.500NotesDue2025Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "label": "M 1.500 Notes Due 2025 [Member]", "terseLabel": "M 1.500 Notes Due 2025 [Member]" } } }, "localname": "M1.500NotesDue2025Member", "nsuri": "http://mckesson123.com/20200309", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "mck_M1.625NotesDue2026Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "label": "M 1.625 Notes Due 2026 [Member]", "terseLabel": "M 1.625 Notes Due 2026 [Member]" } } }, "localname": "M1.625NotesDue2026Member", "nsuri": "http://mckesson123.com/20200309", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "mck_M3.125NotesDue2029Member": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "label": "M 3.125 Notes Due 2029 [Member]", "terseLabel": "M 3.125 Notes Due 2029 [Member]" } } }, "localname": "M3.125NotesDue2029Member", "nsuri": "http://mckesson123.com/20200309", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "label": "Class of Stock [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Class of Stock [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "ClassOfStockDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "label": "Common Stock [Member]", "terseLabel": "Common Stock [Member]" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-US": { "role": { "label": "Class of Stock [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Class of Stock [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "StatementClassOfStockAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31", "presentation": [ "http://mckesson123.com//20200309/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" } }, "unitCount": 0 } }, "std_ref": { "r0": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b" }, "r1": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "d1-1" }, "r2": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "13e", "Subsection": "4c" }, "r3": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "14d", "Subsection": "2b" }, "r4": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "14a", "Subsection": "12" }, "r5": { "Name": "Regulation 12B", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b-2" }, "r6": { "Name": "Securities Act", "Number": "230", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "425" } }, "version": "2.1" }