8-K AppLovin Corp false 0001751008 0001751008 2024-12-05 2024-12-05 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 5, 2024 AppLovin Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-40325 45-3264542 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto , California 94304 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (800) 839-9646 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Class A common stock, par value $0.00003 per share APP The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Indenture and the Notes On December 5, 2024, AppLovin Corporation (the “Company”), completed a public offering of $1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125% Senior Notes due 2029 (the “2029 Notes”), $1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2031 (the “2031 Notes”), $1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 5.500% Senior Notes due 2034 (the “2034 Notes”) and $550 million aggregate principal amount of 5.950% Senior Notes due 2054 (the “2054 Notes” and, collectively with the 2029 Notes, the 2031 Notes and the 2034 Notes, the “Notes”). The Notes were offered and sold pursuant to the Company’s automatically effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-272328) (the “Registration Statement”) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), on June 1, 2023. The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes were approximately $3,519 million after deducting the underwriters’ discount but before other expenses and will be used to repay in full its senior secured term loan facility due 2028 and its senior secured term loan facility due 2030. The Notes are governed by the Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024 (the “Base Indenture”), between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024, between the Company and the Trustee (the “First Supplemental Indenture” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”). The Notes will accrue interest from December 5, 2024 and will be payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2025. The 2029 Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 5.125% per annum and will mature on December 1, 2029. The 2031 Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 5.375% per annum and will mature on December 1, 2031. The 2034 Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 5.500% per annum and will mature on December 1, 2034. The 2054 Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 5.950% per annum and will mature on December 1, 2054. Prior to (i) November 1, 2029 for the 2029 Notes (one month prior to the maturity date for the 2029 Notes), (ii) October 1, 2031 for the 2031 Notes (two months prior to the maturity date for the 2031 Notes), (iii) September 1, 2034 for the 2034 Notes (three months prior to the maturity date for the 2034 Notes) and (iv) June 1, 2054 for the 2054 Notes (six months prior to the maturity date for the 2054 Notes) (each such date, a “par call date”), the Company may redeem the applicable series of Notes at the Company’s option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed discounted to the redemption date (assuming that such Notes matured on their applicable par call date), on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months) at a rate equal to the Treasury Rate (as defined in the First Supplemental Indenture), plus 15 basis points in the case of the 2029 Notes, 20 basis points in the case of the 2031 Notes, 20 basis points in the case of the 2034 Notes and 25 basis points in the case of the 2054 Notes less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the applicable Notes to the redemption date. On or after the applicable par call date for each series of Notes, the Company may redeem the Notes of such series in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. The foregoing description of the Base Indenture, the First Supplemental Indenture and the Notes do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Base Indenture, the First Supplemental Indenture and the form of global notes representing the 2029 Notes, the 2031 Notes, the 2034 Notes and the 2054 Notes, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5 and 4.6, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein. In connection with the offering of the Notes, the Company is filing as Exhibit 5.1 hereto an opinion of counsel addressing the validity of the Notes. Such opinion is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. Credit Agreement On December 5, 2024, the Company entered into an unsecured credit agreement, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., Citibank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners and with certain other financial institutions, as lenders (the “Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility”). The obligations of the Company under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility are unsecured and will not be guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries. Aggregate commitments under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility total $1,000 million (with a $100 million letter of credit sublimit). The Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility matures on December 5, 2029 (subject to two one-year extensions that may be requested under the terms of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility). The Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility also provides for an uncommitted accordion feature that allows the Company to request an increase in commitments under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility by up to an additional $1,000 million. The Company may voluntarily repay outstanding loans under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility, subject to prior written notice, minimum amount requirements and customary “breakage” costs. Amounts prepaid under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility may subsequently be reborrowed. Borrowings under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest, with respect to U.S. Dollar borrowings, based on our election of either (1) a base rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate then in effect, (ii) the federal funds rate, plus 0.500% and (iii) the Term SOFR rate for a one-month interest period, plus 1.100%, in each case subject to a 1.000% floor, plus the Applicable Margin or (2) the Term SOFR rate for the applicable interest period plus the Applicable Margin plus 0.100%. The Applicable Margin in connection with base rate borrowings will range, based on the applicable public debt credit rating of the Company, from 0.125% to 1.000%. The Applicable Margin in connection with Term SOFR rate borrowings will range, based on the applicable public debt credit rating of the Company, from 1.125% to 2.000%. The fee for unused commitments under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility will range, based on the applicable public debt credit rating of the Company, from 0.100% to 0.325%. The Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility includes usual and customary provisions for unsecured revolving credit agreements of this type, including covenants limiting, with certain exceptions (1) incurrence of indebtedness by our subsidiaries, (2) liens, (3) fundamental changes and (4) sale and leaseback transactions; provided that the foregoing covenants will allow for subsidiary indebtedness, liens and attributable debt in respect of outstanding sale and leaseback transactions in an aggregate amount of up to the greater of (i) 15% of Consolidated Total Assets and (ii) $1,000 million. In addition, the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility requires that we maintain a ratio of Consolidated Total Debt (net of up to $1,000 million of Unrestricted cash and Permitted Investments) to Consolidated EBITDA (each as defined in the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility) not to exceed 3.50 to 1.00 that shall be tested as of the end of any fiscal quarter for the four fiscal quarter period ending on such date, provided that at the option of the Company in connection with an acquisition in which the aggregate cash consideration therefor (including assumed or refinanced debt and deferred purchase price obligations) exceeds $1,500 million, such ratio may be increased to 4.00 to 1.00 for the four fiscal quarter periods ending with the fiscal quarter in which such acquisition occurs and with the three fiscal quarters thereafter. The foregoing description of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. Item 1.02. Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. In connection with the Company’s entry into the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and concurrently with the sale of the Notes, on December 5, 2024, the Company terminated all outstanding commitments and repaid all outstanding obligations, as applicable, under the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2018, by and among the Company, as borrower, the other parties thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2019, Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2020, Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2020, Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2020, Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2021, Amendment No. 6 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2021, Amendment No. 7 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2023, Amendment No. 8 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2023, Amendment No. 9 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 18, 2023 and Amendment No. 10 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2024) (the “Credit Agreement”). Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information in Item 1.01 under the subheading Credit Agreement above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits: Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 4.1 Indenture, dated December 5, 2024, by and between AppLovin Corporation and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024, by and between AppLovin Corporation and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. 4.3 Form of Global Note for 5.125% Senior Notes due 2029 (included as Exhibit A to 4.2). 4.4 Form of Global Note for 5.375% Senior Notes due 2031 (included as Exhibit B to 4.2). 4.5 Form of Global Note for 5.500% Senior Notes due 2034 (included as Exhibit C to 4.2). 4.6 Form of Global Note for 5.950% Senior Notes due 2054 (included as Exhibit D to 4.2). 5.1 Opinion of Proskauer Rose LLP. 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2024, by and between AppLovin Corporation, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. 23.1 Consent of Proskauer Rose LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. APPLOVIN CORPORATION Date: December 5, 2024 /s/ Matthew A. Stumpf Matthew A. Stumpf Chief Financial Officer
EX-4.1 Exhibit 4.1 AppLovin Corporation and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee INDENTURE Dated as of December 5, 2024 RECONCILIATION AND TIE BETWEEN TRUST INDENTURE ACT OF 1939, AS AMENDED, AND INDENTURE, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 5, 2024: Trust Indenture Act Section INDENTURE Section Section 310(a)(1) Section 609 (a)(2) Section 609 (a)(3) Not Applicable (a)(4) Not Applicable (b) Section 608 Section 610 Section 311(a) Section 613 (b) Section 613 Section 312(a) Section 701 Section 702 (b) Section 702 (c) Section 702 Section 313(a) Section 703 (b) Section 703 (c) Section 703 (d) Section 703 Section 314(a) Section 704 (a)(4) Section 1007 (b) Not Applicable (c)(1) Section 102 (c)(2) Section 102 (c)(3) Not Applicable (d) Not Applicable (e) Section 102 Section 315(a) Section 601 (b) Section 602 (c) Section 601 (d) Section 601 (e) Section 513 Section 316(a) Section 101 (a)(1)(A) Section 502 Section 511 (a)(1)(B) Section 512 (a)(2) Not Applicable (b) Section 508 (c) Section 104 Section 317(a)(1) Section 503 (a)(2) Section 504 (b) Section 1004 Section 318(a) Section 107 NOTE: This reconciliation and tie shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be a part of this Indenture. TABLE OF CONTENTS ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 1 Section 101. Definitions 1 Section 102. Compliance Certificates and Opinions 7 Section 103. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee 7 Section 104. Acts of Holders; Record Dates 8 Section 105. Notices, Etc., to Trustee and Company 9 Section 106. Notice to Holders; Waiver 10 Section 107. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 10 Section 108. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 10 Section 109. Successors and Assigns 10 Section 110. Separability Clause 11 Section 111. Benefits of Indenture 11 Section 112. Governing Law 11 Section 113. Legal Holidays 11 Section 114. No Recourse Against Others 11 Section 115. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 12 Section 116. Judgment Currency; Submission to Jurisdiction and Consent to Service 12 Section 117. Securities in a Composite Currency, Currency Unit or Foreign Currency 12 ARTICLE II SECURITY FORMS 13 Section 201. Forms Generally 13 Section 202. Form of Legend for Global Securities 13 Section 203. Form of Trustee’s Certificate of Authentication 14 ARTICLE III THE SECURITIES 14 Section 301. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series 14 Section 302. Denominations 17 Section 303. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating 18 Section 304. Temporary Securities 19 Section 305. Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange 19 Section 306. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities 21 Section 307. Payment of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved 21 Section 308. Persons Deemed Owners 23 Section 309. Cancellation 24 Section 310. Computation of Interest 25 Section 311. CUSIP Numbers 25 Section 312. Original Issue Discount 25 ARTICLE IV SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 25 Section 401. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 25 Section 402. Application of Trust Money 26 ARTICLE V REMEDIES 27 Section 501. Events of Default 27 Section 502. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 28 Section 503. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee 29 Section 504. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 29 Section 505. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities 30 Section 506. Application of Money Collected 30 i Section 507. Limitation on Suits 30 Section 508. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium, and Interest and to Convert Securities 31 Section 509. Rights and Remedies Cumulative 31 Section 510. Delay or Omission Not Waiver 31 Section 511. Control by Holders 31 Section 512. Waiver of Past Defaults 31 Section 513. Undertaking for Costs 32 Section 514. Waiver of Usury, Stay or Extension Laws 32 Section 515. Restoration of Rights and Remedies 32 ARTICLE VI THE TRUSTEE 32 Section 601. Certain Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee 32 Section 602. Notice of Defaults 33 Section 603. Certain Rights of Trustee 34 Section 604. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities 35 Section 605. May Hold Securities 35 Section 606. Section 606. Money Held in Trust 35 Section 607. Compensation and Reimbursement 36 Section 608. Conflicting Interests 36 Section 609. Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility 37 Section 610. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor 37 Section 611. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 38 Section 612. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business 39 Section 613. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company 39 Section 614. Appointment of Authenticating Agent 39 ARTICLE VII HOLDERS’ LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE AND COMPANY 40 Section 701. Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders 40 Section 702. Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders 41 Section 703. Reports by Trustee 41 Section 704. Reports by Company 41 ARTICLE VIII CONSOLIDATION, MERGER AND SALE OF ASSETS 42 Section 801. Company May Merge or Transfer Assets Only on Certain Terms 42 Section 802. Successor Corporation Substituted 42 ARTICLE IX SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 42 Section 901. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 42 Section 902. Supplemental Indentures With Consent of Holders 44 Section 903. Execution of Supplemental Indentures 45 Section 904. Effect of Supplemental Indentures 45 Section 905. Conformity with Trust Indenture Act 45 Section 906. Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures 46 ARTICLE X COVENANTS 46 Section 1001. Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest 46 Section 1002. Corporate Existence 46 Section 1003. Maintenance of Office or Agency 46 Section 1004. Money for Securities Payments to Be Held in Trust 47 Section 1005. Payment of Additional Amounts 47 Section 1006. [Reserved] 49 Section 1007. Statement by Officers as to Default 49 Section 1008. Provision of Financial Information 49 Section 1009. Waiver of Certain Covenants 50 ii ARTICLE XI REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES 50 Section 1101. Applicability of Article 50 Section 1102. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee 50 Section 1103. Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed 50 Section 1104. Notice of Redemption 51 Section 1105. Deposit of Redemption Price 52 Section 1106. Securities Payable on Redemption Date 52 Section 1107. Securities Redeemed in Part 53 Section 1108. Redemption for Tax Purposes 53 ARTICLE XII SINKING FUNDS 53 Section 1201. Applicability of Article 53 Section 1202. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities 53 Section 1203. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund 54 ARTICLE XIII DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE 54 Section 1301. Company’s Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 54 Section 1302. Defeasance and Discharge 54 Section 1303. Covenant Defeasance 55 Section 1304. Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 55 Section 1305. Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust; Miscellaneous Provisions 56 Section 1306. Reinstatement 57 ARTICLE XIV REPAYMENT AT THE OPTION OF HOLDERS 57 Section 1401. Applicability of Article 57 Section 1402. Repayment of Securities 57 Section 1403. Exercise of Option 58 Section 1404. When Securities Presented for Repayment Become Due and Payable 58 Section 1405. Securities Repaid in Part 58 iii INDENTURE, dated as of December 5, 2024, between AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (herein called the “ Company ”), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States, as Trustee (herein called the “ Trustee ”). RECITALS OF THE COMPANY The Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture to provide for the issuance from time to time of its debt securities (herein called the “ Securities ”), to be issued in one or more series as in this Indenture provided. All things necessary to make this Indenture a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms, have been done. NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH: For and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Securities by the Holders thereof, it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Securities or of any series thereof, as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION Section 101. Definitions . For all purposes of this Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires: (1) the terms defined in this Article I have the meanings assigned to them in this Article I and include the plural as well as the singular; (2) all other terms used herein which are defined in the Trust Indenture Act, either directly or by reference therein, have the meanings assigned to them therein; (3) all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with GAAP; (4) unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to an “Article” or a “Section” refers to an Article or a Section, as the case may be, of this Indenture; (5) the words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision; (6) “including” means including without limitation; (7) “or” is inclusive; (8) references to statutes are to be construed as including all statutory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing the statute referred to; (9) when used with respect to any Security, the words “convert,” “converted” and “conversion” are intended to refer to the right of the Holder or the Company to convert or exchange such Security into or for securities or other property in accordance with such terms, if any, as may hereafter be specified for such Security as contemplated by Section 301, and these 1 words are not intended to refer to any right of the Holder or the Company to exchange such Security for other Securities of the same series and like tenor pursuant to Section 304, Section 305, Section 306, Section 906 or Section 1107 or another similar provisions of this Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires; and references herein to the terms of any Security that may be converted mean such terms as may be specified for such Security as contemplated in Section 301; (10) the words “federal” and “state” refer to the United States federal government and a state of the United States, respectively; and (11) unless otherwise provided, references to agreements and other instruments shall be deemed to include all amendments and other modifications to such agreements and instruments, but only to the extent such amendments and other modifications are not prohibited by the terms of this Indenture. “ Act ,” when used with respect to any Holder, has the meaning specified in Section 104. “ Additional Amounts ” has the meaning specified in Section 1005. “ Affiliate ” means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, “control” when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have meanings correlative to the foregoing. “ Applicable Procedures ” means, with respect to a Depositary, as to any matter at any time, the policies and procedures of such Depositary, if any, that are applicable to such matter at such time. “ Authenticating Agent ” means any Person authorized by the Trustee pursuant to Section 614 to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities of one or more series. “ Bankruptcy Law ” has the meaning specified in Section 501. “ Board of Directors ” means either the Board of Directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee of that Board of Directors. “ Board Resolution ” means a copy of one or more resolutions certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification and delivered to the Trustee. “ Business Day ” means, when used with respect to any Place of Payment, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301, any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, which is not a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or executive order to close or on which commercial banks in New York, New York or in the Place of Payment are authorized or required by law to close. “ Code ” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “ Commission ” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, from time to time constituted, created under the Exchange Act, or, if at any time after the execution of this Indenture such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture Act, then the body performing such duties at such time. 2 “ Company ” means the Person named as the “Company” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Company” shall mean such successor Person. “ Company Request ” or “ Company Order ” means a written request or order signed in the name of the Company by an Officer of the Company (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver Company Requests and Company Orders) and delivered to the Trustee. “ Corporate Trust Office ” means the principal office of the Trustee at which, at any particular time, its corporate trust business with respect to this Indenture shall be conducted (which office is located as of the date of this Indenture at 277 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10172, Attention: AppLovin Corporation – Notes Administrator , or at any other time at such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders). “ Covenant Defeasance ” has the meaning specified in Section 1303. “ Custodian ” has the meaning specified in Section 501. “ Default ” means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default. “ Defaulted Interest ” has the meaning specified in Section 307. “ Defeasance ” has the meaning specified in Section 1302. “ Depositary ” means, with respect to Securities of any series issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities, the Person that is designated to act as depositary for such Securities as contemplated by Section 305, and, unless otherwise provided with respect to any Security, any successor to such Person. If at any time there is more than one such Person, “Depositary” shall mean, with respect to any Securities, the depositary which has been appointed with respect to such Securities. “ Event of Default ” has the meaning specified in Section 501. “ Exchange Act ” means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time. “ Expiration Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 104. “ Foreign Currency ” means any currency, composite currency or currency unit issued by a government or governments other than the government of the United States of America including, without limitation, the euro. “ Foreign Government Obligations ” means, with respect to any Securities that are denominated in a Foreign Currency, (a) direct obligations of the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency for the payment of which obligations its full faith and credit is pledged or (b) obligations of a person controlled or supervised by or acting as an agency or instrumentality of such government the timely payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by such government, which, in either case under clauses (a) or (b), are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and shall also include a depositary receipt issued by a bank or trust company as custodian with respect to any such Foreign Government Obligation or a specific payment of interest on or principal of or other amount payable with respect to any such Foreign Government Obligation held by such custodian for the account of the holder of a depository receipt, provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depository receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Foreign Government Obligation or the specific payment of interest on or 3 principal of or other amount payable with respect to the Foreign Government Obligation evidenced by such depository receipt. “ GAAP ” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time. “ Global Security ” means a Security that evidences all or part of the Securities of any series and bears the legend set forth in Section 202 (or such legend as may be specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities). “ Holder ” means a Person in whose name a Security is registered in the Security Register. “ Indenture ” means this instrument as originally executed and as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof, including, to the extent that the Trust Indenture Act applies to this instrument or any supplemental indenture, the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are deemed to be part of and govern this instrument or any such supplemental indenture, respectively. The term “Indenture” shall also include the terms of particular series of Securities established as contemplated by Section 301. “ interest ” means, when used with respect to an Original Issue Discount Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity, interest payable after Maturity. “ Interest Payment Date ” means, when used with respect to any Security, the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such Security. “ Judgment Currency ” has the meaning specified in Section 116. “ Market Exchange Rate ” has the meaning specified in Section 117. “ Maturity ” means, when used with respect to any Security, the date on which the principal of such Security or an installment of principal becomes due and payable as therein or herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise. “ Notice of Default ” means a written notice of the kind specified in Section 501. “ Officer ” means the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate Treasurer, the Corporate Controller, the Chief Legal Officer or Secretary (or other senior executive of the Company with a similar role or title), of the Company. “ Officer’s Certificate ” means a certificate signed by an Officer of the Company (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver Officer’s Certificates) and delivered to the Trustee. “ Opinion of Counsel ” means a written opinion of counsel and who shall be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of the Company. Opinions of Counsel required to be delivered under this Indenture may have qualifications customary for opinions of the type required. “ Original Issue Discount Security ” means any Security which provides for an amount less than the principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 502. “ Outstanding ” means, when used with respect to Securities, as of the date of determination, all Securities theretofore authenticated and delivered under this Indenture, except: (1) Securities theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; 4 (2) Securities for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent (other than the Company) in trust or set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent) for the Holders of such Securities; provided that, if such Securities are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to this Indenture or provision therefor satisfactory to the Trustee has been made; (3) Securities as to which Defeasance has been effected pursuant to Section 1302; (4) Securities which have been paid pursuant to Section 306 or in exchange for or in lieu of which other Securities have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture, other than any such Securities in respect of which there shall have been presented to the Trustee proof satisfactory to it that such Securities are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Securities are valid obligations of the Company; and (5) Securities as to which any property deliverable upon conversion thereof has been delivered (or such delivery has been made available), or as to which any other particular conditions have been satisfied, in each case as may be provided for such Securities as contemplated in Section 301; provided , however , that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of the Outstanding Securities have given, made or taken any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action hereunder as of any date, (A) the principal amount of an Original Issue Discount Security which shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the amount of the principal thereof which would be due and payable as of such date upon acceleration of the Maturity thereof to such date pursuant to Section 502, (B) if, as of such date, the principal amount payable at the Stated Maturity of a Security is not determinable, the principal amount of such Security which shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the amount as specified or determined as contemplated by Section 301, (C) the principal amount of a Security denominated in one or more Foreign Currencies, composite currencies or currency units which shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the U.S. dollar equivalent, determined as of such date in the manner provided as contemplated by Section 301, of the principal amount of such Security (or, in the case of a Security described in clause (A) or (B) above, of the amount determined as provided in such clause), and (D) Securities owned by the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or of such other obligor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, only Securities which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Securities so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgee’s right so to act with respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or of such other obligor. “ Paying Agent ” means any Person authorized by the Company to pay the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Securities on behalf of the Company. The Company initially authorizes and appoints the Trustee as the Paying Agent for each series of the Securities. “ Person ” means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity. “ Place of Payment ” means, when used with respect to the Securities of any series, the place or places where the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Securities of such series are payable as specified as contemplated by Section 301. “ Predecessor Security ” means, with respect to any particular Security, every previous Security evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Security; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Security authenticated and delivered under Section 306 in exchange for or in 5 lieu of a mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security. “ Redemption Date ” means, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant to this Indenture. “ Redemption Price ” means, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, the price at which it is to be redeemed pursuant to this Indenture. “ Regular Record Date ” means, for the interest payable on any Interest Payment Date on the Securities of any series, the date specified for that purpose as contemplated by Section 301. “ Repayment Date ” means, when used with respect to a Security to be repaid at the option of a Holder, the date fixed for such repayment by or pursuant to this Indenture. “ Required Currency ” has the meaning specified in Section 116. “ Responsible Officer ” means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant secretary, senior associate, associate, trust officer, or any other officer associated with the corporate trust department of the Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers, and also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such person’s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject, and in each case, who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture. “ Securities ” has the meaning specified in the first recital of this Indenture and more particularly means any Securities authenticated and delivered under this Indenture. “ Securities Act ” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time. “ Security Register ” and “ Security Registrar ” have the respective meanings specified in Section 305. “ Special Record Date ” means, for the payment of any Defaulted Interest, a date fixed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 307. “ Stated Maturity ” means, when used with respect to any Security or any installment of principal thereof or interest thereon, the date specified in such Security as the fixed date on which the principal of such Security or such installment of principal or interest is due and payable. “ Subsidiary ” of any specified person means any corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of capital stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. “ Successor ” has the meaning specified in Section 801. “ Taxes ” has the meaning specified in Section 1005. “ Taxing Jurisdiction ” has the meaning specified in Section 1005. “ Trust Indenture Act ” means the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in force at the date as of which this Indenture was executed; provided , however , that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended 6 after such date, “Trust Indenture Act” means, to the extent required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as so amended. “ Trustee ” means the Person named as the “Trustee” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Trustee” shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such Person, “Trustee” as used with respect to the Securities of any series shall mean the Trustee with respect to Securities of that series. “ U.S. Government Obligation ” has the meaning specified in Section 1304(1). “ Vice President ” means, when used with respect to the Company or the Trustee, any vice president, whether or not designated by a number or a word or words added before or after the title “vice president.” Section 102. Compliance Certificates and Opinions . Upon any application or request by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any provision of this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with and an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with, except that in the case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of such documents is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture relating to such particular application or request, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished by the Company. Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (except for certificates provided for in Section 1007) shall include: (1) a statement that each individual signing such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein relating thereto; (2) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based; (3) a statement that, in the opinion of each such individual, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and (4) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such individual, such condition or covenant has been complied with. Section 103. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee . In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents. Any certificate or opinion of an Officer (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver the Securities) may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such Officer (or any such Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver the Securities) knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which such Officer’s (or such Person’s) certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, 7 upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an Officer or Officers of the Company (or any Person or Persons designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver the Securities) stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Company, unless such counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous. Counsel delivering an Opinion of Counsel may also rely as to factual matters on certificates of governmental or other officials customary for opinions of the type required. Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument. Section 104. Acts of Holders; Record Dates . Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided or permitted by this Indenture to be given, made or taken by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the “ Act ” of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and, subject to Section 601, conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company, if made in the manner provided in this Section 104. The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved in any manner which the Trustee reasonably deems sufficient. Where such execution is by a Person acting in a capacity other than such Person’s individual capacity, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of such Person’s authority. The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner which the Trustee deems sufficient. The ownership of Securities shall be proved by the Security Register. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of the Holder of any Security shall bind every future Holder of the same Security and the Holder of every Security issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Company in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Security. The Company may set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders of Outstanding Securities of any series entitled to give, make or take any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided or permitted by this Indenture to be given, made or taken by Holders of Securities of such series; provided that the Company may not set a record date for, and the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply with respect to, the giving or making of any notice, declaration, request or direction referred to in the next paragraph. If any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Holders of Outstanding Securities of the relevant series on such record date, and no other Holders, shall be entitled to take the relevant action, whether or not such Holders remain Holders after such record date; provided that no such action shall be effective hereunder unless taken on or prior to the applicable Expiration Date by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Securities of such series on such record date. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to prevent the Company from setting a new record date for any action for which a record date has previously been set pursuant to this paragraph (whereupon the record date previously set shall automatically and with no action by any Person be cancelled and of no effect), and nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to render ineffective any action taken by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Securities of the relevant series on the date such action is taken. Promptly after any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Company, at its own expense, shall cause 8 notice of such record date, the proposed action by Holders and the applicable Expiration Date to be given to the Trustee in writing and to each Holder of Securities of the relevant series in the manner set forth in Section 105 and Section 106. The Trustee may set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders of Outstanding Securities of any series entitled to join in the giving or making of (i) any Notice of Default, (ii) any declaration of acceleration referred to in Section 502, (iii) any request to institute proceedings referred to in Section 507(2) or (iv) any direction referred to in Section 511, in each case with respect to Securities of such series. If any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Holders of Outstanding Securities of such series on such record date, and no other Holders, shall be entitled to join in such notice, declaration, request or direction, whether or not such Holders remain Holders after such record date; provided that no such action shall be effective hereunder unless taken on or prior to the applicable Expiration Date by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Securities of such series on such record date. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to prevent the Trustee from setting a new record date for any action for which a record date has previously been set pursuant to this paragraph (whereupon the record date previously set shall automatically and with no action by any Person be cancelled and of no effect), and nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to render ineffective any action taken by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Securities of the relevant series on the date such action is taken. Promptly after any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Trustee, at the Company’s expense, shall cause notice of such record date, the proposed action by Holders and the applicable Expiration Date to be given to the Company in writing and to each Holder of Securities of the relevant series in the manner set forth in Section 105 and Section 106. With respect to any record date set pursuant to this Section 104, the party hereto which sets such record dates may designate any day as the “ Expiration Date ” and from time to time may change the Expiration Date to any earlier or later day; provided that no such change shall be effective unless notice of the proposed new Expiration Date is given to the other party hereto in writing, and to each Holder of Securities of the relevant series in the manner set forth in Section 106, on or prior to the existing Expiration Date. If an Expiration Date is not designated with respect to any record date set pursuant to this Section 104, the party hereto which set such record date shall be deemed to have initially designated the 180th day after such record date as the Expiration Date with respect thereto, subject to its right to change the Expiration Date as provided in this paragraph. Without limiting the foregoing, a Holder entitled hereunder to take any action hereunder with regard to any particular Security may do so with regard to all or any part of the principal amount of such Security or by one or more duly appointed agents each of which may do so pursuant to such appointment with regard to all or any part of such principal amount. Section 105. Notices, Etc . , to Trustee and Company . Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or Act of Holders or other document provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with, (1) the Trustee by any Holder or by the Company shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in writing (which may be by facsimile) to or with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office at the location specified in Section 101; or (2) the Company by the Trustee or by any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to the Company addressed to the attention of the Secretary of the Company at the address of the Company’s principal office specified in writing to the Trustee by the Company and, until further notice, at AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, Attention: Corporate Secretary, with a copy to: AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, Attention: Chief Financial Officer. 9 In addition to the foregoing, the Trustee agrees to accept and act upon notice, instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by unsecured e-mail or other similar unsecured electronic methods. If the party elects to give the Trustee e-mail or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Trustee’s understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustee’s reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The party providing electronic instructions agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk or interception and misuse by third parties. Section 106. Notice to Holders; Waiver . Where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, sent by overnight courier or hand delivery, transmitted by email or transmitted by facsimile transmission to each Holder affected by such event, at such Holder’s address as it appears in the Security Register, not later than the latest date, if any, and not earlier than the earliest date, if any, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders. Any notice when mailed to a Holder in the aforesaid manner shall be conclusively deemed to have been received by such Holder whether or not actually received by such Holder. Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver. Where this Indenture provides for notice of any event to a Holder of a Global Security, such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary for such Security (or its designee), pursuant to the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary, not later than the latest date, if any, and not earlier than the earliest date, if any, prescribed for the giving of such notice. Section 107. C onflict with Trust Indenture Act . To the extent the Trust Indenture Act applies to this Indenture or any supplemental indenture, if any provision of this Indenture or such supplemental indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with a provision of the Trust Indenture Act that is required under such Act to be a part of and govern this Indenture or such supplemental indenture, the latter provision shall control. If any provision of this Indenture or such supplemental indenture modifies or excludes any provision of the Trust Indenture Act that may be so modified or excluded, the latter provision shall be deemed to apply to this Indenture or such supplemental indenture as so modified or to be excluded, as the case may be. Section 108. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents . The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. Section 109. Successors and Assigns . All covenants and agreements in this Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 10 Section 110. Separability Clause . In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Securities shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Section 111. Benefits of Indenture . Nothing in this Indenture or in the Securities, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder and the Holders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture. Section 112. Governing Law . This Indenture and the Securities shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. Section 113. Legal Holidays . In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Repayment Date or Stated Maturity of any Security, or any date on which a Holder has the right to convert such Holder’s Security, shall not be a Business Day at any Place of Payment, then (notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or of the Securities (other than a provision of any Security which specifically states that such provision shall apply in lieu of this Section 113)) payment of principal and premium, if any, or interest, or the Redemption Price or conversion of such Security, shall not be made at such Place of Payment on such date, but shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day at such Place of Payment with the same force and effect as if made on the Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or Repayment Date, or at the Stated Maturity, or on such conversion date. In the case, however, of Securities of a series bearing interest at a floating rate based on the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (SOFR) or a successor or substitute rate therefor, if any Interest Payment Date (other than the Redemption Date, Repayment Date or Stated Maturity) would otherwise be a date that is not a Business Day, then the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the following date which is a Business Day, unless that Business Day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date will be the Business Day immediately preceding the scheduled Interest Payment Date. No interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Repayment Date, Stated Maturity or conversion date, as the case may be, to the date of such payment. Section 114. No Recourse Against Others . No recourse shall be had for the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest, if any, on any Security of any series, or for any claim based thereon, or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of this Indenture, against any incorporator, shareholder, officer or director, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, either directly or indirectly through the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law or by the enforcement of any assessment of penalty or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that this Indenture and all the Securities of each series are solely corporate obligations, and that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, or is incurred by, any incorporator, shareholder, officer or director, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor corporation of the Company, either directly or indirectly through the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, because of the incurring of the indebtedness hereby authorized or under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements contained in this Indenture or in any of the Securities of any series, or to be implied herefrom or therefrom; and that all such personal liability is hereby expressly released and waived as a condition of, and as part of the consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issuance of the Securities of each series. 11 Section 115. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND EACH HOLDER OF A SECURITY BY ITS ACCEPTANCE THEREOF HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING AS AMONG OR BETWEEN THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND/OR A HOLDER OF A SECURITY ONLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE OR THE SECURITIES. Section 116. Judgment Currency; Submission to Jurisdiction and Consent to Service . The Company agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, that (a) if for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert the sum due in respect of the principal of or interest on the Securities of any series (the “Required Currency”) into a currency in which a judgment will be rendered (the “Judgment Currency”), the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Trustee for such Securities could purchase in the City of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency at 10:00 A.M. New York City time, or as close to such time as is reasonably practicable, on the day on which final unappealable judgment is entered, unless such day is not a New York Banking Day, then, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures such Trustee could purchase in The City of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency at 10:00 A.M. New York City time, or as close to such time as is reasonably practicable, on the New York Banking Day preceding the day on which final unappealable judgment is entered and (b) its obligations under this Indenture to make payments in the Required Currency (i) shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender, or any recovery pursuant to any judgment (whether or not entered in accordance with this Subsection (a)), in any currency other than the Required Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery shall result in the actual receipt, by the payee, of the full amount of the Required Currency expressed to be payable in respect of such payments, (ii) shall be enforceable as an alternative or additional cause of action for the purpose of recovering in the Required Currency the amount, if any, by which such actual receipt shall fall short of the full amount of the Required Currency so expressed to be payable and (iii) shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other sum due under this Indenture. For purposes of the foregoing, “New York Banking Day” means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday in the City of New York or a day on which banking institutions in the City of New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to close. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York or any federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York in respect of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture and the Securities, and irrevocably accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. The Company irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in an inconvenient forum. The Company agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company, and may be enforced in any courts to the jurisdiction of which the Company is subject by a suit upon such judgment, provided, that service of process is effected upon the Company in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law. Section 117. Securities in a Composite Currency, Currency Unit or Foreign Currency . Unless otherwise provided pursuant to Section 301 of this Indenture with respect to a particular series of Securities, whenever for purposes of this Indenture any consent, notice, waiver or other action may be taken or given by the Holders of a specified percentage in aggregate principal amount of Securities of one or more series at the time outstanding and, at such time, all the outstanding Securities of such series are not denominated in the same currency or currency unit or are denominated in a Foreign Currency, then the principal amount (which, in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities, shall be determined as provided in the definition of “Outstanding” in Section 101 hereof) of Securities of such series which shall be deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of giving any consent, notice or waiver or taking any other action under 12 this Indenture or the Securities of such series shall be (except in the case of any such Securities denominated in Dollars) that amount of Dollars that could be obtained for such principal amount (or other amount, as the case may be) at the Market Exchange Rate at such time. For purposes of this Section 117, “Market Exchange Rate” shall mean the noon Dollar buying rate in New York City for cable transfers of such currency or currencies as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as of the most recent available date. If such Market Exchange Rate is not available for any reason with respect to any such currency, the Company shall use, in its sole discretion, such quotation of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as of the most recent available date, or quotations or rates of exchange from one or more major banks in The City of New York or in the country of issue of the currency in question, which for purposes of euros shall be Brussels, Belgium, or such other quotations or rates of exchange as the Company shall deem appropriate. The Company may, at its option, appoint an agent to obtain the Market Exchange Rate (or alternative rate) and to perform the relevant calculations with respect to any Securities denominated in a currency or currencies other than Dollars. All decisions and determinations of the Company or any such agent regarding the Market Exchange Rate or any alternative determination provided for in the preceding paragraph shall be in its sole discretion and shall, in the absence of manifest error, to the extent permitted by law, be conclusive for all purposes and irrevocably binding upon the Company and all Holders. ARTICLE II SECURITY FORMS Section 201. Forms Generally . The Securities of each series shall be in substantially such form or forms as shall be established by or pursuant to a Board Resolution or, subject to Section 303, set forth in, or determined in the manner provided in, an Officer’s Certificate pursuant to a Board Resolution, or in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in each case with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with applicable tax laws or the rules of any securities exchange or Depositary therefor or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the Officer (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver the Securities) executing such Securities, as evidenced by his or her execution thereof. If the form of Securities of any series is established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Company Order contemplated by Section 303 for the authentication and delivery of such Securities. If all of the Securities of any series established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution are not to be issued at one time, it shall not be necessary to deliver a record of such action at the time of issuance of each Security of such series, but an appropriate record of such action shall be delivered at or before the time of issuance of the first Security of such series. The definitive Securities shall be printed, lithographed or engraved or may be produced in any other manner, all as determined by the Officer (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver the Securities) executing such Securities, as evidenced by his or her execution of such Securities. Section 202. Form of Legend for Global Securities . Unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for the Securities evidenced thereby or as required by Applicable Procedures, every Global Security authenticated and delivered hereunder shall bear a legend in substantially the following form: [ Insert, if applicable — UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“ DTC ”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR 13 PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF.] [ Insert, if applicable — THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE.] Section 203. Form of Trustee ’ s Certificate of Authentication . The Trustee’s certificates of authentication shall be in substantially the following form: This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. Dated: Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee By: Authorized Signatory ARTICLE III THE SECURITIES Section 301. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series . The aggregate principal amount of Securities which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited. The Securities may be issued in one or more series. There shall be established in or pursuant to (a) a Board Resolution or pursuant to authority granted by a Board Resolution and, subject to Section 303, set forth, or determined in the manner provided, in an Officer’s Certificate, or (b) one or more indentures supplemental hereto, prior to the issuance of Securities of any series: (1) the title of the Securities of the series (which shall distinguish the Securities of the series from Securities of any other series); (2) the limit, if any, on the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of the series which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture (except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities of the series pursuant to Section 304, Section 305, Section 306, Section 14 906, Section 1107 or Section 1405 and except for any Securities which, pursuant to Section 303, are deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered hereunder); provided, however, that the authorized aggregate principal amount of such series may from time to time be increased above such amount by a Board Resolution to such effect; (3) the price or prices at which the Securities will be sold; (4) the Person to whom any interest on a Security of the series shall be payable, if other than the Person in whose name that Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest; (5) the date or dates on which the principal and premium, if any, of any Securities of the series is payable or the method used to determine or extend those dates; (6) the rate or rates at which any Securities of the series shall bear interest, if any, or the method by which such rate or rates shall be determined, the date or dates from which any such interest shall accrue, or the method by which such date or dates shall be determined, the Interest Payment Dates on which any such interest shall be payable and the Regular Record Date, if any, for any such interest payable on any Interest Payment Date, or the method by which such date or dates shall be determined, and the basis upon which interest shall be calculated if other than that of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months, the right, if any, to extend or defer interest payments and the duration of such extension or deferral; (7) the place or places where the principal of and any premium and interest on any Securities of the series shall be payable, the place or places where the Securities of such series may be presented for registration of transfer or exchange, the place or places where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such series may be made and the manner in which any payment may be made; (8) the period or periods within which or the date or dates on which, the price or prices at which, the currency or currency units in which, and the terms and conditions upon which any Securities of the series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company and, if other than by a Board Resolution, the manner in which any election by the Company to redeem the Securities shall be evidenced; (9) the obligation or the right, if any, of the Company to redeem or purchase any Securities of the series pursuant to any sinking fund, amortization, special mandatory redemption or analogous provisions or at the option of the Holder thereof and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which, the currency or currency units in which, and the terms and conditions upon which any Securities of the series shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation; (10) if other than minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, the denominations in which any Securities of the series shall be issuable; (11) if other than the Trustee, the identity of each Security Registrar and/or Paying Agent; (12) if the amount of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Securities of the series may be determined with reference to a financial or economic measure or index or pursuant to a formula, the manner in which such amounts shall be determined; (13) if other than the currency of the United States of America, the currency, currencies or currency units in which the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Securities of the series shall be payable and the manner of determining the equivalent thereof in the 15 currency of the United States of America for any purpose, including for purposes of the definition of “Outstanding” in Section 101; (14) if the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Securities of the series is to be payable, at the election of the Company or the Holder thereof, in one or more currencies or currency units other than that or those in which such Securities are stated to be payable, the currency, currencies or currency units in which the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on such Securities as to which such election is made shall be payable, the periods within which or the dates on which and the terms and conditions upon which such election is to be made and the amount so payable (or the manner in which such amount shall be determined); (15) if the provisions of Section 401 relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture shall apply to the Securities of that series; or if provisions for the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture other than as set forth in Section 401 shall apply to the Securities of that series; (16) if other than the entire principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of any Securities of the series which shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 502 or the method by which such portion shall be determined; (17) if the principal amount payable at the Stated Maturity of any Securities of the series will not be determinable as of any one or more dates prior to the Stated Maturity, the amount which shall be deemed to be the principal amount of such Securities as of any such date for any purpose thereunder or hereunder, including the principal amount thereof which shall be due and payable upon any Maturity other than the Stated Maturity or which shall be deemed to be Outstanding as of any date prior to the Stated Maturity (or, in any such case, the manner in which such amount deemed to be the principal amount shall be determined); (18) whether and under what circumstances the Company will pay Additional Amounts on the Securities of the series held by a person in respect of any Taxes withheld or deducted and, if so, whether the Company will have the option to redeem such Securities rather than pay such Additional Amounts; (19) if other than by a Board Resolution, the manner in which any election by the Company to defease any Securities of the series pursuant to Section 1302 or Section 1303 shall be evidenced; whether any Securities of the series other than Securities denominated in U.S. dollars and bearing interest at a fixed rate are to be subject to Section 1302 or Section 1303; or, in the case of Securities denominated in U.S. dollars and bearing interest at a fixed rate, if applicable, that the Securities of the series, in whole or any specified part, shall not be defeasible pursuant to Section 1302 or Section 1303 or both such Sections; (20) if applicable, that any Securities of the series shall be issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities and, in such case, the respective Depositaries for such Global Securities, the form of any legend or legends which shall be borne by any such Global Security in addition to or in lieu of that set forth in Section 202 and any circumstances in addition to or in lieu of those set forth in clause (2) of the last paragraph of Section 305 in which any such Global Security may be exchanged in whole or in part for Securities registered, and any transfer of such Global Security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name or names of Persons other than the Depositary for such Global Security or a nominee thereof; (21) any addition to, deletion from or change in the Events of Default which applies to any Securities of the series and any change in the right of the Trustee or the requisite Holders 16 of such Securities to declare the principal amount thereof due and payable pursuant to Section 502; (22) any addition to, deletion from or change in the covenants set forth in Article X which applies to Securities of the series; (23) the terms of any right to convert or exchange Securities of such series into any other securities or property of the Company or of any other corporation or Person, and the additions or changes, if any, to this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series to permit or facilitate such conversion or exchange; (24) whether the Securities of the series will be guaranteed by any Person or Persons and, if so, the identity of such Person or Persons, the terms and conditions upon which such Securities shall be guaranteed and, if applicable, the terms and conditions upon which such guarantees may be subordinated to other indebtedness of the respective guarantors; (25) whether the Securities of the series will be secured by any collateral and, if so, the terms and conditions upon which such Securities shall be secured and, if applicable, upon which such liens may be subordinated to other liens securing other indebtedness of the Company or any guarantor; (26) whether the Securities will be issued in a transaction registered under the Securities Act and any restriction or condition on the transferability of the Securities of such series; (27) the exchanges, if any, on which the Securities may be listed; and (28) any other terms of the series (which terms shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, except as permitted by Section 901). All Securities of any one series shall be substantially identical except as to denomination and except as may otherwise be provided in or pursuant to the Board Resolution referred to above or pursuant to authority granted by one or more Board Resolutions and, subject to Section 303, set forth, or determined in the manner provided, in the Officer’s Certificate referred to above or in any such indenture supplemental hereto. All Securities of any one series need not be issued at one time and, unless otherwise provided in or pursuant to the Board Resolution referred to above and, subject to Section 303, set forth, or determined in the manner provided, in the Officer’s Certificate referred to above or pursuant to authority granted by one or more Board Resolutions or in any such indenture supplemental hereto with respect to a series of Securities, additional Securities of a series may be issued, at the option of the Company, without the consent of any Holder, at any time and from time to time; provided that if the additional Securities are not fungible with the outstanding Securities of the applicable series for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the additional Securities will have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. If any of the terms of the series are established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Officer’s Certificate setting forth the terms of the series. Section 302. Denominations . The Securities of each series shall be issuable only in registered form without coupons and only in such denominations as shall be specified as contemplated by Section 301. In the absence of any such specified denomination with respect to the Securities of any series, the Securities of such series shall be issuable in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 17 Section 303. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating . The Securities shall be executed on behalf of the Company by an Officer of the Company (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver the Securities). The signature of any of these officers on the Securities may be manual or facsimile. Electronic signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature provider identified by any other party hereto and acceptable to the Trustee) shall be deemed original signatures for all purposes. Each other party to this Indenture assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and electronic methods to send Notices to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized Notice and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may in any instance and in its sole discretion require that a Notice in the form of an original document bearing a manual signature be delivered to the Trustee in lieu of, or in addition to, any such electronic Notice. Securities bearing the manual, electronic or facsimile signatures of individuals who were at any time the proper officers of the Company shall bind the Company, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the authentication and delivery of such Securities or did not hold such offices at the date of such Securities. At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Securities of any series executed by the Company to the Trustee for authentication, together with an Officer’s Certificate and a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of such Securities, and the Trustee in accordance with the Company Order shall authenticate and deliver such Securities. If the form or terms of the Securities of the series have been established by or pursuant to one or more Board Resolutions or pursuant to authority granted by one or more Board Resolutions as permitted by Section 201 and Section 301, in authenticating such Securities, and accepting the additional responsibilities under this Indenture in relation to such Securities, the Trustee shall be provided with, and, subject to Section 601, shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating, (1) if the form of such Securities has been established by or pursuant to Board Resolution or pursuant to authority granted by one or more Board Resolutions as permitted by Section 201, that such form has been established in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture; (2) if the terms of such Securities have been established by or pursuant to Board Resolution or pursuant to authority granted by one or more Board Resolutions as permitted by Section 301, that such terms have been established in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture; and (3) that such Securities, when authenticated by the Trustee and issued and delivered by the Company in the manner and subject to any conditions specified in such Opinion of Counsel, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights generally, (ii) general equitable principles and (iii) an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. If such form or terms have been so established, the Trustee shall not be required to authenticate such Securities if the issue of such Securities pursuant to this Indenture will adversely affect the Trustee’s own rights, duties or immunities under the Securities and this Indenture or otherwise in a manner which is not reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 301 and of the preceding paragraph of this Section 303, if all Securities of a series are not to be originally issued at one time, including in the event that the aggregate principal amount of a series of Outstanding Securities is increased as contemplated by Section 301, it shall not be necessary to deliver the Officer’s Certificate, Board Resolution or supplemental indenture otherwise 18 required pursuant to Section 301 or the Company Order and Opinion of Counsel otherwise required pursuant to this Section 303 at or prior to the authentication of each Security of such series if such documents are delivered at or prior to the authentication upon original issuance of the first Security of such series to be issued. Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication. No Security shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Security a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein executed by the Trustee by manual signature, and such certificate upon any Security shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Security has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Security shall have been authenticated and delivered hereunder but never issued and sold by the Company, and the Company shall deliver such Security to the Trustee for cancellation as provided in Section 309, for all purposes of this Indenture such Security shall be deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered hereunder and shall never be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture. Section 304. Temporary Securities . Pending the preparation of definitive Securities of any series, the Company may execute, and, upon Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, temporary Securities which are printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise produced, in any authorized denomination, substantially of the tenor of the definitive Securities of such series in lieu of which they are issued and with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as the officers executing such Securities may determine, as evidenced by their execution of such Securities. If temporary Securities of any series are issued, the Company will cause definitive Securities of such series to be prepared without unreasonable delay. After the preparation of definitive Securities of such series, the temporary Securities of such series shall be exchangeable for definitive Securities of such series upon surrender of the temporary Securities of such series at the office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment for such series, without charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary Securities of any series, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall, upon Company Order, authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor one or more definitive Securities of the same series, of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and aggregate principal amount. Until so exchanged, the temporary Securities of any series shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Securities of such series and tenor. Section 305. Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange . The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee a register (the register maintained in such office and in any other office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment being herein sometimes collectively referred to as the “ Security Register ”) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Securities and of transfers of Securities. The Trustee is hereby appointed “ Security Registrar ” for the purpose of registering Securities and transfers of Securities as herein provided. To the extent required by applicable law, upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Security of a series at the office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment for such series, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon Company Order, shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Securities of the same series, of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and principal amount. At the option of the Holder, Securities of any series may be exchanged for other Securities of the same series, of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and principal amount, upon surrender of the Securities to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Securities are so surrendered for exchange, 19 the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon Company Order, shall authenticate and deliver, the Securities which the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive. All Securities issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Securities surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange. Every Security presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange shall (if so required by the Company or the Trustee) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed, by the Holder thereof or such Holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing. No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 304, Section 906, Section 1107 or Section 1405 not involving any transfer. If the Securities of any series (or of any series and specified tenor) are to be redeemed in part, the Company shall not be required (A) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange any Securities of such series (or of such series and specified tenor, as the case may be) during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of the mailing of a notice of redemption of any such Securities selected for redemption under Section 1103 and ending at the close of business on the day of such mailing, or (B) to register the transfer of or exchange any Security so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Security being redeemed in part. The provisions of clauses (1), (2), (3) and (4) of this paragraph shall apply only to Global Securities: (1) Each Global Security authenticated under this Indenture shall be registered in the name of the Depositary designated for such Global Security or a nominee thereof and delivered to such Depositary or a nominee thereof or custodian therefor, and each such Global Security shall constitute a single Security for all purposes of this Indenture. (2) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, and subject to such applicable provisions, if any, as may be specified as contemplated by Section 301, no Global Security may be exchanged in whole or in part for Securities registered, and no transfer of a Global Security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than the Depositary for such Global Security or a nominee thereof unless (A) such Depositary has notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable or no longer permitted under applicable law to continue as Depositary for such Global Security, (B) there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to such Global Security, (C) the Company so directs the Trustee by a Company Order or (D) there shall exist such circumstances, if any, in addition to or in lieu of the foregoing as have been specified for this purpose as contemplated by Section 301. (3) Subject to clause (2) above, and subject to such applicable provisions, if any, as may be specified as contemplated by Section 301, any exchange of a Global Security for other Securities may be made in whole or in part, and all Securities issued in exchange for a Global Security or any portion thereof shall be registered in such names as the Depositary for such Global Security shall direct. (4) Every Security authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for or in lieu of, a Global Security or any portion thereof, whether pursuant to this Section 305, Section 304, Section 306, Section 906, Section 1107 or Section 1405 or otherwise, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Security, unless 20 such Security is registered in the name of a Person other than the Depositary for such Global Security or a nominee thereof. The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Security (including any transfers between or among Depositary participants or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Security) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof. Neither the Trustee nor any agent of the Trustee shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary. Section 306. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities . If any mutilated Security is surrendered to the Trustee, the Company shall execute and the Trustee, upon Company Order, shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a new Security of the same series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding and shall cancel and dispose of such mutilated security in accordance with its customary procedures. If there shall be delivered to the Company and the Trustee (1) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Security and (2) such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them and any agent of either of them harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Company or the Trustee that such Security has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall execute and the Trustee, upon Company Order, shall authenticate and deliver, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Security, a new Security of the same series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding. In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security has become or is about to become due and payable, the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Security, pay such Security. Upon the issuance of any new Security under this Section 306, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of counsel to the Company and the fees and expenses of the Trustee and its counsel) connected therewith. Every new Security of any series issued pursuant to this Section 306 in lieu of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Securities of such series duly issued hereunder. The provisions of this Section 306 are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities. Section 307. Payment of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved . Except as otherwise provided as contemplated by Section 301 with respect to any series of Securities, interest on any Security which is payable, and is punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name that Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest. 21 Any interest on any Security of any series which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date (herein called “ Defaulted Interest ”) shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant Regular Record Date by virtue of having been such Holder, and such Defaulted Interest may be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided in clause (1) or (2) below: (1) The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest payable on Securities of a series to the Persons in whose names the Securities of such series (or their respective Predecessor Securities) are registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed to be paid on each Security of such series and the date of the proposed payment, and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount proposed to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Interest or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Interest as in this clause provided. Thereupon the Company shall fix a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment and the Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of such Special Record Date. The Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date therefor to be given to each Holder of Securities of such series in the manner set forth in Section 106, not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date therefor having been so mailed, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Securities of such series (or their respective Predecessor Securities) are registered at the close of business on such Special Record Date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause (2). (2) The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Interest on the Securities of any series in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which such Securities may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 307, each Security delivered under this Indenture upon registration of transfer of or in exchange for or in lieu of any other Security shall carry the rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried by such other Security. In the case of any Security which is converted after any Regular Record Date and on or prior to the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (other than any Security whose Maturity is prior to such Interest Payment Date), interest whose Stated Maturity is on such Interest Payment Date shall be payable on such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding such conversion, and such interest (whether or not punctually paid or made available for payment) shall be paid to the Person in whose name that Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on such Regular Record Date. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the immediately preceding sentence, in the case of any Security which is converted, interest whose Stated Maturity is after the date of conversion of such Security shall not be payable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of any Security that may be converted may provide that the provisions of this paragraph do not apply, or apply with such additions, changes or omissions as may be provided thereby, to such Security. 22 Section 308. Persons Deemed Owners . Prior to due presentment of a Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name such Security is registered as the owner of such Security for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and premium, if any, and, subject to Section 307, any interest on such Security and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary. None of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Security Registrar shall have any responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner in a Global Security, a Depositary participant or other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records of the Depositary or its nominee or of any Depositary participant, with respect to any ownership interest in the Securities or with respect to the delivery to any Depositary participant, beneficial owner or other Person (other than the Depositary) of any notice (including any notice of redemption) or the payment of any amount, under or with respect to such Securities. All notices and communications to be given to the Securityholders and all payments to be made to Securityholders under the Securities and this Indenture shall be given or made only to or upon the order of the registered holders (which shall be the Depositary or its nominee in the case of the Global Security). The rights of beneficial owners in the Global Security shall be exercised only through the Depositary subject to the applicable procedures. The Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Security Registrar shall be entitled to rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by the Depositary with respect to its members, participants and any beneficial owners. The Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Security Registrar shall be entitled to deal with the Depositary, and any nominee thereof, that is the registered holder of any Global 23 Security for all purposes of this Indenture relating to such Global Security (including the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest and additional amounts, if any, and the giving of instructions or directions by or to the owner or holder of a beneficial ownership interest in such Global Security) as the sole holder of such Global Security and shall have no obligations to the beneficial owners thereof. None of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Security Registrar shall have any responsibility or liability for any acts or omissions of the Depositary with respect to such Global Security, for the records of any such depositary, including records in respect of beneficial ownership interests in respect of any such Global Security, for any transactions between the Depositary and any Depositary participant or between or among the Depositary, any such Depositary participant and/or any holder or owner of a beneficial interest in such Global Security, or for any transfers of beneficial interests in any such Global Security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Global Security, nothing herein shall prevent the Company, the Trustee, or any agent of the Company or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by any Depositary (or its nominee), as a Holder, with respect to such Global Security or shall impair, as between such Depositary and owners of beneficial interests in such Global Security, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of such Depositary (or its nominee) as Holder of such Global Security. Section 309. Cancellation . All Securities surrendered for payment, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion or for credit against any sinking fund payment shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the 24 Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee and shall be promptly cancelled by it. The Company may at any time deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Company may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and may deliver to the Trustee (or to any other Person for delivery to the Trustee) for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated hereunder which the Company has not issued and sold, and all Securities so delivered shall be promptly cancelled by the Trustee. No Securities shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Securities cancelled as provided in this Section 309, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All cancelled Securities held by the Trustee shall be disposed of in accordance with its customary procedures. The Trustee shall provide the Company a list of all Securities that have been cancelled from time to time as requested by the Company. Section 310. Computation of Interest . Except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for Securities of any series, interest on the Securities of each series shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Section 311. CUSIP Numbers . The Company in issuing any series of the Securities may use “CUSIP” or “ISIN” numbers and/or other similar numbers, if then generally in use, and thereafter with respect to such series, the Trustee may use such numbers in any notice of redemption with respect to such series; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Securities of such series or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Securities of such series, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. Section 312. Original Issue Discount . If any of the Securities is an Original Issue Discount Security, the Company shall file with the Trustee promptly at the end of each calendar year (1) a written notice specifying the amount of original issue discount (including daily rates and accrual periods) accrued on such Outstanding Original Issue Discount Securities as of the end of such year and (2) such other specific information relating to such original issue discount as may then be relevant under the Code. ARTICLE IV SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE Section 401. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture . This Indenture shall, upon Company Request, cease to be of further effect with respect to any series of Securities specified in such Company Request (except as to any surviving rights of registration of transfer or exchange of Securities of such series and certain rights of the Trustee herein expressly provided for), and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute such instruments reasonably requested by the Company acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture as to such series, when: (1) either (A) all Securities of such series theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (i) Securities which have been mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 306 and (ii) Securities for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 1004) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or 25 (B) all such Securities of such series not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation (i) have become due and payable, or (ii) will become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year of the date of deposit, or (iii) are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company, and the Company, in the case of (i), (ii) or (iii) above, has deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for such purpose money in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Securities not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for principal and premium, if any, and interest to the date of such deposit (in the case of Securities which have become due and payable) or to the Stated Maturity or Redemption Date, as the case may be; (2) the Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company; and (3) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture as to such series have been complied with. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 607 and, if money shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to subclause (B) of clause (1) of this Section 401, the obligations of the Trustee under Section 402 and the last paragraph of Section 1004 shall survive such satisfaction and discharge. Section 402. Application of Trust Money . Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 1004, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 401 shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable series of Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal and premium, if any, and interest for whose payment such money has been deposited with the Trustee. All money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 401 (and held by it or any Paying Agent) for the payment of Securities subsequently converted into other property shall be returned to the Company upon Company Request. The Company may direct, by a Company Order, the investment of any money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 401, without distinction between principal and income, in (1) United States Treasury securities with a maturity of one year or less or (2) a money market fund that invests solely in short-term United States Treasury securities (including money market funds for which the Trustee or an affiliate of the Trustee serves as investment advisor, administrator, shareholder, servicing agent and/or custodian or sub-custodian, notwithstanding that (a) the Trustee charges and collects fees and expenses from such funds for services rendered and (b) the Trustee charges and collects fees and expenses for services rendered pursuant to this Indenture at any time) and from time to time the Company may direct the reinvestment of all or a portion of such money in other securities or funds meeting the criteria specified in clause (1) or (2) of this Section 402. 26 ARTICLE V REMEDIES Section 501. Events of Default . Except as may be otherwise provided pursuant to Section 301 for Securities of any series, an “ Event of Default ” means, whenever used herein or in a Security issued hereunder with respect to Securities of any series, any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): (1) the Company defaults in the payment of any installment of interest on any Security of such series for 30 days after becoming due; (2) the Company defaults in the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, on any Security of such series when the same becomes due and payable at its Stated Maturity, upon optional or mandatory redemption, upon declaration or otherwise; (3) the Company defaults in the performance of, or breaches any of its covenants and agreements in respect of any Security of such series contained in this Indenture or in the Securities of such series (other than a covenant or agreement, a default in the performance of which or a breach of which is elsewhere in this Section specifically dealt with or that has expressly been included in this Indenture solely for the benefit of a series of Securities other than that series), and such default or breach continues for a period of 90 days after the notice specified below; (4) the Company, pursuant to or within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Law (as defined below): (A) commences a voluntary case or proceeding; (B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case or proceeding; (C) consents to the appointment of a Custodian (as defined below) of it or for all or substantially all of its property; (D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (E) files a petition in bankruptcy or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief; (F) consents to the filing of such petition or the appointment of or taking possession by a Custodian; or (G) takes any comparable action under any foreign laws relating to insolvency; (5) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: (A) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case, or adjudicates the Company insolvent or bankrupt; (B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of the property of the Company; or (C) orders the winding-up or liquidation of the Company (or any similar relief is granted under any foreign laws); 27 (D) and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 90 days; or (6) any other Event of Default provided with respect to Securities of such series occurs. The term “ Bankruptcy Law ” means Title 11, United States Code, or any similar federal or state or other foreign law for the relief of debtors. The term “ Custodian ” means any custodian, receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or other similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. A Default with respect to Securities of any series under clause (3) of this Section 501 shall not be an Event of Default until the Trustee (by written notice to the Company) or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities of such series (by written notice to the Company and the Trustee) gives notice of the Default and the Company does not cure such Default within the time specified in clause (3) after receipt of such notice. Such notice must specify the Default, demand that it be remedied and state that such notice is a “ Notice of Default .” Section 502. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment . If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of any series at the time Outstanding (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 501(4) or Section 501(5) with respect to the Company) occurs and is continuing, then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series may declare the principal amount of all the Securities of such series (or, if any Securities of that series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount of such Securities as may be specified by the terms thereof), together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration, such principal amount (or specified amount), together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in Section 501(4) or Section 501(5) with respect to the Securities of any series at the time Outstanding occurs, the principal amount of all the Securities of such series (or, in the case of any Security of such series which specifies an amount to be due and payable thereon upon acceleration of the Maturity thereof, such amount as may be specified by the terms thereof), together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall automatically, and without any declaration or other action on the part of the Trustee or any Holder, become immediately due and payable. Upon payment of such amount, all obligations of the Company in respect of the payment of principal and interest of the Securities of such series shall terminate. Except as may otherwise be provided pursuant to Section 301 for all or any specific Securities of any series, at any time after such a declaration of acceleration with respect to the Securities of any series has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article V provided, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if: (1) the Company has paid or deposited with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay: (A) all overdue interest on all Securities of such series, (B) the principal of and premium, if any, on any Securities of such series which have become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration and any interest thereon at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in the Securities of such series, (C) to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest upon overdue interest at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities, and 28 (D) all sums paid or advanced by the Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel; and (2) all Events of Default with respect to Securities of such series, other than the non-payment of the principal of Securities of such series which have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 512. No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon. Section 503. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee . The Company covenants that if (1) default is made in the payment of any interest on any Security when such interest becomes due and payable and such default continues for a period of 30 days or (2) default is made in the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, on any Security at the Maturity thereof, the Company will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities, the whole amount then due and payable on such Securities for principal and premium, if any, and interest and, to the extent that payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable, interest on any overdue principal and premium and on any overdue interest, at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities, and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel. If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of any series occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem necessary to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy. Section 504. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim . In case of any judicial proceeding relative to the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities), its property or its creditors, the Trustee shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of principal (and premium, if any) and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Securities and all other amounts owing and unpaid under this Indenture and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceeding, and (b) to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it and any predecessor Trustee under Section 607. No provision of this Indenture shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding; provided , however , that the Trustee may, on behalf 29 of the Holders, vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar official and be a member of a creditors’ or other similar committee. Section 505. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities . All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or the Securities may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Securities or the production thereof in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, any predecessor Trustee under Section 607, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities in respect of which such judgment has been recovered. Section 506. Application of Money Collected . Any money or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article V shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such money or property on account of principal or premium, if any, or interest, upon presentation of the Securities and the notation thereon of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender thereof if fully paid: FIRST: To the payment of all amounts due the Trustee (including any predecessor Trustee) under Section 607; SECOND: To the payment of the amounts then due and unpaid for principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Securities in respect of which or for the benefit of which such money has been collected, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind (other than contractual subordination agreements pursuant to the Indenture), according to the amounts due and payable on such Securities for principal and premium, if any, and interest, respectively; and THIRD: To the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Company. Section 507. Limitation on Suits . No Holder of any Security of any series shall have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator or sequestrator (or similar official) or for any other remedy hereunder, unless: (1) Such Holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such series; (2) the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder; (3) such Holder or Holders have offered, and if requested, provided to the Trustee indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request; (4) the Trustee has failed to institute any such proceeding for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity; and (5) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series; 30 it being understood and intended that no one or more of such Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other of such Holders, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other of such Holders (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not such actions are unduly prejudicial to such Holders) or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal and ratable benefit of all of such Holders. Section 508. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium, and Interest and to Convert Securities . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, the Holder of any Security shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and, subject to Section 307, interest and, subject to Section 1005, Additional Amounts, on such Security on the Stated Maturity expressed in such Security (or, in the case of redemption or repayment, on the Redemption Date or date for repayment, as the case may be, and, if the terms of such Security so provide, to convert such Security in accordance with its terms) and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment and, if applicable, any such right to convert, and such rights shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder. Section 509. Rights and Remedies Cumulative . Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities in the last paragraph of Section 306, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy. Section 510. Delay or Omission Not Waiver . No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Securities to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article V or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be. Section 511. Control by Holders . The Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Securities of such series; provided that: (1) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, and (2) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction. Section 512. Waiver of Past Defaults . The Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series may on behalf of the Holders of all the Securities of such series waive any past default hereunder with respect to such series and its consequences, except a default 31 (1) in the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Security of such series, or (2) in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article IX cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Security of such series affected. Upon any such waiver, such default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this Indenture, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon. Section 513. Undertaking for Costs . In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, a court may require any party litigant in such suit to file an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant; provided that this Section 513 shall not be deemed to authorize any court to require such an undertaking or to make such an assessment in any suit instituted by the Company or the Trustee, a suit by a Holder under Section 508, or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities. Section 514. Waiver of Usury, Stay or Extension Laws . The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any usury, stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. Section 515. Restoration of Rights and Remedies . If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, the Company, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted. ARTICLE VI THE TRUSTEE Section 601. Certain Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee . (1) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default with respect to any series of Securities, (A) the Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee with respect to such series; and 32 (B) in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may rely with respect to the Securities of such series, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts, statements, opinions or conclusions stated therein). (2) In case an Event of Default with respect to any series of Securities has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his or her own affairs. (3) No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that: (A) this Section 601(3) shall not be construed to limit the effect of Section 601(1) or (4); (B) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; (C) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series, determined as provided in Section 101, Section 104 and Section 511, relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series; and (4) No provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. (5) Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 601. Section 602. Notice of Defaults . If a Default or an Event of Default occurs with respect to Securities of any series and is continuing and if it is actually known to the Trustee, the Trustee shall send to each Holder of Securities of such series notice of the Default within 90 days after it is known to a Responsible Officer or written notice of it is received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee. Except in the case of a Default in payment of principal of or interest on any Security, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as it in good faith determines that withholding the notice is not opposed to the interests of Holders of Securities of such series. 33 Section 603. Certain Rights of Trustee . Subject to the provisions of Section 601: (1) the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, instruction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties; (2) any request or direction of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Company Request or Company Order, and any resolution of the Board of Directors shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Board Resolution; (3) whenever in the administration of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of bad faith on its part, conclusively rely upon an Officer’s Certificate, Opinion of Counsel, or both; (4) the Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon; (5) the Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders pursuant to this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered, and if requested, provided to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction; (6) the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the sole cost of the Company and shall incur no liability or additional liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation; (7) the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed with due care by it hereunder; provided, however only the Trustee, and not any agent, custodian or other Person employed to act hereunder, shall be held to a prudent person standard upon the occurrence of and during an Event of Default; (8) the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder and to its agents; (9) the Trustee shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture; 34 (10) in no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive, incidental, or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action; (11) in no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, circumstances or forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, any act or provisions of any present or future law or regulation or government authority, strikes, labor disputes, work stoppages, fires, sabotage, epidemics, pandemics, riots, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex or other wire or communication facility, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services (it being understood that the Trustee shall use its best efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances); (12) the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a Default or Event of Default shall have been received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the Securities and this Indenture; (13) the Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, which certificate may be signed by any person authorized to sign an Officer’s Certificate, including any person specified as so authorized in any such certificate previously delivered and not superseded; and (14) the permissive right of the Trustee to take or refrain from taking action hereunder shall not be construed as a duty. Section 604. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities . The recitals contained herein and in the Securities, except the Trustee’s certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of the Securities. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of Securities or the proceeds thereof. The Trustee shall not be responsible to make any calculation with respect to any matter under this Indenture. The Trustee shall have no duty to monitor or investigate the Issuers’ compliance with or the breach of, or cause to be performed or observed, any representation, warranty, or covenant, or agreement of any Person, other than the Trustee, made in this Indenture. Section 605. May Hold Securities . The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Security Registrar or any other agent of the Company, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Securities and, subject to Section 608 and Section 613, may otherwise deal with the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee, Paying Agent, Security Registrar or such other agent. Section 606. Section 606 . Money Held in Trust . Money held by the Trustee in trust hereunder shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which they were received, but need not be segregated from other funds except to 35 the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed with the Company. Section 607. Compensation and Reimbursement . The Company agrees (1) to pay to the Trustee from time to time such compensation as shall be agreed to in writing between the Company and the Trustee for all services rendered by it hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust); (2) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including the reasonable compensation and the reasonable expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense, disbursement or advance as shall have been caused by its gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; and (3) to indemnify the Trustee or any predecessor Trustee and their officers, agents, directors and employees for, and to hold them harmless against, any and all loss, damage, claim, liability or expense, including fees and expenses of counsel, including taxes (other than taxes based upon, measured by or determined by the income of the Trustee) incurred without gross negligence or willful misconduct on its part, arising out of or in connection with this Indenture, the Securities, the acceptance or administration of the trust or trusts hereunder, including the reasonable costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Company, or any Holder or any other Person) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder, or in connection with enforcing the provisions of this Section. The Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity. When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services in connection with an Event of Default specified in Section 501(4) or Section 501(5), the expenses (including the reasonable charges and expenses of its counsel) and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law. The Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Securities as to all property and funds held by it hereunder for any amount owing it or any predecessor Trustee pursuant to this Section 607, except with respect to funds held in trust for the benefit of the Holders of Securities. The provisions of this Section 607 shall survive the termination of this Indenture, the payment in full of the Securities and the resignation or removal of the Trustee. “Trustee” for purposes of this Section shall include any predecessor Trustee; provided, however, that the negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of any Trustee hereunder shall not affect the rights of any other Trustee hereunder. Section 608. Conflicting Interests . If the Trustee has or shall acquire a “conflicting interest” within the meaning of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall either eliminate such interest or resign, to the extent and in the manner provided by the Trust Indenture Act and this Indenture. 36 To the extent permitted by the Trust Indenture Act, if applicable, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have a conflicting interest by virtue of being a trustee under this Indenture with respect to Securities of more than one series. Section 609. Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility . There shall at all times be one (and only one) Trustee hereunder with respect to the Securities of each series, which may be Trustee hereunder for Securities of one or more other series. Each Trustee shall be a Person that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act to act as such, has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 and has its Corporate Trust Office in any major city in the contiguous United States that is acceptable to the Company. If any such Person publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of its supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section 609 and to the extent permitted by the Trust Indenture Act, the combined capital and surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent annual report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 609, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article VI. Section 610. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor . No resignation or removal of the Trustee and no appointment of a successor Trustee pursuant to this Article VI shall become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 611. The Trustee may resign at any time with respect to the Securities of one or more series by giving written notice thereof to the Company. If the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 611 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee, at the expense of the Company, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series. The Trustee may be removed at any time with respect to the Securities of any series by Act of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series, upon written notice delivered to the Trustee and to the Company. If the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 611 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of removal, the Trustee being removed, at the expense of the Company, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series. If at any time: (1) the Trustee shall fail to comply with Section 608 after written request therefor by the Company or by any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security for at least six months, or (2) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 609 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Company or by any such Holder, or (3) the Trustee shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, then, in any such case, (A) the Company may remove the Trustee with respect to all Securities or (B) subject to Section 513, Holders of 10% in aggregate principal amount of Securities of any series who have been bona fide Holders of such Securities for at least six months may, on behalf of themselves and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee with respect to all Securities and the appointment of a successor Trustee or Trustees. 37 If the Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for any cause, with respect to the Securities of one or more series, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee or Trustees with respect to the Securities of that or those series (it being understood that any such successor Trustee may be appointed with respect to the Securities of one or more or all of such series and that at any time there shall be only one Trustee with respect to the Securities of any particular series) and shall comply with the applicable requirements of Section 611. If a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series shall be appointed by Act of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series delivered to the Company and the retiring Trustee, the successor Trustee so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 611, become the successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series and to that extent supersede the successor Trustee appointed by the Company. If no successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series shall have been so appointed by the Company or the Holders and accepted appointment in the manner required by Section 611, Holders of 10% in aggregate principal amount of Securities of any series who have been bona fide Holders of Securities of such series for at least six months may, on behalf of themselves and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series. The Company shall give notice of each resignation and each removal of the Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series and each appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series to all Holders of Securities of such series in the manner provided in Section 106. Each notice shall include the name of the successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series and the address of its Corporate Trust Office. Section 611. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor . In case of the appointment hereunder of a successor Trustee with respect to all Securities, every such successor Trustee so appointed shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to the retiring Trustee a written instrument accepting such appointment, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee, but, on the request of the Company or the successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall, upon payment of its charges and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, execute and deliver a written instrument transferring to such successor Trustee all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Trustee and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Trustee all property and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder. In case of the appointment hereunder of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more (but not all) series, the Company, the retiring Trustee and each successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more series shall execute and deliver an indenture supplemental hereto wherein each successor Trustee shall accept such appointment and which (1) shall contain such provisions as shall be necessary or desirable to transfer and confirm to, and to vest in, each successor Trustee all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates, (2) if the retiring Trustee is not retiring with respect to all Securities, shall contain such provisions as shall be deemed necessary or desirable to confirm that all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series as to which the retiring Trustee is not retiring shall continue to be vested in the retiring Trustee, and (3) shall add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, it being understood that nothing herein or in such supplemental indenture shall constitute such Trustees co-trustees of the same trust and that each such Trustee shall be trustee of a trust or trusts hereunder separate and apart from any trust or trusts hereunder administered by any other such Trustee; and upon the execution and delivery of such supplemental indenture the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective to the extent provided therein and each such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates; but, on request of the Company or any successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Trustee all property 38 and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates. Upon request of any such successor Trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts referred to in the first or second preceding paragraph, as the case may be. No successor Trustee shall accept its appointment unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Trustee shall be qualified and eligible under this Article VI. Section 612. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business . Any Person into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to all or substantially all the corporate trust business of the Trustee, shall be the successor of the Trustee hereunder; provided that such Person shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under this Article VI, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. In case any Securities shall have been authenticated, but not delivered, by the Trustee then in office, any successor by merger, conversion, consolidation or sale to such authenticating Trustee may adopt such authentication and deliver the Securities so authenticated with the same effect as if such successor Trustee had itself authenticated such Securities; and in case at that time any Securities shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee may authenticate such Securities either in the name of any predecessor hereunder or in the name of the successor to the Trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Securities or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have. Section 613. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company . To the extent that the Trust Indenture Act applies to this Indenture or any supplemental indenture, if and when the Trustee shall be or become a creditor of the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities), the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act regarding the collection of claims against the Company (or any such other obligor). Section 614. Appointment of Authenticating Agent . The Trustee may appoint an Authenticating Agent or Agents with respect to one or more series of Securities which shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities of such series issued upon original issue and upon exchange, registration of transfer or partial redemption thereof or pursuant to Section 306, and Securities so authenticated shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture and shall be valid and obligatory for all purposes as if authenticated by the Trustee hereunder. Wherever reference is made in this Indenture to the authentication and delivery of Securities by the Trustee or the Trustee’s certificate of authentication, such reference shall be deemed to include authentication and delivery on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent. Each Authenticating Agent shall be acceptable to the Company and shall at all times be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, authorized under such laws to act as Authenticating Agent, having a combined capital and surplus of not less than $50,000,000 and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. If such Authenticating Agent publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of said supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section 614, the combined capital and surplus of such Authenticating Agent shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time an Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 614, such Authenticating Agent shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in this Section 614. 39 Any Person into which an Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which such Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate agency or corporate trust business of an Authenticating Agent shall be the successor Authenticating Agent hereunder, provided such Person shall be otherwise eligible under this Section 614, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent. An Authenticating Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of an Authenticating Agent by giving written notice thereof to such Authenticating Agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time such Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 614, the Trustee may appoint a successor Authenticating Agent which shall be acceptable to the Company and shall give notice of such appointment in the manner provided in Section 106 to all Holders of Securities of the series with respect to which such Authenticating Agent will serve. Any successor Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder shall become vested with all the rights, powers and duties of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as an Authenticating Agent. No successor Authenticating Agent shall be appointed unless eligible under the provisions of this Section 614. The Company agrees to pay to each Authenticating Agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services under this Section 614. If an appointment with respect to one or more series is made pursuant to this Section 614, the Securities of such series may have endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustee’s certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form: This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. Dated: __________________ Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee By: [ ], As Authenticating Agent By: Authorized Signatory ARTICLE VII HOLDERS’ LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE AND COMPANY Section 701. Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders . If the Trustee is not the Security Registrar, the Company shall cause the Security Registrar to furnish to the Trustee, in writing at least five Business Days before each Interest Payment Date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of Holders of Securities of each series. 40 Section 702. Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders . The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of Holders contained in the most recent list furnished to the Trustee as provided in Section 701 and the names and addresses of Holders received by the Trustee in its capacity as Security Registrar. The Trustee may dispose of any list furnished to it as provided in Section 701 upon receipt of a new list so furnished. To the extent that the Trust Indenture Act applies to this Indenture or any supplemental indenture, the rights of Holders to communicate with other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or such Securities, and the corresponding rights and privileges of the Trustee, shall be as provided by the Trust Indenture Act. Every Holder of Securities, by receiving and holding the same, agrees with the Company and the Trustee that neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any agent of either of them shall be held accountable by reason of any disclosure of information as to names and addresses of Holders made pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act. Section 703. Reports by Trustee . Within 60 days after May 15 of each year in which any of the Securities are Outstanding, the Trustee shall transmit to Holders, in the manner and to the extent provided in Section 313(c) of the Trust Indenture Act, a brief report dated as of such May 15 that complies with Section 313(a) of the Trust Indenture Act. The Trustee also shall comply with Section 313(b) of the Trust Indenture Act. The Trustee shall promptly deliver to the Company a copy of any report it delivers to Holders pursuant to this Section 703. A copy of each such report shall, at the time of such transmission to Holders, be filed by the Trustee with each stock exchange and automated quotation system, if any, upon which any Securities are listed, with the Commission and with the Company. The Company will notify the Trustee when any Securities are listed on any stock exchange or automated quotation system or delisted therefrom. Section 704. Reports by Company . During any time period in which the Trust Indenture Act applies to this Indenture or any supplemental indenture, the Company shall file with the Trustee, and transmit to the Holders, such information, documents and other reports, and such summaries thereof, as may be required pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act. Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the reports, information and documents. All required reports, information and documents referred to in this Section 704 shall be deemed filed with the Trustee and transmitted to the Holders at the time such reports, information or documents are publicly filed with the Commission via the Commission’s EDGAR filing system (or any successor system). For purposes of clarification, the foregoing sentence does not impose on the Trustee any duty to search for or obtain any electronic or other filings that the Company makes with the Commission, regardless of whether such filings are periodic, supplemental or otherwise. The Trustee’s receipt of such shall not constitute actual or constructive knowledge or notice or actual notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company’s compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer’s Certificates). 41 ARTICLE VIII CONSOLIDATION, MERGER AND SALE OF ASSETS Section 801. Company May Merge or Transfer Assets Only on Certain Terms . The Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, transfer, lease or convey all or substantially all of its properties and assets to, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, any other Person, unless: (1) the Company shall be the continuing entity, or the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the “Successor”) shall be a corporation, limited liability company or other entity (if such corporation, limited liability company or other entity is not the Company) organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor (if not the Company) shall expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, all the obligations of the Company under the Securities and this Indenture and, for each Security that by its terms provides for conversion, shall have provided for the right to convert such Security in accordance with its terms; and (2) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. Notwithstanding anything else herein, (A) the first paragraph of this Section 801 shall not apply to the conveyance, transfer or lease of properties or assets between or among the Company and its Subsidiaries and (B) clause (2) of the first paragraph of this Section 801 shall not apply to (i) the Company consolidating with or merging into a Subsidiary of the Company for any purpose or (ii) any Subsidiary of the Company consolidating with or merging into the Company for any purpose. Section 802. Successor Corporation Substituted . The Successor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under the Indenture, with the same effect as if the Successor had been an original party to this Indenture, and the Company shall be released from all its liabilities and obligations under this Indenture and the Securities. ARTICLE IX SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES Section 901. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders . Without the consent of any Holders, the Company and the Trustee, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, for any of the following purposes: (1) to add to the covenants for the benefit of the Holders of all or any series of Securities (and if such covenants are to be for the benefit of less than all series of Securities, stating that such covenants are expressly being included solely for the benefit of such series) or to surrender any right or power herein conferred upon the Company; (2) to evidence the succession of another Person to the Company, or successive successions, and the assumption by the Successor of the covenants, agreements and obligations of the Company pursuant to Article VIII; 42 (3) to add any additional Events of Default for the benefit of the Holders of all or any series of Securities (and if such additional Events of Default are to be for the benefit of less than all series of Securities, stating that such additional Events of Default are expressly being included solely for the benefit of such series); (4) to add one or more guarantees for the benefit of Holders of the Securities; (5) to secure the Securities; (6) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more series and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Section 611; (7) subject to any limitations established pursuant to Section 301, to provide for the issuance of additional Securities of any series; (8) to establish the form or terms of Securities of any series as permitted by Section 201 and Section 301; (9) to comply with the rules of any applicable Depositary; (10) to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance of Securities (i) registered under the Securities Act and offered in exchange for any Securities issued hereunder or (ii) in uncertificated form; (11) to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of this Indenture in respect of one or more series of Securities; provided that any such addition, change or elimination (A) shall neither (i) apply to any Security of any series created prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture and entitled to the benefit of such provision nor (ii) modify the rights of the Holder of any such Security with respect to such provision or (B) shall become effective only when there is no Security described in clause (A)(i) Outstanding; (12) to cure any ambiguity, mistake or omission or to correct or supplement any provision of this Indenture which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision herein; (13) to change any other provision under this Indenture; provided that such action pursuant to this clause (13) shall not adversely affect the legal rights of the Holders of Securities of any series in any material respect, as determined by the Company in good faith; (14) to supplement any of the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance and discharge of any series of Securities pursuant to Section 401, Section 1302 and Section 1303; provided that any such action shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Securities of such series or any other series of Securities in any material respect; (15) to comply with the rules or regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the Securities may be listed or traded; (16) to conform any provision of this Indenture, any supplemental indenture, one or more series of Securities or any related guarantees or security documents, if any, to the description of such Securities contained in the Company’s prospectus, prospectus supplement, offering memorandum or similar document with respect to the offering of the Securities of such 43 series to the extent that such description was intended to be a substantially verbatim recitation of a provision in this Indenture, such Securities or any related security documents; and (17) to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary or desirable in accordance with any amendments to the Trust Indenture Act, provided that such action does not adversely affect the rights or interests of any Holder of Securities in any material respect. After a supplemental indenture under this Section 901 becomes effective, a notice briefly describing such supplemental indenture or a copy of such supplemental indenture shall be delivered to the Trustee and to the Holders of Securities affected thereby by the Company. Any failure of the Company to deliver such notice, or any defect therein, or any failure of the Company to deliver such supplemental indenture, shall not in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture. Section 902. Supplemental Indentures With Consent of Holders . With the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of each series affected by such supplemental indenture (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange for Securities), by Act of said Holders delivered to the Company and the Trustee, the Company and the Trustee may enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series under this Indenture; provided , however , no such supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Security of such series affected thereby: (1) change the Stated Maturity of the principal of, or any installment of principal of or interest on, any Security; (2) reduce the principal amount of any Security or reduce the amount of the principal of an Original Issue Discount Security or any other Security, which would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 502 or reduce the rate of interest on any Security (except as part of any remarketing of the Securities of any series or any interest rate reset with respect to the Securities of any series, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Securities of such series); (3) reduce any premium payable on the redemption of any Security or change the date on which any Security may or must be redeemed; (4) change the currency in which the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Security is payable; (5) impair the right of any Holder to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or after the Stated Maturity of any Security (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date); (6) reduce the percentage in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series, the consent of whose Holders is required for any such supplemental indenture, or the consent of whose Holders is required for any waiver (of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture or certain defaults hereunder and their consequences) provided for in this Indenture; (7) modify any of the provisions of this Section 902, Section 512 or Section 1009, except to increase any percentage vote required or to provide that certain other provisions of this Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each 44 Outstanding Security affected thereby; provided, however, that this clause shall not be deemed to require the consent of any Holder with respect to changes in the references to “the Trustee” and concomitant changes in this Section 902 and Section 1008, or the deletion of this proviso, in accordance with the requirements of Section 611 and Section 901(6); or (8) if the Securities of any series are convertible into or for any other securities or property of the Company, make any change that adversely affects in any material respect the right to convert any Security of such series (except as permitted by Section 901) or decrease the conversion rate or increase the conversion price of any such Security of such series, unless such decrease or increase is permitted by the terms of such Security. A supplemental indenture which changes or eliminates any covenant or other provision of this Indenture which has expressly been included solely for the benefit of one or more particular series of Securities, or which modifies the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series with respect to such covenant or other provision, shall be deemed not to affect the rights under this Indenture of the Holders of Securities of any other series. It shall not be necessary for any Act of Holders under this Section 902 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof. After a supplemental indenture under this Section 902 becomes effective, a notice briefly describing such supplemental indenture or a copy of such supplemental indenture shall be delivered to the Trustee and to the Holders of Securities affected thereby by the Company. Any failure of the Company to deliver such notice, or any defect therein, or any failure of the Company to deliver such supplemental indenture, shall not in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture. Section 903. Execution of Supplemental Indentures . In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article IX or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and, subject to Section 601, shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions precedent in this Indenture to the execution of such supplemental indenture, if any, have been complied with. The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects the Trustee’s own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. Section 904. Effect of Supplemental Indentures . Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture under this Article IX, this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and such supplemental indenture shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes; and every Holder of Securities theretofore or thereafter authenticated and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby. Section 905. Conformity with Trust Indenture Act . To the extent that the Trust Indenture Act applies to this Indenture or any Securities, every supplemental indenture executed pursuant to this Article IX shall conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act. 45 Section 906. Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures . Securities of any series authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Article IX may, and shall if required by the Trustee or the Company, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company shall so determine, new Securities of any series so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Company, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Securities of such series. ARTICLE X COVENANTS Section 1001. Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest . The Company covenants and agrees for the benefit of each series of Securities that it will duly and punctually pay the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Securities of such series in accordance with the terms of the Securities and this Indenture. Principal and interest shall be considered paid on the date due if, on or before 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such date, the Trustee or the Paying Agent (or, if the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the Paying Agent, the segregated account or separate trust fund maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary pursuant to Section 1004) holds in accordance with this Indenture money sufficient to pay all amounts owing pursuant to the Indenture, including all principal and interest then due. The Company shall pay interest on overdue principal at the rate specified therefor in the Securities, and it shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the same rate to the extent lawful as provided in Section 307. Section 1002. Corporate Existence . The Company covenants and agrees, for the benefit of the Holders of Securities, that, subject to Article VIII, the Company will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence as a corporation or other legal entity. Section 1003. Maintenance of Office or Agency . The Company will maintain in each Place of Payment for any series of Securities an office or agency where Securities of such series may be presented or surrendered for payment, where Securities of such series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, where Securities may be surrendered for conversion, and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such series and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee; and such required office or agency in the contiguous United States shall be at an office of the Trustee located at its Corporate Trust Office. The Company hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands; provided that the Trustee shall not be an agent of the Company for the purposes of service of legal process against the Company. The Company may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Securities of one or more series may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided , however , that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in each Place of Payment for Securities of any series for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. 46 With respect to any Global Security, and except as otherwise may be specified for such Global Security as contemplated by Section 301, the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee shall be the Place of Payment where such Global Security may be presented or surrendered for payment or for registration of transfer or exchange, or where successor Securities may be delivered in exchange therefor; and such Place of Payment with respect to a Global Security in the contiguous United States shall be at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee; provided , however , that any such payment, presentation, surrender or delivery effected pursuant to the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary for such Global Security shall be deemed to have been effected at the Place of Payment for such Global Security in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture. Section 1004. Money for Securities Payments to Be Held in Trust . If the Company shall at any time act as its own Paying Agent with respect to any series of Securities, it will, on or before each due date for the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any of the Securities of such series, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Trustee or the Holders of such Securities a sum sufficient to pay the principal and premium, if any, and interest so becoming due until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and will promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act. Whenever the Company shall have one or more Paying Agents for any series of Securities, it will, no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on each due date for the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Securities of such series, deposit with a Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such amount, such sum to be held in trust for the Persons entitled to the same, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act. The Company will cause each Paying Agent for any series of Securities other than the Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such Paying Agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 1004, that such Paying Agent shall hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money held by such Paying Agent for the payment of principal of or interest on the Securities and shall notify the Trustee in writing of any default by the Company in making any such payment. The Company may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or by Company Order direct any Paying Agent to pay, to the Trustee all sums held in trust by the Company or such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the same trusts as those upon which such sums were held by the Company or such Paying Agent; and, upon such payment by any Paying Agent to the Trustee, such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money. Subject to any applicable abandoned property law, any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Security of any series and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal, premium or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on Company Request, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Security shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease. Section 1005. Payment of Additional Amounts . If the Company consolidates with or merge with or into another company and the resulting, surviving or transferee company is not organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia (such company or any successor thereto, the “ surviving entity ”), then the surviving entity shall make all payments of principal of and premium, if any, interest and any other amounts on, or in respect of, the Securities without withholding or deduction at source for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, fees, duties, levies, imposts, assessments or governmental charges (including 47 penalties, interest, additions and any other liability with respect thereto) of whatever nature (“ Taxes ”) imposed or levied by any jurisdiction in which the surviving entity is considered to be a resident for Tax purposes or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein or any jurisdiction from or through which payment on the Security is made (a “ Taxing Jurisdiction ”), unless such Taxes are required to be withheld or deducted by (x) the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder) of a Taxing Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein or (y) an official position regarding the application, administration, interpretation or enforcement of any such laws, regulations or rulings (including, without limitation, a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction or by a taxing authority in a Taxing Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof). If the Company is so required to withhold or deduct any amount for or on account of Taxes, the Company shall, subject to certain limitations and exceptions described below, pay to the Holder of any Security such additional amounts (such additional amounts, “ Additional Amounts ”) as may be necessary so that every net payment of principal, premium, if any, interest or any other amount made to such Holder, after the withholding or deduction (including any such withholding or deduction from such Additional Amounts), shall not be less than the amount provided for in such Security or in the Indenture to be then due and payable. The Company shall not be required to pay any Additional Amounts for or on account of: (1) any Taxes of whatever nature that would not have been imposed but for the fact that such Holder (a) was a resident, domiciliary or national of, or engaged in business or maintained a permanent establishment or was physically present in, the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or otherwise has or had any present or former connection with the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than by reason of the mere purchase, ownership or disposition of, or receipt of payment under, such Security, (b) presented, where presentation is required, such Security for payment in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof, unless such Security could not have been presented for payment elsewhere, or (c) presented, where presentation is required, such Security for payment more than 30 days after the date on which the payment in respect of such Security became due and payable or provided for, whichever is later, except to the extent that the Holder would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts if it had presented such Security for payment on any day within that 30-day period; (2) any estate, inheritance, gift, value-added, sale, transfer, excise, personal property or similar Tax; (3) any Taxes that are imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the Holder or beneficial owner of such Security to comply with any reasonable request by the Company addressed to the Holder within 90 days of such request (a) to provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder or the beneficial owner or (b) to make any declaration or other similar claim or satisfy any information or reporting requirement, which is required or imposed by statute, treaty, regulation or administrative practice of the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof as a precondition to exemption from all or part of such Taxes; (4) any withholding or deduction imposed on or in respect of any Security pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof or intergovernmental agreements in connection therewith, and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code; (5) any Taxes that are payable otherwise than by withholding or deducting from payment of principal or premium, if any, or interest on such Securities; or (6) any combination of items (1), (2), (3), (4) and (5). In addition, the Company shall not pay Additional Amounts with respect to any payment of principal of, or premium, if any, interest or any other amounts on, any such Security to any Holder who is a fiduciary 48 or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of such Security if such payment would be required by the laws of the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (or any political subdivision or relevant taxing authority thereof or therein) to be included in the income for Tax purposes of a beneficiary or partner or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner to the extent such beneficiary, partner or settlor would not have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had it been the Holder of the Security. Wherever in this Indenture or the Securities there are mentioned, in any context: (1) the payment of principal, (2) purchase prices in connection with a purchase of Security, (3) interest, or (4) any other amount payable on or with respect to the Securities, such reference shall be deemed to include payment of Additional Amounts as described under this section to the extent that, in such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof. The Company shall pay any present or future stamp, court or documentary Taxes or other similar Taxes, charges or levies that arise in any Taxing Jurisdiction from the execution, delivery, enforcement or registration of the Securities, the Indenture, or any other document or instrument required in relation thereof, and the Company shall agree to indemnify the Holders for any such Taxes paid by such Holders. The obligations described in this Section 1005 shall survive any termination, defeasance or discharge of this Indenture and shall apply mutatis mutandis to any jurisdiction in which any successor Person to the Company is organized or any political subdivision or taxing authority or agency thereof or therein. Section 1006. [Reserved] . Section 1007. Statement by Officers as to Default . The Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company ending after the date hereof an Officer’s Certificate signed by its principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer, stating whether or not, to the best knowledge of such officer, the Company is in default in the performance and observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Indenture (without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice provided hereunder) and, if the Company shall be in default, specifying all such defaults and the nature and status thereof of which they may have knowledge. Section 1008. Provision of Financial Information . For so long as any Securities are outstanding, if the Company is subject to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee and the Holders the annual reports, quarterly reports and other documents which it is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) or any successor provision, within 15 days after the date that it files the same with the Commission. If neither the Company is subject to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision, and for so long as any Securities are outstanding, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee and the Holders the quarterly and annual financial statements that would be required to be contained in annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q required to be filed with the Commission if the Company was subject to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision, within 15 days of the filing date that would be applicable to the Company at that time pursuant to applicable Commission rules and regulations. Reports and other documents filed by the Company with the Commission and publicly available via the EDGAR system or on the Company’s website will be deemed to be delivered to the Trustee and the 49 Holders as of the time such filing is publicly available via EDGAR or on the Company’s website for purposes of this Section 1008; provided, however , that the Trustee shall have no obligation whatsoever to determine whether or not such information, documents or reports have been filed or are publicly available via EDGAR or on the Company’s website. Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustee’s receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice or actual notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company’s compliance with any of its covenants under this Indenture (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on an Officer’s Certificate). Section 1009. Waiver of Certain Covenants . Except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for Securities of such series, the Company may, with respect to the Securities of any series, omit in any particular instance to comply with any term, provision or condition set forth in any covenant provided pursuant to Section 301(22), Section 901(1) or Section 901(8) for the benefit of the Holders of such series, if before the time for such compliance the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall, by Act of such Holders, either waive such compliance in such instance or generally waive compliance with such term, provision or condition, but no such waiver shall extend to or affect such term, provision or condition except to the extent so expressly waived, and, until such waiver shall become effective, the obligations of the Company and the duties of the Trustee in respect of any such term, provision or condition shall remain in full force and effect. ARTICLE XI REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES Section 1101. Applicability of Article . Securities of any series which are redeemable before their Stated Maturity shall be redeemable in accordance with their terms and (except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities) in accordance with this Article XI. Section 1102. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee . The election of the Company to redeem any Securities shall be evidenced by a Board Resolution or an Officer’s Certificate or in another manner specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities. In case of any redemption at the election of the Company of the Securities of any series (including any such redemption affecting only a single Security), the Company shall, at least 30 days prior to the Redemption Date fixed by the Company (unless a shorter notice shall be satisfactory to the Trustee), notify the Trustee of such Redemption Date, of the principal amount of Securities of such series to be redeemed and, if applicable, of the tenor of the Securities to be redeemed. In the case of any redemption of Securities (a) prior to the expiration of any restriction on such redemption provided in the terms of such Securities or elsewhere in this Indenture, or (b) pursuant to an election of the Company which is subject to a condition specified in the terms of such Securities or elsewhere in this Indenture, the Company shall furnish the Trustee with an Officer’s Certificate evidencing compliance with such restriction or condition. Section 1103. Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed . If less than all the Securities of any series are to be redeemed (unless all the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are to be redeemed or unless such redemption affects only a single Security), the particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date, from the Outstanding Securities of such series not previously called for redemption, pro rata or by lot or by such other method as the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate, or in the case of Global Securities, pursuant to applicable Depositary procedures unless otherwise required by law or applicable stock exchange or Depositary requirements; provided that the unredeemed portion of the principal amount of any Security shall be in an authorized denomination (which shall not be less than the minimum authorized denomination) for 50 such Security. If less than all the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are to be redeemed (unless such redemption affects only a single Security), the particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date, from the Outstanding Securities of such series and specified tenor not previously called for redemption in accordance with the preceding sentence. If any Security selected for partial redemption is converted in part before termination of the conversion right with respect to the portion of the Security so selected, the converted portion of such Security shall be deemed (so far as may be) to be the portion selected for redemption. Securities which have been converted during a selection of securities to be redeemed shall be treated by the Trustee as Outstanding for the purpose of such selection. The Trustee shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the Securities selected for redemption as aforesaid and, in case of any Securities selected for partial redemption as aforesaid, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. The provisions of the three preceding paragraphs shall not apply with respect to any redemption affecting only a single Security, whether such Security is to be redeemed in whole or in part. In the case of any such redemption in part, the unredeemed portion of the principal amount of the Security shall be in an authorized denomination (which shall not be less than the minimum authorized denomination) for such Security. For all purposes of this Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to the redemption of Securities shall relate, in the case of any Securities redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal amount of such Securities which has been or is to be redeemed. If the Company shall so direct, Securities registered in the name of the Company, any Affiliate or any Subsidiary thereof shall not be included in the Securities selected for redemption. Section 1104. Notice of Redemption . Notice of redemption shall be given by first-class mail, overnight courier, hand delivery, facsimile transmission, email or other electronic transmission, or otherwise in accordance with the Applicable Procedures not less than 15 nor more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date (or within such period as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for Securities of a series), to each Holder of Securities to be redeemed, at such Holder’s address appearing in the Security Register (with a copy to the Trustee). All notices of redemption shall identify the Securities to be redeemed and shall state: (1) the Redemption Date; (2) the Redemption Price (or the method of calculating such price); (3) if less than all the Outstanding Securities of any series consisting of more than a single Security are to be redeemed, the identification (and, in the case of partial redemption of any such Securities, the principal amounts) of the particular Securities to be redeemed and, if less than all the Outstanding Securities of any series consisting of a single Security are to be redeemed, the principal amount of the particular Security to be redeemed; (4) that on the Redemption Date the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each such Security to be redeemed and, if applicable, that interest thereon will cease to accrue on and after said date; (5) the place or places where each such Security is to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price; 51 (6) for any Securities that by their terms may be converted, the terms of conversion, the date on which the right to convert the Security to be redeemed will terminate and the place or places where such Securities may be surrendered for conversion; (7) that the redemption is for a sinking fund, if such is the case; and (8) if applicable, the CUSIP numbers of the Securities of such series; provided, however, that no representation will be made as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number, or any similar number, if any, listed in such notice or printed on the Securities. Notice of redemption of Securities to be redeemed at the election of the Company shall be given by the Company, or at the Company’s request with five (5) Business Days’ prior written notice to the Trustee, or such shorter period as the Trustee may agree (which notice may be rescinded or revoked at any time prior to the time at which the Trustee shall have given such notice to the Holders), by the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Company. The notice, if sent in the manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such notice by mail or otherwise in accordance with the Applicable Procedures or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Security designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Securities. Section 1105. Deposit of Redemption Price . By no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent (or, if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 1004) an amount of money sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of, and (except if the Redemption Date shall be an Interest Payment Date or the Securities of the series provide otherwise) accrued interest on, all the Securities which are to be redeemed on that date, other than Securities or portions of Securities called for redemption which are owned by the Company or a Subsidiary and have been delivered by the Company or such Subsidiary to the Trustee for cancellation. All money, if any, earned on funds held by the Paying Agent shall be remitted to the Company. In addition, the Paying Agent shall promptly return to the Company any money deposited with the Paying Agent by the Company in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the Redemption Price of, and accrued interest, if any, on, all Securities to be redeemed. If any Security called for redemption is converted, any money deposited with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent or so segregated and held in trust for the redemption of such Security shall (subject to any right of the Holder of such Security or any Predecessor Security to receive interest as provided in the last paragraph of Section 307 or in the terms of such Security) be paid to the Company upon Company Request or, if then held by the Company, shall be discharged from such trust. Section 1106. Securities Payable on Redemption Date . Notice of redemption having been given as aforesaid, the Securities so to be redeemed shall, on the Redemption Date, become due and payable at the Redemption Price therein specified, and from and after such date (unless the Company shall default in the payment of the Redemption Price and accrued interest) such Securities shall cease to bear interest. Upon surrender of any such Security for redemption in accordance with said notice, such Security shall be paid by the Company at the Redemption Price, together, if applicable, with accrued interest to the Redemption Date; provided , however , that, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301, installments of interest whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Redemption Date will be payable to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor Securities, registered as such at the close of business on the relevant Regular Record Date according to their terms and the provisions of Section 307; provided further that, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301, if the Redemption Date is after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the Interest Payment Date, the accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable to the Holder of the redeemed Securities registered on the relevant Regular Record Date. 52 If any Security called for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal and premium, if any, shall, until paid, bear interest from the Redemption Date at the rate prescribed therefor in the Security. Section 1107. Securities Redeemed in Part . Any Security which is to be redeemed only in part shall be surrendered at a Place of Payment therefor (with, if the Company or the Trustee so requires, due endorsement by, or a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder thereof or such Holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing), and the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon Company Order, shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder of such Security without service charge, a new Security or Securities of the same series and of like tenor, of any authorized denomination as requested by such Holder, in principal amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed portion of the principal of the Security so surrendered. Section 1108. Redemption for Tax Purposes . The Company may redeem the Securities at its option, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to the Redemption Date, at any time the Company receives an Opinion of Counsel that as a result of (1) any change in or amendment to the laws or treaties (or any regulations or rulings promulgated under these laws or treaties) of any Taxing Jurisdiction (including any political subdivision thereof or taxation authority therein affecting taxation) or (2) any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any action taken by any Taxing Jurisdiction, which action is applied generally or is taken with respect to the Company, or a decision rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction in a Taxing Jurisdiction whether or not such decision was rendered with respect to the Company), the Company will be required as of the next Interest Payment Date to pay Additional Amounts with respect to the Securities as provided in Section 1005 and such requirement cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures (consistent with practices and interpretations generally followed or in effect at the time such measures could be taken) then available. If the Company elects to redeem the Securities under this provision, the Company will give written notice of such election at least 15 days but no more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to the Trustee and the Holders. Interest on the Securities will cease to accrue on the Redemption Date unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price set forth in this Section 1108. ARTICLE XII SINKING FUNDS Section 1201. Applicability of Article . The provisions of this Article XII shall be applicable to any sinking fund for the retirement of Securities of any series except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities. The minimum amount of any sinking fund payment provided for by the terms of any series of Securities is herein referred to as a “mandatory sinking fund payment,” and any payment in excess of such minimum amount provided for by the terms of such Securities is herein referred to as an “optional sinking fund payment.” If provided for by the terms of any series of Securities, the cash amount of any sinking fund payment may be subject to reduction as provided in Section 1202. Each sinking fund payment shall be applied to the redemption of Securities of the series as provided for by the terms of such Securities. Section 1202. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities . The Company (1) may deliver Outstanding Securities of a series (other than any previously called for redemption) and (2) may apply as a credit Securities of a series which have been redeemed either at the election of the Company pursuant to the terms of such Securities or through the application of permitted 53 optional sinking fund payments pursuant to the terms of such Securities, in each case in satisfaction of all or any part of any sinking fund payment with respect to any Securities of such series required to be made pursuant to the terms of such Securities as and to the extent provided for by the terms of such Securities; provided that the Securities to be so credited have not been previously so credited. The Securities to be so credited shall be received and credited for such purpose by the Trustee at the Redemption Price, as specified in the Securities so to be redeemed, for redemption through operation of the sinking fund and the amount of such sinking fund payment shall be reduced accordingly. Section 1203. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund . Not less than 45 days (or such shorter period as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee) prior to each sinking fund payment date for any Securities, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate specifying the amount of the next ensuing sinking fund payment for such Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities, the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by payment of cash and the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by delivering and crediting Securities pursuant to Section 1202 and will also deliver to the Trustee any Securities to be so delivered. Not less than 30 days prior to each such sinking fund payment date, the Securities to be redeemed upon such sinking fund payment date shall be selected in the manner specified in Section 1103 and the Company shall cause notice of the redemption thereof to be given in the name of and at the expense of the Company in the manner provided in Section 1104. Such notice having been duly given, the redemption of such Securities shall be made upon the terms and in the manner stated in Section 1106 and Section 1107. ARTICLE XIII DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE Section 1301. Company ’ s Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance . Unless otherwise provided as contemplated by Section 301, Section 1302 and Section 1303 shall apply to all Securities or each series of Securities, as the case may be, in either case, denominated in U.S. dollars and bearing interest at a fixed rate, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided pursuant to Section 301 and upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article XIII; and the Company may elect, at its option at any time, to have Section 1302 and Section 1303 applied to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, pursuant to such Section 1302 or Section 1303, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided pursuant to Section 301 and upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article XIII. Any such election to have or not to have Section 1302 and Section 1303 apply, as the case may be, shall be evidenced by a Board Resolution, Officer’s Certificate or in another manner specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities. Section 1302. Defeasance and Discharge . Upon the Company’s exercise of its option, if any, to have this Section 1302 applied to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, or if this Section 1302 shall otherwise apply to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, the Company shall be deemed to have been discharged from its obligations with respect to such Securities as provided in this Section 1302 on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 1304 are satisfied (hereinafter called “ Defeasance ”). For this purpose, such Defeasance means that the Company shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness represented by such Securities and to have satisfied all its other obligations under such Securities and this Indenture insofar as such Securities are concerned (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute such instruments reasonably requested by the Company acknowledging the same), subject to the following which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder: (1) the rights of Holders of such Securities to receive, solely from the trust fund described in Section 1304 and as more fully set forth in such Section 1305, payments in respect of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on such Securities when payments are due, (2) the Company’s obligations with respect to such Securities under Section 304, Section 305, Section 306, Section 1003, Section 1004, Section 1005 and the Company’s obligations to the Trustee under Section 607, (3) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the 54 Trustee hereunder and (4) this Article XIII. Subject to compliance with this Article XIII, the Company may exercise its option, if any, to have this Section 1302 applied to the Securities of any series notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option, if any, to have Section 1303 applied to such Securities. Section 1303. Covenant Defeasance . Upon the Company’s exercise of its option, if any, to have this Section 1303 applied to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, or if this Section 1303 shall otherwise apply to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, (1) the Company shall be released from its obligations under any covenants provided pursuant to Section 301(22), Section 901(1) or Section 901(8) for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities and the covenants set forth in Section 704, Section 1002, Section 1007 and Section 801, and (2) the occurrence of any event specified in Section 501(3) and Section 501(6) shall be deemed not to be or result in an Event of Default, in each case with respect to such Securities as provided in this Section 1303 on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 1304 are satisfied (hereinafter called “ Covenant Defeasance ”). For this purpose, such Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to such Securities, the Company may omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such specified Section, whether directly or indirectly by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such Section or by reason of any reference in any such Section to any other provision herein or in any other document, but the remainder of this Indenture and such Securities shall be unaffected thereby. Section 1304. Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance . The following shall be the conditions to the application of Section 1302 or Section 1303 to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be: (1) The Company shall irrevocably have deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee (or another trustee which satisfies the requirements contemplated by Section 609 and agrees to comply with the provisions of this Article XIII applicable to it) as trust funds in trust for the purpose of making the following payments, specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefits of the Holders of such Securities, (A) money in an amount, or (B) (i) in the case of any Securities denominated in U.S. Dollars, cash in U.S. Dollars and/or U.S. Government Obligations, and (ii) in the case of any Securities denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than composite currency), money and/or Foreign Government Obligations, in each case which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms will provide money in an amount, or (C) a combination thereof, in each case sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge, and which shall be applied by the Trustee (or any such other qualifying trustee) to pay and discharge, the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on such Securities on the respective Stated Maturities, in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and such Securities. As used herein, “U.S. Government Obligation” means (x) any security which is (i) a direct obligation of the United States of America for the payment of which the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged or (ii) an obligation of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States of America, which, in either case (i) or (ii), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and (y) any depositary receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act) as custodian with respect to any U.S. Government Obligation which is specified in clause (x) above and held by such bank for the account of the holder of such depositary receipt, or with respect to any specific payment of principal of or interest on any U.S. Government Obligation which is so specified and held; provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary receipt from any amount received by the 55 custodian in respect of the U.S. Government Obligation or the specific payment of principal or interest evidenced by such depositary receipt. (2) In the event of an election to have Section 1302 apply to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that (A) the Company has received from, or there has been published by, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (B) since the date of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable Federal income tax law, in either case (A) or (B) to the effect that, and based thereon such opinion shall confirm that, the Holders of such Securities will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit, Defeasance and discharge to be effected with respect to such Securities and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would be the case if such deposit, Defeasance and discharge were not to occur. (3) In the event of an election to have Section 1303 apply to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Holders of such Securities will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit and Covenant Defeasance to be effected with respect to such Securities and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would be the case if such deposit and Covenant Defeasance were not to occur. (4) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate to the effect that neither such Securities nor any other Securities of the same series, if then listed on any securities exchange, will be delisted as a result of such deposit. (5) No Default or Event of Default with respect to such Securities or any other Securities shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such deposit or, insofar as Section 501(4) or Section 501(5) are concerned, at any time on or prior to the 90th day after the date of such deposit (it being understood that this condition shall not be deemed satisfied until after such 90th day). (6) Such Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. (7) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent with respect to such Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance have been complied with (in each case, subject to the satisfaction of the condition in clause (5)). Before or after a deposit, the Company may make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the redemption of Securities at a future date in accordance with Article XI. Section 1305. Deposited Money and U . S . Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust; Miscellaneous Provisions . Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 1003, all money and U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee or other qualifying trustee (solely for purposes of this Section 1305 and Section 1306, the Trustee and any such other trustee are referred to collectively as the “ Trustee ”) pursuant to Section 1304 in respect of any Securities shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any such Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Securities, of all sums due and to become due thereon in 56 respect of principal and premium, if any, and interest, but money so held in trust need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Company shall pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the U.S. Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 1304 or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of Outstanding Securities; provided that the Trustee shall be entitled to charge any such tax, fee or other charge to such Holder’s account. Anything in this Article XIII to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon Company Request any money or U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Currency or Foreign Government Obligations held by it as provided in Section 1304 with respect to any Securities which are in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required to be deposited to effect the Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance, as the case may be, with respect to such Securities. Section 1306. Reinstatement . If the Trustee or the Paying Agent is unable to apply any money in accordance with this Article XIII with respect to any Securities by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the obligations under this Indenture and such Securities from which the Company has been discharged or released pursuant to Section 1302 or Section 1303 shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to this Article XIII with respect to such Securities, until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all money held in trust pursuant to Section 1305 with respect to such Securities in accordance with this Article XIII; provided , however , that (a) if the Company makes any payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any such Security following such reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights, if any, of the Holders of such Securities to receive such payment from the money so held in trust and (b) unless otherwise required by any legal proceeding or any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority, the Trustee or Paying Agent shall return all such money and U.S. Government Obligations to the Company promptly after receiving a written request therefor at any time, if such reinstatement of the Company’s obligations has occurred and continues to be in effect. ARTICLE XIV REPAYMENT AT THE OPTION OF HOLDERS Section 1401. Applicability of Article . Repayment of Securities of any series before their Stated Maturity at the option of Holders thereof shall be made in accordance with the terms of such Securities and (except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for Securities of any series) in accordance with this Article XIV. Section 1402. Repayment of Securities . Securities of any series subject to repayment in whole or in part at the option of the Holders thereof will, unless otherwise provided in the terms of such Securities, be repaid at a price equal to the principal amount thereof and premium, if any, thereon, together with interest thereon accrued to the Repayment Date specified in or pursuant to the terms of such Securities. The Company covenants that on or before the Repayment Date it will deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent (or, if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 1004) an amount of money sufficient to pay the principal (or, if so provided by the terms of the Securities of any series, a percentage of the principal) of, the premium, if any, and (except if the Repayment Date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest on, all the Securities or portions thereof, as the case may be, to be repaid on such date. 57 Section 1403. Exercise of Option . Securities of any series subject to repayment at the option of the Holders thereof will contain an “Option to Elect Repayment” form on the reverse of such Securities. To be repaid at the option of the Holder, any Security so providing for such repayment, with the “Option to Elect Repayment” form on the reverse of such Security duly completed by the Holder (or by the Holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing), must be received by the Company at the Place of Payment therefor specified in the terms of such Security (or at such other place or places of which the Company shall from time to time notify the Holders of such Securities) not earlier than 45 days nor later than 30 days prior to the Repayment Date. If less than the entire principal amount of such Security is to be repaid in accordance with the terms of such Security, the principal amount of such Security to be repaid, in increments of the minimum denomination for Securities of such series, and the denomination or denominations of the Security or Securities to be issued to the Holder for the portion of the principal amount of such Security surrendered that is not to be repaid, must be specified. The principal amount of any Security providing for repayment at the option of the Holder thereof may not be repaid in part if, following such repayment, the unpaid principal amount of such Security would be less than the minimum authorized denomination of Securities of the series of which such Security to be repaid is a part. Except as otherwise may be provided by the terms of any Security providing for repayment at the option of the Holder thereof, exercise of the repayment option by the Holder shall be irrevocable unless waived by the Company. Section 1404. When Securities Presented for Repayment Become Due and Payable . If Securities of any series providing for repayment at the option of the Holders thereof shall have been surrendered as provided in this Article XIV and as provided by or pursuant to the terms of such Securities, such Securities or the portions thereof, as the case may be, to be repaid shall become due and payable and shall be paid by the Company on the Repayment Date therein specified, and on and after such Repayment Date (unless the Company shall default in the payment of such Securities on such Repayment Date) such Securities shall, if the same were interest-bearing, cease to bear interest. Upon surrender of any such Security for repayment in accordance with such provisions, the principal amount of such Security so to be repaid shall be paid by the Company, together with accrued interest and/or premium, if any, to (but excluding) the Repayment Date; provided , however , that, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301, installments of interest, if any, whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Repayment Date shall be payable (but without interest thereon, unless the Company shall default in the payment thereof) to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor Securities, registered as such at the close of business on the relevant Regular Record Date according to their terms and the provisions of Section 307. If the principal amount of any Security surrendered for repayment shall not be so repaid upon surrender thereof, such principal amount (together with interest, if any, thereon accrued to such Repayment Date) and any premium shall, until paid, bear interest from the Repayment Date at the rate of interest or yield to maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) set forth in such Security. Section 1405. Securities Repaid in Part . Upon surrender of any Security which is to be repaid in part only, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder of such Security, without service charge and at the expense of the Company, a new Security or Securities of the same series, of any authorized denomination specified by the Holder, in a principal amount equal to and in exchange for the portion of the principal of such Security so surrendered which is not to be repaid. * * * This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Electronic signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature provider identified by any other party hereto and acceptable to the Trustee) shall be deemed original signatures for all purposes. Each other party to this First Supplemental 58 Indenture assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and electronic methods to send Notices to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized Notice and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may in any instance and in its sole discretion require that a Notice in the form of an original document bearing a manual signature be delivered to the Trustee in lieu of, or in addition to, any such electronic Notice. [ Signature page follows ] 59 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the day and year first above written. APPLOVIN CORPORATION By: /s/ Matthew A. Stumpf Name: Matthew A. Stumpf Title: Chief Financial Officer [Signature Page to Indenture] WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By: /s/ Iris Munoz Name: Iris Munoz Title: Assistant Vice President [Signature Page to Indenture]
EX-4.2 Exhibit 4.2 AppLovin Corporation and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 5.125% Senior Notes due 2029 5.375% Senior Notes due 2031 5.500% Senior Notes due 2034 5.950% Senior Notes due 2054 FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of December 5, 2024 to the INDENTURE Dated as of December 5, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 1 Section 1.01. Definitions 1 Section 1.02. Relationship with Base Indenture 6 ARTICLE II FORM OF NOTES 7 Section 2.01. Form of Notes 7 Section 2.02. Special Transfer Provisions 8 ARTICLE III THE INITIAL NOTES 9 Section 3.01. Amount; Series; Terms 9 Section 3.02. Denominations 11 Section 3.03. Additional Notes; Repurchases 11 Section 3.04. No Sinking Fund 11 Section 3.05. Satisfaction and Discharge 11 Section 3.06. Additional Amounts 11 ARTICLE IV REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES 11 Section 4.01. Optional Redemption 11 Section 4.02. Purchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event 13 ARTICLE V COVENANTS AND REMEDIES 14 Section 5.01. Limitation on Liens 14 Section 5.02. Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 17 Section 5.03. Events of Default 17 Section 5.04. SEC Reports 18 Section 5.05. References in Base Indenture 18 ARTICLE VI DEFEASANCE 18 Section 6.01. Covenant Defeasance 18 ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS 19 Section 7.01. Counterparts; Notices 19 Section 7.02. Governing Law 19 Section 7.03. Recitals by the Company 19 Section 7.04. Separability Clause 19 Section 7.05. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 19 Section 7.06. Conflicts with Trust Indenture Act 19 Exhibit A Form of 2029 Global Note Exhibit B Form of 2031 Global Note Exhibit C Form of 2034 Global Note Exhibit D Form of 2054 Global Note i FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE , dated as of December 5, 2024 (“ First Supplemental Indenture ”), to the Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance therewith, other than with respect to a particular series of debt securities, the “ Base Indenture ” and, as amended, modified and supplemented by this First Supplemental Indenture, the “ Indenture ”), by and between AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”). Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other parties and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes: WHEREAS , the Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of and the Company and the Trustee has executed and delivered the Base Indenture to provide for the issuance from time to time of senior debt securities to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Base Indenture; WHEREAS , the Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery, and desires and has requested the Trustee to join it in the execution and delivery, of this First Supplemental Indenture in order to establish and provide for the issuance by the Company of Securities designated as its 5.125% Senior Notes due 2029 (the “ 2029 Notes ”), its 5.375% Senior Notes due 2031 (the “ 2031 Notes ”), its 5.500% Senior Notes due 2034 (the “ 2034 Notes ”) and its 5.950% Senior Notes due 2054 (the “ 2054 Notes ” and, cumulatively with the 2029 Notes, the 2031 Notes and the 2034 Notes, the “ Notes ”) on the terms set forth herein; WHEREAS , Section 901 of the Base Indenture provides that a supplemental indenture may be entered into by the parties for such purpose without notice to or the consent of any Holder; provided certain conditions are met; WHEREAS , the conditions set forth in the Base Indenture for the execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture have been met; and WHEREAS , all things necessary to make this First Supplemental Indenture a valid and binding agreement of the parties, in accordance with its terms, and a valid amendment of, and supplement to, the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes have been done. NOW, THEREFORE : ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION Section 1.01. Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Base Indenture. To the extent terms are defined in both this First Supplemental Indenture and the Base Indenture, the applicable definition in this First Supplemental Indenture shall control. The words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereby” and other words of similar import used in this First Supplemental Indenture refer to this First Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof. As used herein, the following terms have the specified meanings: “ 2029 Additional Notes ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ 2031 Additional Notes ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ 2034 Additional Notes ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ 2054 Additional Notes ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ 2029 Par Call Date ” means November 1, 2029. 1 “ 2031 Par Call Date ” means October 1, 2031. “ 2034 Par Call Date ” means September 1, 2034. “ 2054 Par Call Date ” means June 1, 2054. “ Additional Notes ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Agent Members ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b)(ii) of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Attributable Debt ” means, with respect to any sale and leaseback transaction, at the time of determination, the lesser of (1) the fair market value of the Property (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) subject to such transaction, and (2) the total obligation (discounted to the present value at the implicit interest factor, determined in accordance with GAAP, included in the rental payments) of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of property taxes as well as maintenance, repairs, insurance, water rates and other items which do not constitute payments for property rights) during the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included in such transaction. In the case of any lease which is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such present value shall be the lesser of (i) the present value determined assuming termination upon the first date such lease may be terminated (in which case the present value shall also include the amount of the penalty, but shall not include any rent that would be required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be terminated), and (ii) the present value assuming no such termination. “ Base Indenture ” has the meaning specified in the recitals of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Business Day ” means, with respect to each series of Notes, any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is not a day on which the banking institutions are authorized or required by law or executive order to close or on which commercial banks in New York, New York or the place of payment are authorized or required by law to close. “ Change of Control ” means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any “person” (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to the Company, one of its Subsidiaries or a Permitted Holder; (2) the adoption of a plan by the Board of Directors relating to the Company’s liquidation or dissolution; (3) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (other than the Company or one of its Subsidiaries), other than a Permitted Holder, becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the aggregate of the total voting power of the Company’s Voting Shares or other Voting Shares into which the Company’s Voting Shares are reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; provided, however , that (x) a person shall not be deemed the beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially, (A) any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or any Affiliates of such person until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange thereunder, or (B) any securities if such beneficial ownership (i) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, and (ii) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act and (y) a transaction will not be deemed to involve a change of control under this clause (3) if (A) the Company becomes a direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of a holding company and (B)(i) the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Shares of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Company’s Voting Shares immediately prior to that transaction, (ii) the Company’s Voting Shares outstanding immediately prior to such transaction are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the voting stock of such holding company immediately after giving effect to such transaction or (iii) immediately following that transaction no person (other than a holding company satisfying the requirements of this sentence) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Shares of such holding company; or (4) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the outstanding Voting Shares of the Company or such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the Company’s Voting Shares outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are 2 converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Shares (measured by voting power) of the surviving person or any direct or indirect parent company of any surviving person immediately after giving effect to such transaction; provided , however , that a merger of the Company with any of its Subsidiaries solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Company in another jurisdiction within the United States shall not constitute a “Change of Control.” Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction shall not constitute a “Change of Control” if (i) the transaction involves the transfer of assets between or among the Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii) any person or group includes one or more Permitted Holders, the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Company directly or indirectly owned by the Permitted Holders that are part of such person or group shall not be treated as being owned by such person or group for purposes of determining whether clauses (1) or (3) of this definition is triggered and (iii) a person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Shares subject to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Voting Shares in connection with the transactions contemplated by such agreement. “ Change of Control Notice ” has the meaning specified in Section 4.02(a) of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Change of Control Offer ” has the meaning specified in Section 4.02(a) of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Change of Control Payment Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 4.02(a) of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Change of Control Repurchase Event ” means, with respect to any series of Notes, the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event. “ Clearstream ” means Clearstream Banking S.A. “ Company ” means the party named as such in the recitals of this First Supplemental Indenture until a successor replaces it pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Indenture and thereafter means the successor. “ Consolidated Total Assets ” means, as of any date of determination, the total assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as shown on or reflected on the Company’s most recent internal consolidated balance sheet, including relevant footnotes thereto (without duplication), prepared in accordance with GAAP, after giving effect to any acquisitions or dispositions occurring subsequent to the date of such balance sheet. “ Custodian ” means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. “ DTC participants ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01 of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Euroclear ” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. “ Event of Default ” has the meaning specified in Section 5.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ First Supplemental Indenture ” has the meaning specified in the recitals of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Fitch ” means Fitch Ratings, Inc. and its successors. “ GAAP ” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America in effect from time to time. “ Global Notes Legend ” means the legend set forth on the face of each Note as set forth in Exhibits A, B, C and D to this First Supplemental Indenture. 3 “ Hedging Obligations ” means, with respect to any specified Person, the obligations of such Person under: (1) interest rate swap agreements (whether from fixed to floating or from floating to fixed), interest rate cap agreements and interest rate collar agreements; (2) other agreements or arrangements designed to manage interest rates or interest rate risk; (3) other agreements or arrangements designed to protect against fluctuations in equity prices; and (4) other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in currency exchange rates or commodity prices. “ Indebtedness ” means, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money (including, without limitation, indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments but not including Non-recourse Obligations), if and to the extent any of the foregoing indebtedness would appear as a liability upon an unconsolidated balance sheet of such Person (but does not include contingent liabilities which appear only in a footnote to a balance sheet). “ Indenture ” has the meaning specified in the recitals of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ interest ” with respect to the Notes means interest with respect thereto. “ Initial Notes ” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b) of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Investment Grade ” means a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Fitch); a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody’s (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Moody’s); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P); or, if applicable, the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any Substitute Rating Agency appointed in accordance with the proviso to the definition of “Rating Agency.” “ Investors ” means each of Adam Foroughi, the Foroughi 2015 Irrevocable Trust, Andrew Karam, the Karam 2015 Irrevocable Trust and John Krystynak and, in each case, any of their Affiliates. “ Issue Date ” means the first date on which the Notes are issued under this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Lien ” means any mortgage, lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, charge, security interest, preference, priority or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any lease in the nature thereof); provided, however , that in no event shall any lease not required to be accounted for as a financing lease or an accounting lease in accordance with GAAP in effect on the Issue Date (including any operating lease) be deemed to constitute a Lien. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and its successors. “ Non-recourse Obligation ” means Indebtedness or other obligations substantially related to (1) the acquisition of assets not previously owned by the Company or any direct or indirect Subsidiaries of the Company or (2) the financing of a project involving the development or expansion of the properties of the Company or any direct or indirect Subsidiaries of the Company, as to which the obligee with respect to such Indebtedness or obligation has no recourse to the Company or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company or such Subsidiary’s assets other than the assets which were acquired with the proceeds of such transaction or the project financed with the proceeds of such transaction (and the proceeds thereof). “ Notes ” has the meaning specified in the recitals of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Notice ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.01 of this First Supplemental Indenture. “ Permitted Holder ” means (i) the Investors and their respective Affiliates and members of management of the Company or any Subsidiary (or their respective direct or indirect parent) who are holders of equity interests of the Company (or its direct or indirect parent company) and any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision) of which any of the foregoing are members; provided that, in the case of such group and without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, such Investors, 4 their respective affiliates and members of management, collectively, have beneficial ownership of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Shares of the Company or any other direct or indirect parent entity, (ii) any direct or indirect parent entity formed not in connection with, or in contemplation of, a transaction that, assuming such parent was not formed after giving effect thereto, would constitute a Change of Control and (iii) any entity (other than a parent entity) through which a parent entity described in clause (ii) directly or indirectly holds equity interests of the Company and has no other material operations other than those incidental thereto. “ Property ” means (i) any real property or any permanent improvement thereon owned by the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries located in the United States, except such as the Company’s management determines in good faith (taking into account, among other things, the importance of such property to the business, financial condition and earnings of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole) not to be of material importance to the business of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and (ii) the capital stock of any United States Subsidiary that is owned by the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, in the case of each of clause (i) and (ii), whether now owned or hereafter acquired. “ Rating Agency ” means each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P; provided that if any of Fitch, Moody’s or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available, “Rating Agency” shall include a “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act appointed by us as a substitute for such rating agency (a “ Substitute Rating Agency ”). “ Ratings Event ” means the rating on the Notes of the applicable series is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies and such series of Notes is rated below Investment Grade by at least two of the three Rating Agencies on any day during the Trigger Period. If any of the Rating Agencies is not providing a rating of the Notes of the applicable series on any day during the Trigger Period for any reason (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to the Company’s right to engage a Substitute Rating Agency as provided herein), the rating of such Rating Agency for the Notes of such series shall be deemed to have ceased to be Investment Grade during the Trigger Period. “ Record Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(d), (e), (f) or (g) of this First Supplemental Indenture, as applicable. “ Restricted Subsidiary ” means a Subsidiary of the Company of which substantially all of its property is located, or substantially all of its business is conducted, in the United States that owns any Property, other than any of the Company’s less than 80%-owned Subsidiaries if the common stock of such Subsidiary is traded on any national securities exchange or on the over-the-counter markets. “ S&P ” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and its successors. “ Subsidiary ” of any specified Person means any corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of capital stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. “ Substitute Rating Agency ” has the meaning set forth in the definition of “Rating Agency.” “ Treasury Rate ” means, with respect to any redemption date pursuant to Section 4.01 of this First Supplemental Indenture, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as “Selected Interest Rates (Daily) — H.15” (or any successor designation or publication) (“H.15”) under the caption “U.S. government securities — Treasury constant maturities — Nominal” (or any successor caption or heading) (“H.15 TCM”). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as 5 applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the applicable Par Call Date (the “Remaining Life”); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields — one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life — and shall interpolate to the applicable Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the applicable Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the applicable Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the applicable Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the applicable Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the applicable Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. “ Trigger Period ” means the period commencing on the earlier of (a) the first public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or (b) the public announcement by the Company of its intention to effect a Change of Control, and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes of the applicable series is under publicly announced consideration for a possible rating downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies on such 60 th day, such extension to last with respect to each such Rating Agency until the date on which such Rating Agency considering such possible rating downgrade either (x) rates the applicable series of Notes below Investment Grade or (y) publicly announces that it is no longer considering such series of Notes for a possible downgrade). “ Voting Shares ” of any specified “person” (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any date means the shares, interests, participants, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person. Section 1.02. Relationship with Base Indenture. The terms and provisions contained in this First Supplemental Indenture will constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of the Base Indenture and the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby; provided, however, that the provisions of this First Supplemental Indenture shall apply solely with respect to the 2029 Notes, the 2031 Notes, the 2034 Notes and the 2054 Notes and that, except as expressly supplemented hereby with respect to the 2029 Notes, the 2031 Notes, the 2034 Notes and the 2054 Notes, the Base Indenture shall continue in full force and effect and is in all respects confirmed, ratified and preserved. The Base Indenture and this First Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. In the event that any provision of this First Supplemental Indenture expressly limits, qualifies or conflicts with a provision of the Base Indenture, such provision of this First Supplemental Indenture shall control. 6 ARTICLE II FORM OF NOTES Section 2.01. Form of Notes. (a) Each series of the Notes shall be substantially in the form of the corresponding Exhibit attached hereto (other than, with respect to any Additional Notes of any series of the Notes, changes related to issue date, issue price and first Interest Payment Date of such Additional Notes). The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, rule or usage to which the Company is subject. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. (i) Initial Notes shall be in the form of one or more permanent global securities in fully registered form (each a “ Global Note ” and, collectively, the “ Global Notes ”) without interest coupons and with the Global Notes Legend set forth in Exhibits A, B, C and D to this First Supplemental Indenture. Ownership of beneficial interests in each Global Note will be limited to persons who have accounts with DTC (“ DTC participants ”) or persons who hold interests through DTC participants. The aggregate principal amount of the Global Notes may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee and the Depositary or its nominee as hereinafter provided. (b) This Section 2.01(b) shall apply only to a Global Note deposited with or on behalf of the Depositary. (i) The Company shall execute and the Trustee shall, in accordance with this Section 2.01(b), authenticate and deliver one or more Global Notes that (A) shall be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Note or the nominee of such Depositary and (B) shall be delivered by the Trustee to such Depositary or pursuant to such Depositary’s instructions or held by the Trustee as custodian for the Depositary. (ii) Members of, or participants in, the Depositary (“ Agent Members ”) shall have no rights under this First Supplemental Indenture with respect to any Global Note held on their behalf by the Depositary or by the Trustee as custodian for the Depositary or under such Global Note, and the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall be entitled to treat the Depositary as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Company, the Trustee or any agent of the Company or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices of such Depositary governing the exercise of the rights of a Holder of a beneficial interest in any Global Note. (iii) None of the Trustee, any agent of the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Security Registrar shall have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this First Supplemental Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between or among Agent Members or beneficial owners in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by, the terms of this First Supplemental Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof. (iv) Neither the Trustee, any agent of the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Security Registrar shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary. (c) If at any time the Depositary notifies the Company that it is unwilling, unable or no longer qualified to continue as Depositary for the Global Notes, the Company shall use reasonable efforts to appoint a successor Depositary with respect to such Global Notes. If (i) a successor Depositary for such Global Notes is not appointed within 90 days after the Company receives such notice or becomes aware of such ineligibility, (ii) the Company, at its option, notifies the Trustee that it elects to cause the issuance of Notes in definitive form, or (iii) there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to the Notes of such series and the Depositary notifies the Trustee of its decision to exchange the Global Notes of such series for Notes in definitive form of such series, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Officer’s Certificate of the Company directing the authentication and delivery thereof, will authenticate and deliver to each holder of a beneficial interest in the Global Notes, Notes in definitive form in any authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Notes in exchange for such Global Notes. 7 (d) Except as provided in Section 2.01(c) and Section 2.02 hereof, owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes shall not be entitled to receive physical delivery of Notes in definitive form. (e) The terms and provisions contained in the Notes shall constitute, and are expressly made, a part of this First Supplemental Indenture and, to the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and agree to be bound thereby. If there is any conflict between the terms of the Notes and this First Supplemental Indenture, the terms of this First Supplemental Indenture shall govern. (f) The Notes may be presented for registration of transfer and exchange at the offices of the Security Registrar. Section 2.02. Special Transfer Provisions. (a) Restrictions on Transfer of a Note in Definitive Form for a Beneficial Interest in a Global Note . A definitive Note may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest in a Global Note except upon satisfaction of the requirements set forth below. Upon receipt by the Trustee of a definitive Note, duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar, together with: (i) written instructions directing the Trustee to make, or to direct the Custodian to make, an adjustment on its books and records with respect to such Global Note to reflect an increase in the aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented by the Global Note, such instructions to contain information regarding the Depositary account to be credited with such increase, then the Trustee shall cancel such definitive Note and cause, in accordance with the standing instructions and procedures existing between the Depositary and the Trustee, the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note to be increased by the aggregate principal amount of the definitive Note to be exchanged and shall credit or cause to be credited to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in the Global Note equal to the principal amount of the definitive Note so canceled. If no Global Notes are then outstanding and the Global Note has not been previously exchanged for definitive Notes pursuant to Section 2.02 hereof, the Company shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate, upon receipt of a Company Order, a new Global Note in the appropriate principal amount. (b) Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. (i) The transfer and exchange of Global Notes or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with this First Supplemental Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth herein, if any) and the procedures of the Depositary therefor. A transferor of a beneficial interest in a Global Note shall deliver a written order given in accordance with the Depositary’s procedures containing information regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in such Global Note or another Global Note and such account shall be credited in accordance with such order with a beneficial interest in the applicable Global Note and the account of the Person making the transfer shall be debited by an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Note being transferred. (ii) If the proposed transfer is a transfer of a beneficial interest in one Global Note to a beneficial interest in another Global Note, the Security Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in the principal amount of the Global Note to which such interest is being transferred in an amount equal to the principal amount of the interest to be so transferred, and the Security Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and a corresponding decrease in the principal amount of the Global Note from which such interest is being transferred. (iii) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this First Supplemental Indenture, a Global Note may not be transferred as a whole except by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. 8 (c) Any Holder of a Global Note shall, by acceptance of such Global Note, acknowledge the restrictions on transfer of such Note set forth in this First Supplemental Indenture and in the Global Note Legend and agrees that it shall transfer such Note only as provided in this First Supplemental Indenture. ARTICLE III THE INITIAL NOTES Section 3.01. Amount; Series; Terms. (a) There is hereby created and designated four separate series of Initial Notes under the Base Indenture: (1) the “5.125% Senior Notes due 2029”, (2) the “5.375% Senior Notes due 2031”, (3) the “5.500% Senior Notes due 2034” and (4) the “5.950% Senior Notes due 2054.” The changes, modifications and supplements to the Base Indenture effected by this First Supplemental Indenture shall be applicable only with respect to, and govern the terms of, each series of Notes, as applicable, and shall not apply to any other series of Notes that may be issued under the Base Indenture unless a supplemental indenture with respect to such other series of Notes specifically incorporates such changes, modifications and supplements. (b) The aggregate principal amount of 2029 Notes that initially may be authenticated and delivered under this First Supplemental Indenture (the “ Initial 2029 Notes ”) shall be limited to $1,000,000,000, subject to increase as set forth in Section 3.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture. The aggregate principal amount of 2031 Notes that initially may be authenticated and delivered under this First Supplemental Indenture (the “ Initial 2031 Notes ”) shall be limited to $1,000,000,000, subject to increase as set forth in Section 3.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture. The aggregate principal amount of 2034 Notes that initially may be authenticated and delivered under this First Supplemental Indenture (the “ Initial 2034 Notes ”) shall be limited to $1,000,000,000, subject to increase as set forth in Section 3.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture. The aggregate principal amount of 2054 Notes that initially may be authenticated and delivered under this First Supplemental Indenture (the “ Initial 2054 Notes ” and, cumulatively with the Initial 2029 Notes, the Initial 2034 Notes and the Initial 2054 Notes, the “ Initial Notes ”) shall be limited to $550,000,000, subject to increase as set forth in Section 3.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture. (c) The Stated Maturity of the 2029 Notes shall be December 1, 2029. The Stated Maturity of the 2031 Notes shall be December 1, 2031. The Stated Maturity of the 2034 Notes shall be December 1, 2034. The Stated Maturity of the 2054 Notes shall be December 1, 2054. The Notes shall be payable and may be presented for payment, purchase, redemption, registration of transfer and exchange, without service charge (subject to Section 305 of the Base Indenture), at the office or agency of the Company maintained for such purpose, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office. (d) The 2029 Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 5.125% per annum and shall accrue interest from December 5, 2024. Interest for the 2029 Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The Interest Payment Dates for the 2029 Notes shall be June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2025, and the “ Record Date ” for any interest payable on each such Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding May 15 and November 15, respectively; provided that upon the Stated Maturity of the 2029 Notes, interest shall be payable on such Stated Maturity from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided, and shall include the required payment of principal or premium, if any; and provided further , that the “ Record Date ” for any interest, principal, or premium, if any, payable on the Stated Maturity of a series of Notes shall be the immediately preceding November 15. If any Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date with respect to the 2029 Notes is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, or the redemption of such 2029 Notes, shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day at such place of payment as if made on the date that such payment was due, and no interest shall accrue on that payment for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date, as the case may be, to the date of that payment on the next succeeding Business Day. 9 (e) The 2031 Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 5.375% per annum and shall accrue interest from December 5, 2024. Interest for the 2031 Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The Interest Payment Dates for the 2031 Notes shall be June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2025, and the “ Record Date ” for any interest payable on each such Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding May 15 and November 15, respectively; provided that upon the Stated Maturity of the 2031 Notes, interest shall be payable on such Stated Maturity from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided, and shall include the required payment of principal or premium, if any; and provided further , that the “ Record Date ” for any interest, principal, or premium, if any, payable on the Stated Maturity of the 2031 Notes shall be the immediately preceding November 15. If any Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date with respect to the 2031 Notes is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, or the redemption of such 2031 Notes, shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day at such place of payment as if made on the date that such payment was due, and no interest shall accrue on that payment for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date, as the case may be, to the date of that payment on the next succeeding Business Day. (f) The 2034 Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 5.500% per annum and shall accrue interest from December 5, 2024. Interest for the 2034 Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The Interest Payment Dates for the 2034 Notes shall be June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2025, and the “ Record Date ” for any interest payable on each such Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding May 15 and November 15, respectively; provided that upon the Stated Maturity of the 2034 Notes, interest shall be payable on such Stated Maturity from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided, and shall include the required payment of principal or premium, if any; and provided further , that the “ Record Date ” for any interest, principal, or premium, if any, payable on the Stated Maturity of the 2034 Notes shall be the immediately preceding November 15. If any Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date with respect to the 2034 Notes is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, or the redemption of such 2034 Notes, shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day at such place of payment as if made on the date that such payment was due, and no interest shall accrue on that payment for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date, as the case may be, to the date of that payment on the next succeeding Business Day. (g) The 2054 Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 5.950% per annum and shall accrue interest from December 5, 2024. Interest for the 2054 Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The Interest Payment Dates for the 2054 Notes shall be June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2025, and the “ Record Date ” for any interest payable on each such Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding May 15 and November 15, respectively; provided that upon the Stated Maturity of the 2054 Notes, interest shall be payable on such Stated Maturity from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided, and shall include the required payment of principal or premium, if any; and provided further , that the “ Record Date ” for any interest, principal, or premium, if any, payable on the Stated Maturity of the 2054 Notes shall be the immediately preceding November 15. If any Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date with respect to the 2054 Notes is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, or the redemption of such 2054 Notes, shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day at such place of payment as if made on the date that such payment was due, and no interest shall accrue on that payment for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date, as the case may be, to the date of that payment on the next succeeding Business Day. (h) Each of the 2029 Notes, the 2031 Notes, the 2034 Notes and the 2054 Notes shall be issued in the form of one or more Global Notes, deposited with the Trustee as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as provided in Section 3.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture and Section 303 of the Base Indenture. (i) Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on a Global Note registered in the name of or held by the Depositary or its nominee shall be made in immediately available funds to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of such Global Note. If any series of Notes are no longer represented by a Global Note, payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on Notes in definitive form may, at the Company’s option, be made (i) by check mailed directly to Holders of such series of Notes at their registered addresses or (ii) upon written request of any Holder of at least $5,000,000 principal amount of such series of Notes, wire transfer to an account located in the United States of America maintained by the payee ( provided that such request contains the requisite information to make such wire transfer). 10 Section 3.02. Denominations. The Notes shall be issuable only in registered form without coupons and only in denominations of $2,000 and any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. Section 3.03. Additional Notes; Repurchases. (a) The Company may, from time to time, subject to compliance with any other applicable provisions of the Indenture, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Notes of the applicable series, create and issue pursuant to the Indenture additional Notes of such series (in the case of the 2029 Notes, the “ 2029 Additional Notes ,” in the case of the 2031 Notes, the “ 2031 Additional Notes ,” in the case of the 2034 Notes, the “ 2034 Additional Notes ,” in the case of the 2054 Notes, the “ 2054 Additional Notes ” and, collectively, the “ Additional Notes ”) having terms and conditions identical to those of the Initial Notes of the applicable series and ranking equally and ratably with the Initial Notes of the applicable series, except that Additional Notes: (i) may have a different issue date from the Notes of the applicable series; and (ii) may have a different amount of interest payable on the first Interest Payment Date after issuance than is payable on the Initial Notes of the applicable series ( provided, however , that a separate CUSIP number may be assigned for any Additional Notes with a different amount of interest payable on the first Interest Payment Date after issuance than is payable on the Initial Notes of the applicable series, if required by DTC (or another Depositary)); provided that if such Additional Notes are not fungible with the outstanding Notes of the applicable series for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Additional Notes shall have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. (b) Such Additional Notes of such series may be consolidated and form a single series with, and shall have the same terms as to ranking, redemption, waivers, amendments or otherwise, as the Initial Notes of the applicable series and shall vote together as one class on all matters with respect to the Notes of such series. (c) The Company may, to the extent permitted by law, directly or indirectly (regardless of whether such Notes are surrendered to the Company), purchase Notes in the open market, negotiated transactions or otherwise, whether by the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries or through a private or public tender or exchange offer or through counterparties to private agreements, including by cash-settled swaps or other derivatives. The Company shall cause any Notes so purchased (other than Notes purchased pursuant to cash-settled swaps or other derivatives) to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, together with a Company Order to cancel such Notes, and such Notes shall no longer be considered outstanding under the Indenture upon their purchase. Section 3.04. No Sinking Fund. The Notes shall not be subject to any sinking fund. Section 3.05. Satisfaction and Discharge . The provisions of Section 401 of the Base Indenture shall apply to the Notes. Section 3.06. Additional Amounts. The provisions of Section 1005 and 1108 of the Base Indenture shall apply to the Notes. ARTICLE IV REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES Section 4.01. Optional Redemption. (a) Subject to Section 1.02 hereof, the provisions of Article XI of the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the provisions of this First Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to the Notes. (b) Prior to the 2029 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the 2029 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2029 Notes 11 matured on the 2029 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after the 2029 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the 2029 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. (c) Prior to the 2031 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the 2031 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2031 Notes matured on the 2031 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2031 Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after the 2031 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the 2031 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2031 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. (d) Prior to the 2034 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the 2034 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2034 Notes matured on the 2034 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2034 Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after the 2034 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the 2034 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2034 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. (e) Prior to the 2054 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the 2054 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2054 Notes matured on the 2054 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2054 Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after the 2054 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the 2054 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2054 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. (f) The Company’s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no duty to calculate or verify the Company’s calculations of the redemption price. (g) Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositary’s procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of the Notes to be redeemed (with a copy to the Trustee). Any redemption or notice may, at the Company’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent and, at the Company’s discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion), or the redemption date may not occur at all and such notice may be rescinded if all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion). The Trustee shall, at the Company’s written request (delivered to the Trustee at least five Business Days prior to the date such notice is to be sent (or such shorter period as the Trustee may agree) with a copy of such notice) give the notice of redemption in the Company’s name and at the Company’s expense. Such notice shall state the redemption price (if known) or the formula pursuant to which the redemption price is to be determined if the redemption price cannot be determined at the time the notice is given. If the redemption price cannot be determined at the time such notice is to be given, the 12 actual redemption price, calculated as set forth in the Indenture, shall be set forth in an Officer’s Certificate delivered to the Trustee no later than two Business Days prior to the redemption date. Notice of redemption having been given as provided in the Indenture, the Notes called for redemption shall become due and payable on the redemption date and at the applicable redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. (h) In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of such Depositary. (i) Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the applicable series of Notes, or portions thereof, called for redemption. (j) If any redemption date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal and interest will be made on the next succeeding Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next succeeding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a redemption date shall be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Record Date in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and the Indenture. (k) On or before 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the redemption date for the Notes, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or a Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay the redemption price of the Notes to be redeemed on the redemption date, and (except if the redemption date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest, if any. Section 4.02. Purchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event . (a) If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs with respect to any series of Notes, unless the Company shall have exercised its option to redeem the Notes of such series pursuant to Section 4.01 of this First Supplemental Indenture, each Holder of the Notes of such series shall have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder’s Notes of such series at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes of such series to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to a series of Notes or, at the option of the Company, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control or event that may constitute the Change of Control, the Company shall deliver a notice (the “ Change of Control Notice ”) to each Holder of such series of Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering (the “ Change of Control Offer ”) to repurchase the Notes of such series on the repurchase date specified in the notice at the option of the Holders of such series of Notes, which date (the “ Change of Control Payment Date ”) shall be no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is delivered. The Change of Control Notice shall, if delivered prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Company’s obligation to repurchase the Notes of the applicable series is conditioned on a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date. (b) On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: (i) accept for payment all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Notice; (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent or tender agent appointed for such purpose an amount equal to the aggregate repurchase price in respect of all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered; and 13 (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being repurchased by the Company. (c) The Paying Agent or tender agent shall promptly deliver to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for the Notes, and the Trustee, upon receipt of a Company Order, shall promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered. (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 4.02, the Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer in connection with a Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third party makes such an offer in connection with such Change of Control Repurchase Event in the manner and at the times required and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for such a Change of Control Offer made by the Company, and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. (e) If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of a series of Notes then outstanding validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Company pursuant to Section 4.02(d) above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company shall have the right, upon not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days’ prior written notice to the Holders of such series of Notes (with a copy to the Trustee), given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described in Section 4.02(b) above, to redeem all Notes of such series that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding the redemption date (subject to the right of Holders of record on a Record Date to receive interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date). (f) The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with any repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with this Section 4.02, the Company shall comply with those securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 4.02 by virtue thereof; provided that the Company otherwise uses commercially reasonable efforts to permit Holders to exercise their rights and to fulfill its obligations in the time and in the manner specified in this Section 4.02 to the extent permitted by such securities laws or regulations. ARTICLE V COVENANTS AND REMEDIES Section 5.01. Limitation on Liens. (a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, create or incur any Lien upon any Property of the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (whether now existing or owned or hereafter created or acquired), in order to secure any Indebtedness of the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries unless prior to or at the same time, the Notes (together with, at the Company’s option, any other Indebtedness of the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries ranking equally in right of payment with the Notes) are equally and ratably secured with or, at the Company’s option, prior to, such secured Indebtedness, until such time as such Indebtedness is no longer secured by such Lien or such Property is no longer owned by the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries. (b) The foregoing restriction in Section 5.01(a) above shall not apply to: (i) Liens existing with respect to any Person at the time such Person becomes a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company, provided that such Lien was not incurred in anticipation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary; 14 (ii) Liens existing on Property at the time of acquisition thereof or at the time of acquisition by the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries of any Person then owning such Property; provided that such Lien was not incurred in anticipation of such acquisition; (iii) Liens securing Indebtedness of the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries owing to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv) Liens existing on the date of issuance of the Initial Notes (excluding any Additional Notes); (v) Liens on Property of a Person existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Company, or at the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Properties of a Person to the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that such Lien was not incurred in anticipation of the merger, consolidation, or sale, lease, other disposition or other such transaction; (vi) Liens created in connection with a project financed with, and created to secure, a Non-recourse Obligation; (vii) Liens created to secure each series of the Notes; (viii) Liens imposed by law or arising by operation of law, such as materialmens’, workmen’s or repairmen’s, carriers’, warehousemen’s and mechanic’s Liens and other similar Liens, in each case for sums not yet overdue by more than 90 calendar days or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or other Liens arising out of judgments or awards against such Person with respect to which such Person shall then be proceeding with an appeal or other proceedings for review and Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to banker’s Liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution; (ix) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies on Property not yet due or payable or subject to penalties for non-payment or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (x) Liens to secure the performance of obligations with respect to statutory or regulatory requirements, bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance or return of money bonds and other obligations of a like nature; (xi) pledges or deposits under workmen’s compensation, unemployment insurance, or similar legislation and Liens of judgments thereunder which are not currently dischargeable, or deposits to secure public or statutory obligations, or deposits in connection with obtaining or maintaining self-insurance or to obtain the benefits of any law, regulation or arrangement pertaining to workmen’s compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security or similar matters, or deposits of cash or obligations of the United States of America to secure surety, appeal or customs bonds, or deposits in litigation or other proceedings such as, but not limited to, interpleader proceedings; (xii) Liens consisting of easements, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions, restrictions on the use of real property, and defects and irregularities in the title thereto, landlords’ Liens and other similar Liens none of which interfere materially with the use of the Property covered thereby in the ordinary course of business and which do not, in the Company’s opinion, materially detract from the value of such Properties; (xiii) Liens in favor of the United States of America or any state, territory or possession thereof (or the District of Columbia), or any department, agency, instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States of America or any state, territory or possession thereof (or the District of Columbia), to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of constructing or improving the Property subject to such Liens; 15 (xiv) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred to finance the construction, acquisition (including acquisition through merger or consolidation), purchase or lease of, or repairs, improvements or additions to, Property (including shares of capital stock), plant or equipment of the Company or the Restricted Subsidiaries; provided , however, that the Lien shall not extend to any other Property owned by the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries at the time the Lien is incurred (other than Property affixed or appurtenant thereto), and the Indebtedness (other than any interest thereon) secured by the Lien shall not be incurred more than 18 months after the later of the acquisition, completion of construction, repair, improvement, addition or commencement of full operation of the Property subject to the Lien; provided further , however, that individual financings of equipment or other fixed or capital assets otherwise permitted to be secured under the Indenture provided by any Person (or its Affiliates) may be cross-collateralized to other such financings provided by such Person (or its Affiliates); (xv) Liens incurred to secure cash or investment management or custodial services in the ordinary course of business or on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; (xvi) Liens securing Hedging Obligations designed for protection from fluctuations in interest rates, currencies, equities or the price of commodities and not for speculative purposes; (xvii) Liens securing reimbursement obligations with respect to commercial letters of credit in the ordinary course of business that encumber cash, documents and other Property relating to such letters of credit and proceeds thereof; (xviii) in connection with the sale or transfer of any equity interests or other assets in a consolidation, merger or sale of assets transaction permitted under the Indenture, customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof; (xix) Liens on Property incurred in connection with any transaction permitted under Section 5.02 below; or (xx) any extensions, renewals, refinancing or replacements of any Lien referred to in clauses (i) through (xix) above without increase of the principal of the Indebtedness secured by such Lien (except to the extent of any fees or other costs associated with any such extension, renewal or replacement); provided, however, that any Liens permitted by any of clauses (i) through (xix) above shall not extend to or cover any Property of the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, other than the Property specified in such clauses and improvements to such Property. (c) Notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in Section 5.01(a) above, the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be permitted to incur Indebtedness secured by Liens which would otherwise be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 5.01(a) above without equally and ratably securing the Notes; provided that, after giving effect to such Indebtedness and the retirement of any Indebtedness secured by Liens (other than Liens described in clauses (i) through (xx) of Section 5.01(b) above) that is being retired substantially concurrently with such incurrence, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness secured by Liens (not including Liens permitted under clauses (i) through (xx) of Section 5.01(b) above), together with all Attributable Debt outstanding pursuant to Section 5.02(b) below, does not exceed the greater of $1,000,000,000 and 15% of the Company’s Consolidated Total Assets. The Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries also may, without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or incur Liens that extend, renew, substitute or replace (including successive extensions, renewals, substitutions or replacements), in whole or in part, any Lien permitted pursuant to the preceding sentence. 16 Section 5.02. Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. (a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any sale and leaseback transaction for the sale and leasing back of any Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, unless: (i) such transaction was entered into prior to the date of issuance of the Initial Notes of each series; (ii) such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Company or any of the Company’s wholly-owned Subsidiaries of any Property by the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries; (iii) such transaction involves a lease for not more than five years (or which may be terminated by the Company or the Restricted Subsidiaries within a period of not more than five years); (iv) the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a Lien with respect to such sale and leaseback transaction without equally and ratably securing the Notes pursuant to Section 5.01(b) of this First Supplemental Indenture (except with respect to a Lien permitted by Section 5.01(b)(xix) of this First Supplemental Indenture); or (v) the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries applies (or to the extent the proceeds are received directly by any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, such Restricted Subsidiary applies) an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of such Property to the purchase of other Property or assets used or useful in the Company’s, such Guarantor’s or such Restricted Subsidiary’s business or to the retirement of the Company’s, such Guarantor’s or such Restricted Subsidiary’s Indebtedness that is pari passu in right of payment with the Notes within 365 days before or after the effective date of any such sale and leaseback transaction; provided that, in lieu of applying such amount to the retirement of pari passu Indebtedness, the Company may deliver Notes with an aggregate outstanding amount equal to such net proceeds to the Trustee for cancellation as provided in Section 3.03 of this First Supplemental Indenture. (b) Notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in Section 5.02(a) above, the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into any sale and leaseback transaction that would otherwise be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 5.02(a) above, if after giving effect thereto the aggregate amount of all Attributable Debt with respect to such transactions (not including Attributable Debt permitted under clauses (i) through (v) of Section 5.02(a) above), together with all Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to Section 5.01(c) of this First Supplemental Indenture, does not exceed the greater of $1,000,000,000 and 15% of the Company’s Consolidated Total Assets. Section 5.03. Events of Default. (a) Section 501 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. Instead, each of the following events shall be an “ Event of Default ” with respect to each series of Notes: (i) default in the payment of any installment of interest on any Note of such series when due and payable, and the continuance of that default for 30 days; (ii) default in the payment of the principal of, or any premium on, any Note of such series when due and payable (whether at its Stated Maturity, upon redemption or otherwise); (iii) a failure by the Company to repurchase Notes of such series tendered for repurchase following the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to such series of Notes in conformity with Section 4.02 of this First Supplemental Indenture; (iv) a failure to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement in respect of such series of Notes, which failure continues for 90 days after written notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of outstanding Notes of such series (including any Additional Notes of such series), requiring the Company to remedy the same; (v) (A) a failure to make any payment at maturity, including any applicable grace period, on any of the Company’s Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness the Company owes to any of its Subsidiaries) outstanding in an amount in excess of $250,000,000 or (B) a default on any of the Company’s Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness the Company owes to any of its Subsidiaries), which default results in the 17 acceleration of such Indebtedness in an amount in excess of $250,000,000 without such Indebtedness having been discharged or the acceleration having been cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, in the case of clause (A) or (B) above, for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of outstanding Notes of a series (including any Additional Notes of such series); provided, however , that if any failure, default or acceleration referred to in clause (A) or (B) above ceases or is cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, then the Event of Default shall be deemed cured; (vi) the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law (A) commences a voluntary case; (B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case; (C) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property; (D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (E) admits in writing its inability to generally pay its debts as such debts become due; or takes any comparable action under any foreign laws relating to insolvency; and (vii) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (A) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case; (B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property; or (C) orders the winding up or liquidation of the Company; or any similar relief is granted under any foreign laws; and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 days. (b) A notice of Default with respect to any Default given by the Trustee or Holders under this Section must specify the Default, demand that it be remedied and state that the notice is a “Notice of Default.” Section 5.04. SEC Reports. “Section 1008 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. Instead, the Company shall, to the extent required by Section 314(a) of the Trust Indenture Act, file with the Trustee, within 15 days after the filing with the Commission, copies of the annual reports and of the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the Commission may by rules and regulations prescribe) which the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (other than confidential filings, documents subject to confidential treatment and correspondence with the Commission); provided , that, the delivery of materials to the Trustee by electronic means or filing of documents via the EDGAR system (or any successor electronic filing system) shall be deemed to be filed with the Trustee as of the time such documents are filed via EDGAR (or such successor system), it being understood that delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustee’s receipt of such shall not constitute actual or constructive knowledge or notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein and the Trustee shall have no obligation to determine whether or not such information, documents or reports have been filed pursuant to the EDGAR system (or its successor) or if the Company is not required to file information, documents or reports pursuant to either of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, then the Company shall file with the Trustee and the Commission, in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the Commission, such of the supplementary and periodic information, documents and reports which may be required pursuant to Section 13 of the Exchange Act in respect of a security listed and registered on a national securities exchange as may be prescribed from time to time in such rules and regulations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be deemed to have failed to comply with any of its obligations under this Section 5.04 until 30 days after the date any information, document or other report hereunder is due. Section 5.05. References in Base Indenture. References to “Section 501(4) or Section 501(5),” and “Section 501(3)” in the Base Indenture shall be deemed to refer to “Section 5.03(a)(vi) or Section 5.03(a)(vii)” and “Section 5.03(a)(iv)” of this First Supplemental Indenture, respectively. ARTICLE VI DEFEASANCE Section 6.01. Covenant Defeasance . In addition to the covenants specified in Section 1303 of the Base Indenture, the Company may omit to comply with respect to a series of Notes with any term, provision or condition set forth in Sections 4.02, 5.01,5.02 and 5.04 of this First Supplemental Indenture by complying with the requirements of Section 1303 of the Base Indenture in respect of such series. 18 ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS Section 7.01. Counterparts; Notices. This First Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon any notice, instruction, or other communication, including any funds transfer instruction (each, a “ Notice ”), received pursuant to this First Supplemental Indenture by electronic transmission (including by e-mail, web portal or other electronic methods) and shall not have any duty to confirm that the Person sending such Notice is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. Electronic signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature provider identified by any other party hereto and acceptable to the Trustee) shall be deemed original signatures for all purposes. Each other party to this First Supplemental Indenture assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and electronic methods to send Notices to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized Notice and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may in any instance and in its sole discretion require that a Notice in the form of an original document bearing a manual signature be delivered to the Trustee in lieu of, or in addition to, any such electronic Notice. Section 7.02. Governing Law. THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Section 7.03. Recitals by the Company . The recitals in this First Supplemental Indenture are made by the Company only and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this First Supplemental Indenture or of the Notes. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of the Notes or the proceeds thereof. The Trustee shall not be responsible to make any calculation with respect to any matter under this First Supplemental Indenture. The Trustee shall have no duty to monitor or investigate the Company’s compliance with or the breach of, or cause to be performed or observed, any representation, warranty, or covenant, or agreement of any Person, other than the Trustee, made in this First Supplemental Indenture. All of the provisions contained in the Base Indenture in respect of the rights, privileges, protections, immunities, powers and duties of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of the Notes and of this First Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like effect as if set forth herein in full. Section 7.04. Separability Clause . In case any provision in this First Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Section 7.05. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents. The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. Section 7.06. Conflicts with Trust Indenture Act . If any provision of this First Supplemental Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with any provision of the Trust Indenture Act that is required under the Trust Indenture Act to be part of and govern any provision of this First Supplemental Indenture, the provision of the Trust Indenture Act shall control. If any provision of this First Supplemental Indenture modifies or excludes any provision of the Trust Indenture Act that may be so modified or excluded, the provision of the Trust Indenture Act shall be deemed to apply to the Indenture as so modified or to be excluded by this First Supplemental Indenture, as the case may be. [ Signature Pages Follow ] 19 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above. APPLOVIN CORPORATION, as Issuer By: /s/ Matthew A. Stumpf Name: Matthew A. Stumpf Title: Chief Financial Advisor WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By: /s/ Iris Munoz Name: Iris Munoz Title: Assistant Vice President [ Signature Page – First Supplemental Indenture ] EXHIBIT A FORM OF 2029 NOTE (FACE OF NOTE) UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. A-1 APPLOVIN CORPORATION 5.125% Senior Notes due 2029 No. [•] CUSIP / ISIN: 03831W AB4 / US03831WAB46 $[•] APPLOVIN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum set forth on the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Note attached hereto on December 1, 2029. Interest payment dates: June 1 and December 1. Record Dates: May 15 and November 15. Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the reverse hereof. A-2 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Global Note to be duly executed as of the date first written above. APPLOVIN CORPORATION, as Issuer By: Name: Title: TRUSTEE’S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION: This is one of the Notes of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. Dated: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By: Name: Title: A-3 (REVERSE OF NOTE) APPLOVIN CORPORATION 5.125% Senior Notes due 2029 (1) Interest . AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (such corporation, and its successors and assigns under the Indenture referred to below, being herein called the “ Company ”), promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the interest rate per annum shown above. The Company shall pay interest semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2025. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from December 5, 2024 and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. (2) Method of Payment . The Company shall pay interest on the Notes (except Defaulted Interest) to the persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on the Record Date immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date even though such Notes are canceled after the Record Date and on or before the Interest Payment Date. Holders of certificated Notes must surrender certificated Notes to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments. The Company shall pay principal and interest in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. Payment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Note shall be made in immediately available funds to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of this Global Note. (3) Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Securities Registrar . Initially, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”) under the Indenture (as defined below), shall act as Paying Agent, transfer agent and Securities Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent, transfer agent, Securities Registrar or co-registrar without notice to the Holders. The Company may act as Paying Agent, transfer agent, Securities Registrar or co-registrar. (4) Indenture . This Note is a “Security,” and the Notes are “Securities” issued under the Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024 (the “ Base Indenture ”), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024, (the “ First Supplemental Indenture ” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “ Indenture ”), between the Company and the Trustee. The Notes are unsecured general obligations of the Company and constitute the “5.125% Senior Notes due 2029,” initially limited to $1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. (5) Optional Redemption . Prior to November 1, 2029, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on November 1, 2029) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after November 1, 2029, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. A-4 The Company’s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no duty to calculate or verify the Company’s calculations of the redemption price. Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositary’s procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of the Notes to be redeemed (with a copy to the Trustee). Any redemption or notice may, at the Company’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent and, at the Company’s discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion), or the redemption date may not occur at all and such notice may be rescinded if all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion). The Trustee shall, at the Company’s written request (delivered to the Trustee at least five Business Days prior to the date such notice is to be sent (or such shorter period as the Trustee may agree) with a copy of such notice) give the notice of redemption in the Company’s name and at the Company’s expense. Such notice shall state the redemption price (if known) or the formula pursuant to which the redemption price is to be determined if the redemption price cannot be determined at the time the notice is given. If the redemption price cannot be determined at the time such notice is to be given, the actual redemption price, calculated as set forth in the Indenture, shall be set forth in an Officer’s Certificate delivered to the Trustee no later than two Business Days prior to the redemption date. Notice of redemption having been given as provided in the Indenture, the Notes called for redemption shall become due and payable on the redemption date and at the applicable redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. Unless we default in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes, or portions thereof, called for redemption. If any redemption date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal and interest will be made on the next succeeding Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next succeeding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a redemption date shall be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Record Date in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and the Indenture. On or before the redemption date for the Notes, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or a Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay the redemption price of the Notes to be redeemed on the redemption date, and (except if the redemption date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest, if any. (6) Change of Control Repurchase Event . If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs with respect to the Notes, unless the Company shall have exercised its option pursuant to Section (5) hereof to redeem the Notes, each Holder of the Notes shall have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder’s Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Notes or, at the option of the Company, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control or event that may constitute the Change of Control, the Company shall deliver a notice (the “ Change of Control Notice ”) to each Holder of the Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering (the “ Change of Control Offer ”) to repurchase such A-5 Notes on the repurchase date specified in the notice at the option of the Holders, which date (the “ Change of Control Payment Date ”) shall be no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is delivered. The Change of Control Notice shall, if delivered prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Company’s obligation to repurchase the Notes is conditioned on a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: (i) accept for payment all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Notice; (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent or tender agent appointed for such purpose an amount equal to the aggregate repurchase price in respect of all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being repurchased by the Company. If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Company pursuant to Section 4.02(d) of the First Supplemental Indenture, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company shall have the right, upon not less than 10 days and no more than 60 days’ prior written notice to the Holders of the Notes (with a copy to the Trustee), given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date (subject to the right of Holders of record on a Record Date to receive interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date). The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with any repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with this Section (6), the Company shall comply with those securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section (6) by virtue thereof; provided that the Company otherwise uses commercially reasonable efforts to permit Holders to exercise their rights and to fulfill its obligations in the time and in the manner specified in this Section (6) to the extent permitted by such securities laws or regulations. (7) Denominations; Transfer; Exchange . The Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer of Notes may be registered, and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Securities Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Company shall not be required (A) to transfer or exchange any Notes subject to redemption during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of the electronic delivery or mailing of a notice of redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of such electronic delivery or mailing or (B) to register the transfer of or exchange any Note so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. (8) Defeasance . Subject to certain conditions as provided in the Indenture, the Company at any time may terminate some or all of its obligations under the Notes and the Indenture if the Company deposits with the Trustee money and/or U.S. Government Obligations for the payment of principal and interest on the Notes to their Stated Maturity. (9) Persons Deemed Owners . The registered Holder of a Note may be treated as its owner for all purposes, except that interest (other than Defaulted Interest) shall be paid to the Person that was the registered Holder on the relevant Record Date for such payment of interest. A-6 (10) Amendments and Waivers. Subject to certain exceptions, (i) the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with respect to this series with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes; and (ii) any existing default with respect to the Notes may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes. Without the consent of any Holder of this series, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented in accordance with Section 901 of the Base Indenture to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, mistake, omission, defect or inconsistency, to provide for the assumption of the Company’s obligations to Holders of this series or to provide for uncertificated Notes or Notes registered under the Securities Act and offered in exchange for this series, to provide for guarantees with respect to, or security for, the Notes, or to comply with amendments to the Trust Indenture Act, or to add additional covenants, or to surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company, or to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of this series. (11) Remedies . If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes may, by notice in writing to the Company (and the Trustee if given by the Holders), declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately. Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee may require security or indemnity before it enforces the Indenture or the Notes. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power with respect to the Notes. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of this series notice of any Default or Event of Default (except a Default in payment of principal or interest) if it determines in good faith that withholding notice is in their interests. The Company must furnish an annual compliance certificate to the Trustee. (12) Trustee Dealings with Company. Subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, if applicable, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates, as if it were not Trustee. The Trustee shall initially be Wilmington Trust, National Association. (13) No Recourse Against Others. A director, officer, incorporator or shareholder, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Notes. (14) Authentication. This Note shall not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of an authorized signatory of the Trustee or an authenticating agent. (15) Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). (16) Governing Law . THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers (or as to the accuracy of ISIN numbers or similar numbers) as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. THE COMPANY WILL FURNISH TO ANY HOLDER UPON WRITTEN REQUEST AND WITHOUT CHARGE A COPY OF THE INDENTURE, WHICH HAS IN IT THE TEXT OF THIS NOTE, IN TWELVE-POINT TYPE. REQUESTS MAY BE MADE TO: APPLOVIN CORPORATION, 1100 PAGE MILL ROAD, PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94304, ATTENTION: INVESTOR RELATIONS. A-7 SCHEDULE OF INCREASES AND DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTES The initial principal amount of this Global Note is [•] DOLLARS ($ [•]). The following increases and decreases in principal amount of this Global Note have been made: Date of Increase/Decrease Amount of decrease in principal amount of this Global Note Amount of increase in principal amount of this Global Note Principal amount of this Global Note following such decrease (or increase) Signature of authorized signatory of Trustee A-8 ASSIGNMENT FORM To assign this Note, fill in the form below: I or we assign and transfer this Note to (Insert assignee’s soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) (Print or type assignee’s name, address and zip code) and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him. Dated: Signed: (Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note) Signature Guarantee: Signatures must be guaranteed by an “eligible guarantor institution” meeting the requirements of the Securities Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (“ STAMP ”) or such other “signature guarantee program” as may be determined by the Securities Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A-9 REPURCHASE EXERCISE NOTICE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL REPURCHASE EVENT To: AppLovin Corporation The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from AppLovin Corporation (the “ Company ”) as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Company and hereby directs the Company to pay, or cause the Trustee to pay, an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (in an aggregate principal amount of at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) as designated below to be repurchased, plus interest accrued and unpaid to, but excluding, the repurchase date, except as provided in the Indenture. The undersigned hereby agrees that the Notes will be repurchased as of the Change of Control Payment Date pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof and the Indenture. Dated: Signature: Principal amount to be repurchased (at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof): _________ Remaining principal amount following such repurchase: _________ By: Authorized Signatory A-10 EXHIBIT B FORM OF 2031 NOTE (FACE OF NOTE) UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. B-1 APPLOVIN CORPORATION 5.375% Senior Notes due 2031 No. [•] CUSIP / ISIN: 03831W AC2 / US03831WAC29 $[•] APPLOVIN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum set forth on the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Note attached hereto on December 1, 2031. Interest payment dates: June 1 and December 1. Record Dates: May 15 and November 15. Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the reverse hereof. B-2 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Global Note to be duly executed as of the date first written above. APPLOVIN CORPORATION, as Issuer By: Name: Title: TRUSTEE’S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION: This is one of the Notes of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. Dated: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By: Name: Title: B-3 (REVERSE OF NOTE) APPLOVIN CORPORATION 5.375% Senior Notes due 2031 (1) Interest . AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (such corporation, and its successors and assigns under the Indenture referred to below, being herein called the “ Company ”), promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the interest rate per annum shown above. The Company shall pay interest semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2025. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from December 5, 2024 and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. (2) Method of Payment . The Company shall pay interest on the Notes (except Defaulted Interest) to the persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on the Record Date immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date even though such Notes are canceled after the Record Date and on or before the Interest Payment Date. Holders of certificated Notes must surrender certificated Notes to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments. The Company shall pay principal and interest in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. Payment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Note shall be made in immediately available funds to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of this Global Note. (3) Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Securities Registrar . Initially, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”) under the Indenture (as defined below), shall act as Paying Agent, transfer agent and Securities Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent, transfer agent, Securities Registrar or co-registrar without notice to the Holders. The Company may act as Paying Agent, transfer agent, Securities Registrar or co-registrar. (4) Indenture . This Note is a “Security,” and the Notes are “Securities” issued under the Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024 (the “ Base Indenture ”), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024, (the “ First Supplemental Indenture ” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “ Indenture ”), between the Company and the Trustee. The Notes are unsecured general obligations of the Company and constitute the “5.375% Senior Notes due 2031,” initially limited to $1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. (5) Optional Redemption . Prior to October 1, 2031, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on October 1, 2031) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after October 1, 2031, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. B-4 The Company’s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no duty to calculate or verify the Company’s calculations of the redemption price. Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositary’s procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of the Notes to be redeemed (with a copy to the Trustee). Any redemption or notice may, at the Company’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent and, at the Company’s discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion), or the redemption date may not occur at all and such notice may be rescinded if all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion). The Trustee shall, at the Company’s written request (delivered to the Trustee at least five Business Days prior to the date such notice is to be sent (or such shorter period as the Trustee may agree) with a copy of such notice) give the notice of redemption in the Company’s name and at the Company’s expense. Such notice shall state the redemption price (if known) or the formula pursuant to which the redemption price is to be determined if the redemption price cannot be determined at the time the notice is given. If the redemption price cannot be determined at the time such notice is to be given, the actual redemption price, calculated as set forth in the Indenture, shall be set forth in an Officer’s Certificate delivered to the Trustee no later than two Business Days prior to the redemption date. Notice of redemption having been given as provided in the Indenture, the Notes called for redemption shall become due and payable on the redemption date and at the applicable redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. Unless we default in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes, or portions thereof, called for redemption. If any redemption date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal and interest will be made on the next succeeding Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next succeeding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a redemption date shall be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Record Date in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and the Indenture. On or before the redemption date for the Notes, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or a Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay the redemption price of the Notes to be redeemed on the redemption date, and (except if the redemption date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest, if any. (6) Change of Control Repurchase Event . If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs with respect to the Notes, unless the Company shall have exercised its option pursuant to Section (5) hereof to redeem the Notes, each Holder of the Notes shall have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder’s Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Notes or, at the option of the Company, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control or event that may constitute the Change of Control, the Company shall deliver a notice (the “ Change of Control Notice ”) to each Holder of the Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering (the “ Change of Control Offer ”) to repurchase such B-5 Notes on the repurchase date specified in the notice at the option of the Holders, which date (the “ Change of Control Payment Date ”) shall be no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is delivered. The Change of Control Notice shall, if delivered prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Company’s obligation to repurchase the Notes is conditioned on a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: (i) accept for payment all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Notice; (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent or tender agent appointed for such purpose an amount equal to the aggregate repurchase price in respect of all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being repurchased by the Company. If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Company pursuant to Section 4.02(d) of the First Supplemental Indenture, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company shall have the right, upon not less than 10 days and no more than 60 days’ prior written notice to the Holders of the Notes (with a copy to the Trustee), given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date (subject to the right of Holders of record on a Record Date to receive interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date). The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with any repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with this Section (6), the Company shall comply with those securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section (6) by virtue thereof; provided that the Company otherwise uses commercially reasonable efforts to permit Holders to exercise their rights and to fulfill its obligations in the time and in the manner specified in this Section (6) to the extent permitted by such securities laws or regulations. (7) Denominations; Transfer; Exchange . The Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer of Notes may be registered, and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Securities Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Company shall not be required (A) to transfer or exchange any Notes subject to redemption during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of the electronic delivery or mailing of a notice of redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of such electronic delivery or mailing or (B) to register the transfer of or exchange any Note so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. (8) Defeasance . Subject to certain conditions as provided in the Indenture, the Company at any time may terminate some or all of its obligations under the Notes and the Indenture if the Company deposits with the Trustee money and/or U.S. Government Obligations for the payment of principal and interest on the Notes to their Stated Maturity. (9) Persons Deemed Owners . The registered Holder of a Note may be treated as its owner for all purposes, except that interest (other than Defaulted Interest) shall be paid to the Person that was the registered Holder on the relevant Record Date for such payment of interest. B-6 (10) Amendments and Waivers. Subject to certain exceptions, (i) the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with respect to this series with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes; and (ii) any existing default with respect to the Notes may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes. Without the consent of any Holder of this series, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented in accordance with Section 901 of the Base Indenture to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, mistake, omission, defect or inconsistency, to provide for the assumption of the Company’s obligations to Holders of this series or to provide for uncertificated Notes or Notes registered under the Securities Act and offered in exchange for this series, to provide for guarantees with respect to, or security for, the Notes, or to comply with amendments to the Trust Indenture Act, or to add additional covenants, or to surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company, or to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of this series. (11) Remedies . If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes may, by notice in writing to the Company (and the Trustee if given by the Holders), declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately. Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee may require security or indemnity before it enforces the Indenture or the Notes. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power with respect to the Notes. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of this series notice of any Default or Event of Default (except a Default in payment of principal or interest) if it determines in good faith that withholding notice is in their interests. The Company must furnish an annual compliance certificate to the Trustee. (12) Trustee Dealings with Company. Subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, if applicable, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates, as if it were not Trustee. The Trustee shall initially be Wilmington Trust, National Association. (13) No Recourse Against Others. A director, officer, incorporator or shareholder, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Notes. (14) Authentication. This Note shall not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of an authorized signatory of the Trustee or an authenticating agent. (15) Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). (16) Governing Law . THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers (or as to the accuracy of ISIN numbers or similar numbers) as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. THE COMPANY WILL FURNISH TO ANY HOLDER UPON WRITTEN REQUEST AND WITHOUT CHARGE A COPY OF THE INDENTURE, WHICH HAS IN IT THE TEXT OF THIS NOTE, IN TWELVE-POINT TYPE. REQUESTS MAY BE MADE TO: APPLOVIN CORPORATION, 1100 PAGE MILL ROAD, PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94304, ATTENTION: INVESTOR RELATIONS. B-7 SCHEDULE OF INCREASES AND DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTES The initial principal amount of this Global Note is [•] DOLLARS ($ [•]). The following increases and decreases in principal amount of this Global Note have been made: Date of Increase/Decrease Amount of decrease in principal amount of this Global Note Amount of increase in principal amount of this Global Note Principal amount of this Global Note following such decrease (or increase) Signature of authorized signatory of Trustee B-8 ASSIGNMENT FORM To assign this Note, fill in the form below: I or we assign and transfer this Note to (Insert assignee’s soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) (Print or type assignee’s name, address and zip code) and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him. Dated: Signed: (Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note) Signature Guarantee: Signatures must be guaranteed by an “eligible guarantor institution” meeting the requirements of the Securities Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (“ STAMP ”) or such other “signature guarantee program” as may be determined by the Securities Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. B-9 REPURCHASE EXERCISE NOTICE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL REPURCHASE EVENT To: AppLovin Corporation The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from AppLovin Corporation (the “ Company ”) as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Company and hereby directs the Company to pay, or cause the Trustee to pay, an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (in an aggregate principal amount of at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) as designated below to be repurchased, plus interest accrued and unpaid to, but excluding, the repurchase date, except as provided in the Indenture. The undersigned hereby agrees that the Notes will be repurchased as of the Change of Control Payment Date pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof and the Indenture. Dated: Signature: Principal amount to be repurchased (at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof): _________ Remaining principal amount following such repurchase: _________ By: Authorized Signatory B-10 EXHIBIT C FORM OF 2034 NOTE (FACE OF NOTE) UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. C-1 APPLOVIN CORPORATION 5.500% Senior Notes due 2034 No. [•] CUSIP / ISIN: 03831W AD0 / US03831WAD02 $[•] APPLOVIN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum set forth on the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Note attached hereto on December 1, 2034. Interest payment dates: June 1 and December 1. Record Dates: May 15 and November 15. Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the reverse hereof. C-2 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Global Note to be duly executed as of the date first written above. APPLOVIN CORPORATION, as Issuer By: Name: Title: TRUSTEE’S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION: This is one of the Notes of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. Dated: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By: Name: Title: C-3 (REVERSE OF NOTE) APPLOVIN CORPORATION 5.500% Senior Notes due 2034 (1) Interest . AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (such corporation, and its successors and assigns under the Indenture referred to below, being herein called the “ Company ”), promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the interest rate per annum shown above. The Company shall pay interest semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2025. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from December 5, 2024 and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. (2) Method of Payment . The Company shall pay interest on the Notes (except Defaulted Interest) to the persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on the Record Date immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date even though such Notes are canceled after the Record Date and on or before the Interest Payment Date. Holders of certificated Notes must surrender certificated Notes to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments. The Company shall pay principal and interest in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. Payment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Note shall be made in immediately available funds to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of this Global Note. (3) Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Securities Registrar . Initially, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”) under the Indenture (as defined below), shall act as Paying Agent, transfer agent and Securities Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent, transfer agent, Securities Registrar or co-registrar without notice to the Holders. The Company may act as Paying Agent, transfer agent, Securities Registrar or co-registrar. (4) Indenture . This Note is a “Security,” and the Notes are “Securities” issued under the Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024 (the “ Base Indenture ”), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024, (the “ First Supplemental Indenture ” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “ Indenture ”), between the Company and the Trustee. The Notes are unsecured general obligations of the Company and constitute the “5.500% Senior Notes due 2034,” initially limited to $1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. (5) Optional Redemption . Prior to September 1, 2034, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on September 1, 2034) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after September 1, 2034, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. C-4 The Company’s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no duty to calculate or verify the Company’s calculations of the redemption price. Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositary’s procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of the Notes to be redeemed (with a copy to the Trustee). Any redemption or notice may, at the Company’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent and, at the Company’s discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion), or the redemption date may not occur at all and such notice may be rescinded if all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion). The Trustee shall, at the Company’s written request (delivered to the Trustee at least five Business Days prior to the date such notice is to be sent (or such shorter period as the Trustee may agree) with a copy of such notice) give the notice of redemption in the Company’s name and at the Company’s expense. Such notice shall state the redemption price (if known) or the formula pursuant to which the redemption price is to be determined if the redemption price cannot be determined at the time the notice is given. If the redemption price cannot be determined at the time such notice is to be given, the actual redemption price, calculated as set forth in the Indenture, shall be set forth in an Officer’s Certificate delivered to the Trustee no later than two Business Days prior to the redemption date. Notice of redemption having been given as provided in the Indenture, the Notes called for redemption shall become due and payable on the redemption date and at the applicable redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. Unless we default in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes, or portions thereof, called for redemption. If any redemption date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal and interest will be made on the next succeeding Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next succeeding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a redemption date shall be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Record Date in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and the Indenture. On or before the redemption date for the Notes, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or a Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay the redemption price of the Notes to be redeemed on the redemption date, and (except if the redemption date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest, if any. (6) Change of Control Repurchase Event . If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs with respect to the Notes, unless the Company shall have exercised its option pursuant to Section (5) hereof to redeem the Notes, each Holder of the Notes shall have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder’s Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Notes or, at the option of the Company, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control or event that may constitute the Change of Control, the Company shall deliver a notice (the “ Change of Control Notice ”) to each Holder of the Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering (the “ Change of Control Offer ”) to repurchase such C-5 Notes on the repurchase date specified in the notice at the option of the Holders, which date (the “ Change of Control Payment Date ”) shall be no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is delivered. The Change of Control Notice shall, if delivered prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Company’s obligation to repurchase the Notes is conditioned on a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: (i) accept for payment all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Notice; (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent or tender agent appointed for such purpose an amount equal to the aggregate repurchase price in respect of all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being repurchased by the Company. If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Company pursuant to Section 4.02(d) of the First Supplemental Indenture, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company shall have the right, upon not less than 10 days and no more than 60 days’ prior written notice to the Holders of the Notes (with a copy to the Trustee), given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date (subject to the right of Holders of record on a Record Date to receive interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date). The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with any repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with this Section (6), the Company shall comply with those securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section (6) by virtue thereof; provided that the Company otherwise uses commercially reasonable efforts to permit Holders to exercise their rights and to fulfill its obligations in the time and in the manner specified in this Section (6) to the extent permitted by such securities laws or regulations. (7) Denominations; Transfer; Exchange . The Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer of Notes may be registered, and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Securities Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Company shall not be required (A) to transfer or exchange any Notes subject to redemption during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of the electronic delivery or mailing of a notice of redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of such electronic delivery or mailing or (B) to register the transfer of or exchange any Note so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. (8) Defeasance . Subject to certain conditions as provided in the Indenture, the Company at any time may terminate some or all of its obligations under the Notes and the Indenture if the Company deposits with the Trustee money and/or U.S. Government Obligations for the payment of principal and interest on the Notes to their Stated Maturity. (9) Persons Deemed Owners . The registered Holder of a Note may be treated as its owner for all purposes, except that interest (other than Defaulted Interest) shall be paid to the Person that was the registered Holder on the relevant Record Date for such payment of interest. C-6 (10) Amendments and Waivers. Subject to certain exceptions, (i) the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with respect to this series with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes; and (ii) any existing default with respect to the Notes may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes. Without the consent of any Holder of this series, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented in accordance with Section 901 of the Base Indenture to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, mistake, omission, defect or inconsistency, to provide for the assumption of the Company’s obligations to Holders of this series or to provide for uncertificated Notes or Notes registered under the Securities Act and offered in exchange for this series, to provide for guarantees with respect to, or security for, the Notes, or to comply with amendments to the Trust Indenture Act, or to add additional covenants, or to surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company, or to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of this series. (11) Remedies . If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes may, by notice in writing to the Company (and the Trustee if given by the Holders), declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately. Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee may require security or indemnity before it enforces the Indenture or the Notes. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power with respect to the Notes. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of this series notice of any Default or Event of Default (except a Default in payment of principal or interest) if it determines in good faith that withholding notice is in their interests. The Company must furnish an annual compliance certificate to the Trustee. (12) Trustee Dealings with Company. Subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, if applicable, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates, as if it were not Trustee. The Trustee shall initially be Wilmington Trust, National Association. (13) No Recourse Against Others. A director, officer, incorporator or shareholder, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Notes. (14) Authentication. This Note shall not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of an authorized signatory of the Trustee or an authenticating agent. (15) Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). (16) Governing Law . THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers (or as to the accuracy of ISIN numbers or similar numbers) as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. THE COMPANY WILL FURNISH TO ANY HOLDER UPON WRITTEN REQUEST AND WITHOUT CHARGE A COPY OF THE INDENTURE, WHICH HAS IN IT THE TEXT OF THIS NOTE, IN TWELVE-POINT TYPE. REQUESTS MAY BE MADE TO: APPLOVIN CORPORATION, 1100 PAGE MILL ROAD, PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94304, ATTENTION: INVESTOR RELATIONS. C-7 SCHEDULE OF INCREASES AND DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTES The initial principal amount of this Global Note is [•] DOLLARS ($ [•]). The following increases and decreases in principal amount of this Global Note have been made: Date of Increase/Decrease Amount of decrease in principal amount of this Global Note Amount of increase in principal amount of this Global Note Principal amount of this Global Note following such decrease (or increase) Signature of authorized signatory of Trustee C-8 ASSIGNMENT FORM To assign this Note, fill in the form below: I or we assign and transfer this Note to (Insert assignee’s soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) (Print or type assignee’s name, address and zip code) and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him. Dated: Signed: (Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note) Signature Guarantee: Signatures must be guaranteed by an “eligible guarantor institution” meeting the requirements of the Securities Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (“ STAMP ”) or such other “signature guarantee program” as may be determined by the Securities Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. C-9 REPURCHASE EXERCISE NOTICE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL REPURCHASE EVENT To: AppLovin Corporation The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from AppLovin Corporation (the “ Company ”) as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Company and hereby directs the Company to pay, or cause the Trustee to pay, an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (in an aggregate principal amount of at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) as designated below to be repurchased, plus interest accrued and unpaid to, but excluding, the repurchase date, except as provided in the Indenture. The undersigned hereby agrees that the Notes will be repurchased as of the Change of Control Payment Date pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof and the Indenture. Dated: Signature: Principal amount to be repurchased (at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof): _________ Remaining principal amount following such repurchase: _________ By: Authorized Signatory C-10 EXHIBIT D FORM OF 2054 NOTE (FACE OF NOTE) UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. D-1 APPLOVIN CORPORATION 5.950% Senior Notes due 2054 No. [•] CUSIP / ISIN: 03831W AE8 / US03831WAE84 $[•] APPLOVIN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum set forth on the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Note attached hereto on December 1, 2054. Interest payment dates: June 1 and December 1. Record Dates: May 15 and November 15. Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the reverse hereof. D-2 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Global Note to be duly executed as of the date first written above. APPLOVIN CORPORATION, as Issuer By: Name: Title: TRUSTEE’S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION: This is one of the Notes of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. Dated: WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee By: Name: Title: D-3 (REVERSE OF NOTE) APPLOVIN CORPORATION 5.950% Senior Notes due 2054 (1) Interest . AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (such corporation, and its successors and assigns under the Indenture referred to below, being herein called the “ Company ”), promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the interest rate per annum shown above. The Company shall pay interest semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2025. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from December 5, 2024 and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. (2) Method of Payment . The Company shall pay interest on the Notes (except Defaulted Interest) to the persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on the Record Date immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date even though such Notes are canceled after the Record Date and on or before the Interest Payment Date. Holders of certificated Notes must surrender certificated Notes to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments. The Company shall pay principal and interest in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. Payment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Note shall be made in immediately available funds to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of this Global Note. (3) Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Securities Registrar . Initially, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”) under the Indenture (as defined below), shall act as Paying Agent, transfer agent and Securities Registrar. The Company may change any Paying Agent, transfer agent, Securities Registrar or co-registrar without notice to the Holders. The Company may act as Paying Agent, transfer agent, Securities Registrar or co-registrar. (4) Indenture . This Note is a “Security,” and the Notes are “Securities” issued under the Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024 (the “ Base Indenture ”), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2024, (the “ First Supplemental Indenture ” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “ Indenture ”), between the Company and the Trustee. The Notes are unsecured general obligations of the Company and constitute the “5.950% Senior Notes due 2054,” initially limited to $550,000,000 in aggregate principal amount. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. (5) Optional Redemption . Prior to June 1, 2054, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on June 1, 2054) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. On or after June 1, 2054, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. D-4 The Company’s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no duty to calculate or verify the Company’s calculations of the redemption price. Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the Depositary’s procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of the Notes to be redeemed (with a copy to the Trustee). Any redemption or notice may, at the Company’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent and, at the Company’s discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion), or the redemption date may not occur at all and such notice may be rescinded if all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion). The Trustee shall, at the Company’s written request (delivered to the Trustee at least five Business Days prior to the date such notice is to be sent (or such shorter period as the Trustee may agree) with a copy of such notice) give the notice of redemption in the Company’s name and at the Company’s expense. Such notice shall state the redemption price (if known) or the formula pursuant to which the redemption price is to be determined if the redemption price cannot be determined at the time the notice is given. If the redemption price cannot be determined at the time such notice is to be given, the actual redemption price, calculated as set forth in the Indenture, shall be set forth in an Officer’s Certificate delivered to the Trustee no later than two Business Days prior to the redemption date. Notice of redemption having been given as provided in the Indenture, the Notes called for redemption shall become due and payable on the redemption date and at the applicable redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. Unless we default in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes, or portions thereof, called for redemption. If any redemption date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal and interest will be made on the next succeeding Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next succeeding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a redemption date shall be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Record Date in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and the Indenture. On or before the redemption date for the Notes, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or a Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay the redemption price of the Notes to be redeemed on the redemption date, and (except if the redemption date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest, if any. (6) Change of Control Repurchase Event . If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs with respect to the Notes, unless the Company shall have exercised its option pursuant to Section (5) hereof to redeem the Notes, each Holder of the Notes shall have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder’s Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Notes or, at the option of the Company, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control or event that may constitute the Change of Control, the Company shall deliver a notice (the “ Change of Control Notice ”) to each Holder of the Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering (the “ Change of Control Offer ”) to repurchase such D-5 Notes on the repurchase date specified in the notice at the option of the Holders, which date (the “ Change of Control Payment Date ”) shall be no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is delivered. The Change of Control Notice shall, if delivered prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Company’s obligation to repurchase the Notes is conditioned on a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: (i) accept for payment all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Notice; (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent or tender agent appointed for such purpose an amount equal to the aggregate repurchase price in respect of all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being repurchased by the Company. If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Company, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Company pursuant to Section 4.02(d) of the First Supplemental Indenture, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company shall have the right, upon not less than 10 days and no more than 60 days’ prior written notice to the Holders of the Notes (with a copy to the Trustee), given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date (subject to the right of Holders of record on a Record Date to receive interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date). The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with any repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with this Section (6), the Company shall comply with those securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section (6) by virtue thereof; provided that the Company otherwise uses commercially reasonable efforts to permit Holders to exercise their rights and to fulfill its obligations in the time and in the manner specified in this Section (6) to the extent permitted by such securities laws or regulations. (7) Denominations; Transfer; Exchange . The Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer of Notes may be registered, and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Securities Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Company shall not be required (A) to transfer or exchange any Notes subject to redemption during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of the electronic delivery or mailing of a notice of redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of such electronic delivery or mailing or (B) to register the transfer of or exchange any Note so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. (8) Defeasance . Subject to certain conditions as provided in the Indenture, the Company at any time may terminate some or all of its obligations under the Notes and the Indenture if the Company deposits with the Trustee money and/or U.S. Government Obligations for the payment of principal and interest on the Notes to their Stated Maturity. (9) Persons Deemed Owners . The registered Holder of a Note may be treated as its owner for all purposes, except that interest (other than Defaulted Interest) shall be paid to the Person that was the registered Holder on the relevant Record Date for such payment of interest. D-6 (10) Amendments and Waivers. Subject to certain exceptions, (i) the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with respect to this series with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes; and (ii) any existing default with respect to the Notes may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes. Without the consent of any Holder of this series, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented in accordance with Section 901 of the Base Indenture to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, mistake, omission, defect or inconsistency, to provide for the assumption of the Company’s obligations to Holders of this series or to provide for uncertificated Notes or Notes registered under the Securities Act and offered in exchange for this series, to provide for guarantees with respect to, or security for, the Notes, or to comply with amendments to the Trust Indenture Act, or to add additional covenants, or to surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company, or to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of this series. (11) Remedies . If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes may, by notice in writing to the Company (and the Trustee if given by the Holders), declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately. Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee may require security or indemnity before it enforces the Indenture or the Notes. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power with respect to the Notes. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of this series notice of any Default or Event of Default (except a Default in payment of principal or interest) if it determines in good faith that withholding notice is in their interests. The Company must furnish an annual compliance certificate to the Trustee. (12) Trustee Dealings with Company. Subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, if applicable, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates, as if it were not Trustee. The Trustee shall initially be Wilmington Trust, National Association. (13) No Recourse Against Others. A director, officer, incorporator or shareholder, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Notes. (14) Authentication. This Note shall not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of an authorized signatory of the Trustee or an authenticating agent. (15) Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). (16) Governing Law . THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers (or as to the accuracy of ISIN numbers or similar numbers) as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. THE COMPANY WILL FURNISH TO ANY HOLDER UPON WRITTEN REQUEST AND WITHOUT CHARGE A COPY OF THE INDENTURE, WHICH HAS IN IT THE TEXT OF THIS NOTE, IN TWELVE-POINT TYPE. REQUESTS MAY BE MADE TO: APPLOVIN CORPORATION, 1100 PAGE MILL ROAD, PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94304, ATTENTION: INVESTOR RELATIONS. D-7 SCHEDULE OF INCREASES AND DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTES The initial principal amount of this Global Note is [•] DOLLARS ($ [•]). The following increases and decreases in principal amount of this Global Note have been made: Date of Increase/Decrease Amount of decrease in principal amount of this Global Note Amount of increase in principal amount of this Global Note Principal amount of this Global Note following such decrease (or increase) Signature of authorized signatory of Trustee D-8 ASSIGNMENT FORM To assign this Note, fill in the form below: I or we assign and transfer this Note to (Insert assignee’s soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) (Print or type assignee’s name, address and zip code) and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him. Dated: Signed: (Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note) Signature Guarantee: Signatures must be guaranteed by an “eligible guarantor institution” meeting the requirements of the Securities Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (“ STAMP ”) or such other “signature guarantee program” as may be determined by the Securities Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. D-9 REPURCHASE EXERCISE NOTICE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL REPURCHASE EVENT To: AppLovin Corporation The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from AppLovin Corporation (the “ Company ”) as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Company and hereby directs the Company to pay, or cause the Trustee to pay, an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (in an aggregate principal amount of at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) as designated below to be repurchased, plus interest accrued and unpaid to, but excluding, the repurchase date, except as provided in the Indenture. The undersigned hereby agrees that the Notes will be repurchased as of the Change of Control Payment Date pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof and the Indenture. Dated: Signature: Principal amount to be repurchased (at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof): _________ Remaining principal amount following such repurchase: _________ By: Authorized Signatory D-10
EX-5.1 Exhibit 5.1 Proskauer Rose LLP Eleven Times Square New York, NY 10036-8299 December 5, 2024 AppLovin Corporation 1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3: $1,000 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of 5.125% Senior Notes due 2029, $1,000 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2031, $1,000 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of 5.500% Senior Notes due 2034 and $550 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of 5.950% Senior Notes due 2054. Ladies and Gentlemen: We have acted as special counsel to AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), in connection with the issuance by the Company $1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125% Senior Notes due 2029 (the “ 2029 Notes ”), $1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2031 (the “ 2031 Notes ”), $1,000 million aggregate principal amount of 5.500% Senior Notes due 2034 (the “ 2034 Notes ”) and $550 million aggregate principal amount of 5.950% Senior Notes due 2054 (the “ 2054 Notes ” and, collectively with the 2029 Notes, the 2031 Notes and the 2034 Notes, the “ Notes ”) pursuant to an indenture dated as of December 5, 2024 (the “ Base Indenture ”) between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated December 5, 2024 (the “ First Supplemental Indenture ” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “ Indenture ”) between the Company and the Trustee, (b) an underwriting agreement, dated November 20, 2024, among the Company and the representatives of the several underwriters named therein, pursuant to which such underwriters have agreed to purchase the Notes issued by the Company, and (c) an automatically effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-272328) (the “ Registration Statement ”), including the base prospectus constituting a part thereof dated June 1, 2023 (the “ Base Prospectus ”) and the prospectus supplement dated November 20, 2024 (together with the Base Prospectus, the “ Prospectus ”), under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This opinion is being furnished in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or related Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the issuance of the Notes. We have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, certificates and other instruments of the Company, including the Indenture, and have conducted such other investigations of fact and law, as we have deemed necessary for the purposes of rendering this opinion. Boca Raton | Boston | Chicago | Hong Kong | London | Los Angeles | New Orleans | New York | Paris | São Paulo | Washington, D.C. December 5, 2024 Page 2 In giving this opinion, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons and the authenticity of all documents we have examined. As to questions of fact relevant to this opinion and without any independent investigation or verification, we have relied upon, and assumed the accuracy of, oral or written statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company and others. We have also assumed without any independent investigation, (i) that the Notes, the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture (collectively, the “ Documents ”) have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the parties thereto (other than the Company), (ii) that the Documents constitute legally valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto (other than the Company), enforceable against each of them in accordance with their respective terms. In addition, we have assumed that the Notes will be executed and delivered by an authorized officer of the Company substantially in the form examined by us. This opinion is limited to the laws of State of New York and the Delaware General Corporation Law, but without our having made any special investigation as to the applicability of any specific law, rule or regulation. We express no opinion as to the law of any other jurisdiction. Based upon and subject to the foregoing and the other matters set forth herein, it is our opinion that: 1. The Notes have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and, when the Notes have been duly executed by the Company, authenticated by the Trustee and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Notes will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. The foregoing opinions are subject to the following limitations and qualifications: 1. The enforceability of the Documents may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights generally and by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law), including, without limitation, principles regarding good faith and fair dealing. In addition, we express no opinion as to the enforceability of (i) self-help provisions, (ii) provisions that purport to establish evidentiary standards, (iii) provisions exculpating a party from, or indemnifying a party for (or entitling a party to contribution in a case involving), its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or violation of securities or other laws, (iv) provisions relating to the availability of specific remedies or relief, or the release or waiver of any remedies or rights or time periods in which claims are required to be asserted, (v) provisions that allow cumulative remedies, late charges or default interest, (vi) provisions relating to the discharge of defenses or disclaimers, liability limitations or limitations of the obligations of any person or entity under any of the Documents, (vii) provisions relating to choice of law or forum or (viii) provisions modifying the statute of limitations. 2 December 5, 2024 Page 3 2. We express no opinion with respect to the effect of any provision of the Documents that is intended to permit the modification thereof only by means of an agreement signed in writing by the parties thereto. 3. We express no opinion with respect to the effect of any provision of the Documents imposing penalties or forfeitures. 4. The above opinions are based solely upon laws, rulings and regulations in effect on the date hereof, and are subject to modification to the extent that such laws, rulings and regulations may be changed in the future. We undertake no obligation to advise you of facts or changes in law occurring after the date of this opinion letter that might affect the opinions expressed herein. We consent to your filing this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to the reference to our firm contained in the related Prospectus under the heading “Legal Matters.” In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. Very truly yours, /s/ Proskauer Rose LLP 3
EX-10.1 Exhibit 10.1 CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of December 5, 2024, among APPLOVIN CORPORATION, as the Borrower, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., BOFA SECURITIES, INC., CITIBANK, N.A., GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners TABLE OF CONTENTS P AGE A RTICLE 1 D EFINITIONS 6 Section 1.01. Defined Terms 6 Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 50 Section 1.03. Terms Generally 50 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP; Pro Forma Calculations 50 Section 1.05. Currency Translation 51 Section 1.06. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 52 Section 1.07. Divisions 53 A RTICLE 2 T HE C REDITS 53 Section 2.01. Commitments 53 Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 53 Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 54 Section 2.04. [Reserved] 55 Section 2.05. Swingline Loans 55 Section 2.06. Letters of Credit 57 Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 65 Section 2.08. Interest Elections 66 Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase of Commitments 67 Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 70 Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 70 Section 2.12. Fees 71 Section 2.13. Interest 72 Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 74 Section 2.15. Increased Costs 77 Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments 79 Section 2.17. Taxes 80 Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs 84 Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 86 Section 2.20. Defaulting Lenders 87 Section 2.21. Extension of Maturity Date 89 A RTICLE 3 R EPRESENTATIONS AND W ARRANTIES 90 Section 3.01. Organization; Powers 90 Section 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 90 Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 91 Section 3.04. Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Change 91 Section 3.05. [Reserved] 91 Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters 91 Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws 92 Section 3.08. Investment Company Status 92 Section 3.09. Taxes 92 Section 3.10. ERISA 92 Section 3.11. Disclosure 92 Section 3.12. [Reserved] 93 Section 3.13. Margin Regulations 93 Section 3.14. [Reserved]. 93 Section 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 93 A RTICLE 4 C ONDITIONS 93 Section 4.01. Effective Date 93 Section 4.02. Each Credit Event 95 A RTICLE 5 A FFIRMATIVE C OVENANTS 96 Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 96 Section 5.02. Notices of Material Events 97 Section 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business 98 Section 5.04. Payment of Tax Liabilities 98 Section 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance 98 Section 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights 98 Section 5.07. Compliance with Laws 99 Section 5.08. Use of Proceeds 99 A RTICLE 6 N EGATIVE C OVENANTS 99 Section 6.01. Indebtedness 99 Section 6.02. Liens 101 Section 6.03. Fundamental Changes 103 Section 6.04. Limitation on Sale/Leaseback Transactions 104 Section 6.05. Leverage Ratio 104 A RTICLE 7 E VENTS OF D EFAULT 105 Section 7.01. Events of Default 105 A RTICLE 8 T HE A DMINISTRATIVE A GENT 108 Section 8.01. Authorization and Action 108 Section 8.02. Borrower Communications 115 3 A RTICLE 9 M ISCELLANEOUS 116 Section 9.01. Notices 116 Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 119 Section 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Limitation of Liability 121 Section 9.04. Successors and Assigns 124 Section 9.05. Survival 127 Section 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 128 Section 9.07. Severability 129 Section 9.08. Right of Setoff 129 Section 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 130 Section 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 130 Section 9.11. Headings 131 Section 9.12. Confidentiality 131 Section 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation 132 Section 9.14. [Reserved] 132 Section 9.15. Conversion of Currencies 132 Section 9.16. Certain Notices 133 Section 9.17. No Fiduciary Relationship 133 Section 9.18. Non-Public Information 133 Section 9.19. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 133 Section 9.20. Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs 134 SCHEDULES: Schedule 2.01 — Commitments Schedule 2.05 — Swingline Commitments Schedule 2.06(a) — Initial Issuing Bank LC Commitment Schedule 2.06(b) — Existing Letters of Credit Schedule 3.06 — Disclosed Matters Schedule 6.01 — Existing Indebtedness Schedule 6.02 — Existing Liens EXHIBITS: Exhibit A — Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B — Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit C — Form of Issuing Bank Agreement Exhibit D — Form of Interest Election Request Exhibit E-1 — Form of US Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit E-2 — Form of US Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit E-3 — Form of US Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 4 Exhibit E-4 — Form of US Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 5 CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of December 5, 2024 (this “ Agreement ”), among APPLOVIN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE 1 D EFINITIONS Section 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: “ ABR Borrowing ” means any Borrowing comprised of ABR Loans. “ ABR Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. “ Acquisition ” means any acquisition, or series of related acquisitions (including pursuant to any merger or consolidation), of property that constitutes (a) assets comprising all or substantially all of a division, business or operating unit or product line of any Person or (b) at least a majority of the Equity Interests in a Person. “ Acquisition Indebtedness ” means any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that has been incurred for the purpose of financing, in whole or in part, a Qualified Material Acquisition and any related transactions (including for the purpose of refinancing or replacing all or a portion of any pre-existing Indebtedness of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Persons or assets to be acquired); provided that (a)(i) the release of the proceeds thereof to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is contingent upon the consummation of such Qualified Material Acquisition and, pending such release, such proceeds are held pursuant to an escrow or similar arrangement and (ii) if the definitive agreement (or, in the case of a tender offer or similar transaction, the definitive offer document) for such Qualified Material Acquisition is terminated prior to the consummation of such Qualified Material Acquisition or if such Qualified Material Acquisition is otherwise not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such Indebtedness, such proceeds shall be promptly applied to satisfy and discharge all obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of such Indebtedness or (b)(i) such Indebtedness contains a “special mandatory redemption” provision (or other similar provision), or such definitive documentation permits such Indebtedness to be redeemed or prepaid, if such Qualified Material Acquisition is not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such Indebtedness and (ii) if the definitive agreement (or, in the case of a tender offer or similar transaction, the definitive offer document) for such Qualified Material Acquisition is terminated prior to the consummation of such Qualified Material Acquisition or such Qualified Material Acquisition is otherwise not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is so redeemed or prepaid within 90 days of such termination or such specified date, as the case may be. “ Adjusted Daily Simple CORRA ” means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Daily Simple CORRA for such calculation plus (b) 0.29547%; provided that, if Adjusted Daily Simple CORRA as so determined is less than the zero, then Adjusted Daily Simple CORRA shall be deemed to be zero. “ Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR ” means, with respect to any Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR plus (b) 0.10%; provided that if such rate as so determined shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. “ Adjusted Term CORRA Rate ” means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term CORRA for such calculation plus (b) 0.29547% for a one month interest period or 0.32138% for a three month interest period; provided that if Adjusted Term CORRA Rate as so determined would be less than the zero, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to zero for the purposes of this Agreement. “ Adjusted Term SOFR ” means, with respect to any Borrowing denominated in US Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus (b) 0.10%; provided that if such rate as so determined shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. “ Administrative Agent ” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Article VIII, or such Affiliates or branches thereof as it shall from time to time designate by notice to the Borrower and the Lenders for the purpose of performing any of its obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document. “ Administrative Questionnaire ” means a customary administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. “ Affected Financial Institution ” means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. “ Affiliate ” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly or indirectly Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. “ Aggregate Commitments ” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Commitments of all Lenders in effect at such time. “ Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure ” means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of the Loans denominated in US Dollars outstanding at such time, (b) the sum of the US Dollar Equivalents of the aggregate principal amount of the Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies outstanding at such time, (c) the total LC Exposure at such time and (d) the total Swingline Exposure at such time. “ Agreed Currencies ” means US Dollars and each Alternative Currency. “ Agreement ” has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. “ Agreement Currency ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.15(b). 7 “ Alternate Base Rate ” means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 1 ⁄ 2 of 1% per annum and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR for a one month Interest Period as published two US Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1% per annum. For purposes of clause (c) above, the Adjusted Term SOFR for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology); provided that (i) if such rate as so determined shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero and (ii) if such rate cannot be determined, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR, as the case may be. “ Alternative Currency ” means Euro, Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Swiss Francs, Yen and any additional currencies determined after the Effective Date by mutual agreement of the Borrower, Lenders and Administrative Agent; provided that each such currency is a lawful currency that is readily available, freely transferable and not restricted and able to be converted into Dollars. “ Alternative LC Currency ” means Euro, Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Swiss Francs, Yen and any other currency (other than US Dollars) for which an Exchange Rate and an LC Exchange Rate may be obtained; provided that at the time of the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit denominated in a currency other than US Dollars, Euro, Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Swiss Francs, or Yen, such other currency is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank in respect of such Letter of Credit. “ Ancillary Document ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.06(b). “ Anti-Corruption Laws ” means all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. “ Applicable Creditor ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.15(b). “ Applicable Margin ” means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan, Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the Applicable Margin per annum set forth below under the caption “Alternate Base Rate”, “ Adjusted Term SOFR, EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, TIBOR Rate, Daily Simple SONIA, Daily Simple SARON, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple CORRA” or “Commitment Fee”, as the case may be, based upon the Ratings from S&P, Moody’s and Fitch as of such date: 8 Pricing Level Ratings S&P/Moody’s/Fitch Commitment Fee (basis points per annum) Alternate Base Rate (basis points per annum) Adjusted Term SOFR, EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, TIBOR Rate, Daily Simple SONIA, Daily Simple SARON, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple CORRA (basis points per annum) I ≥Baa1 / BBB+ / BBB+ 0.100 % 0.125 % 1.125 % II Baa2 / BBB / BBB 0.125 % 0.250 % 1.250 % III Baa3 / BBB- / BBB- 0.175 % 0.375 % 1.375 % IV Ba1 / BB+ / BB+ 0.225 % 0.500 % 1.500 % V Ba2 / BB / BB 0.275 % 0.750 % 1.750 % VI ≤Ba3 / BB- / BB- 0.325 % 1.000 % 2.000 % For purposes of the foregoing, if the Ratings assigned by all three of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch shall fall within the same category, the Applicable Margin shall be determined by reference to such category. If the Ratings assigned by two of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch shall fall within the same category and the third in a different category, the Applicable Margin shall be based on the ratings assigned by the two of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch that fall within the same category. If the Ratings assigned by Moody’s, S&P and Fitch shall each fall within different categories from each other, the Applicable Margin shall be based on the middle of the three Ratings. If only two of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch shall have in effect a rating and such Ratings shall fall within different categories, the Applicable Margin shall be based on the higher of the two Ratings. If only one of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch shall have in effect a rating, the Applicable Margin shall be determined by reference to the category in which such rating falls. If the Ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody’s, S&P and Fitch shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moody’s, S&P, or Fitch), such change shall be effective as of the third Business Day following the date on which notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. Each change in the Applicable Margin shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch shall change, or if any such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend the definition of Applicable Margin to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of Ratings from such rating agencies and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Margin shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. “ Applicable Percentage ” means, at any time, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender’s Commitment at such time; provided that, for purposes of Section 2.20 when any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, the “Applicable 9 Percentage” shall mean, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Lender’s Commitment) represented by such Lender’s Commitment. If all the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender’s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. “ Approved Borrower Portal ” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.02(a). “ Approved Electronic Platform ” means IntraLinks ™ , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system. “ Approved Fund ” means any Person (other than a natural person or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. “ Arrangers ” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., Citibank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners for the credit facility provided for herein. “ Assignment and Assumption ” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any Person whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an Approved Electronic Platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. “ Attributable Debt ” means, with respect to any Sale/Leaseback Transaction, at the time of determination, the lesser of (1) the fair market value of the property (as determined in good faith by the board of directors of the Borrower) subject to such Sale/Leaseback Transaction multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included in such Sale/Leaseback Transaction and the denominator of which is the base term of such lease, and (2) the total obligation (discounted to the present value at the implicit interest factor, determined in accordance with GAAP, included in the rental payments) of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of property taxes as well as maintenance, repairs, insurance, water rates and other items which do not constitute payments for property rights) during the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included in such Sale/Leaseback Transaction. In the case of any lease which is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such present value shall be the lesser of (i) the present value determined assuming termination upon the first date such lease may be terminated (in which case the present value shall also include the amount of the penalty, but shall not include any rent that would be required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be terminated) and (ii) the present value assuming no such termination. “ Augmenting Lender ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(d)(i). 10 “ Authorized Officer ” means, with respect to any Person, any of the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, the secretary, any assistant secretary, any vice president or any other officer or manager (or authorized signatory holding equivalent function) of such Person (or of such Person’s general partner, member or other similar Person); provided that, when such term is used in reference to any document executed by, or a certification of, an Authorized Officer, upon request of the Administrative Agent, the secretary, an assistant secretary or any other officer or manager (or authorized signatory holding equivalent function) of such Person (or of such Person’s general partner, member or other similar Person) shall have delivered (which delivery may be made on the Effective Date) an incumbency certificate to the Administrative Agent as to the authority of such individual. “ Availability Period ” means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. “ Available Tenor ” means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of “Interest Period” pursuant to Section 2.14(b)(iv). “ Bail-In Action ” means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of any Affected Financial Institution. “ Bail-In Legislation ” means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time that is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom (to the extent that the United Kingdom is not an EEA Member Country which has implemented or implements Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU), Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). “ Bankruptcy Code ” means Title 11 of the United States Code. “ Bankruptcy Event ” means, with respect to any Person, that such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof; provided that a 11 Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. “ Benchmark ” means, initially, with respect to any Loan denominated in any Agreed Currency, the Relevant Rate for Loans denominated in such Agreed Currency; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.14(b). “ Benchmark Replacement ” means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency (other than Canadian Dollars), “Benchmark Replacement” shall mean the alternative set forth in (2) below: (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in US Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR and/or in the case of any Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple CORRA; or (2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States (it being understood and agreed that solely for purposes of this clause (2)(a), the Borrower may give due consideration to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1001-6 and any other applicable guidance with respect to the selection and implementation of any alternate benchmark rate to avoid such selection or implementation resulting in a deemed exchange for U.S. Federal income tax purposes to the extent such deemed exchange could cause an adverse Tax consequence to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Term CORRA Reelection Event, and the delivery of a Term CORRA Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the “Benchmark Replacement”, in the case of any Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate. 12 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. “ Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ” means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States. “ Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes ” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in US Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of “Alternate Base Rate”, the definition of “Business Day”, the definition of “Foreign Currency Overnight Rate”, the definition of “Interest Period”, the definition of “RFR Business Day”, the definition of “US Government Securities Business Day”, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides, in its reasonable discretion after consultation with the Borrower, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). “ Benchmark Replacement Date ” means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 13 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date; or (3) in the case of a Term CORRA Reelection Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term CORRA Notice (if any) is provided to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.14(b)(ii). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the “Benchmark Replacement Date” will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). “ Benchmark Transition Event ” means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 14 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a “Benchmark Transition Event” will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). “ Benchmark Unavailability Period ” means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in accordance with Section 2.14. “ Beneficial Ownership Certification ” means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. “ Benefit Plan ” means (a) an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a “plan” as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such “employee benefit plan” or “plan”. “ Beneficial Ownership Regulation ” means 31 C.F.R. § 1010.230. “ BHC Act Affiliate ” means, with respect to any party, an “affiliate” (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. § 1841(k)) of such party. “ Board of Governors ” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. “ Borrower ” means AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation. “ Borrowing ” means Loans of the same Type and currency made, converted or continued on the same date and to the same Borrower and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. “ Borrowing Minimum ” means (a) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, US$5,000,000 (US$1,000,000 in the case of an ABR Borrowing), (b) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Euro, €5,000,000, (c) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Sterling, £5,000,000, (d) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, CAD$5,000,000, (e) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, CHF5,000,000 and (f) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Yen, ¥500,000,000. 15 “ Borrowing Multiple ” means (a) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, US$1,000,000, (b) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Euro, €1,000,000, (c) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Sterling, £1,000,000, (d) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, CAD$1,000,000, (e) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, CHF1,000,000 and (f) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Yen, ¥100,000,000. “ Borrowing Request ” means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be in the form of Exhibit B or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. “ Business Day ” means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that (a) when used in connection with a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Euro or the determination of the EURIBOR Rate, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day that is not a TARGET Day, (b) when used in connection with a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars or the determination of CORRA, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in deposits in Canada, (c) in relation to Loans denominated in Yen or the determination of the TIBOR Rate, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Japan, (d) when used in connection with an RFR Loan denominated in any Agreed Currency and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of such RFR Loan, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day that is not an RFR Business Day with respect to Loans denominated in such Agreed Currency and (e) when used in connection with any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative LC Currency, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in deposits in the principal interbank market for such Alternative LC Currency. “ Canadian Dollars ” or “ CAD$ ” means the lawful money of Canada. “ Capital Lease ” means any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, the obligations under which are required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP. “ Capital Lease Obligations ” of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any Capital Lease, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of Section 6.02 only, a Capital Lease Obligation shall be deemed to be secured by a Lien on the property being leased and such property shall be deemed to be owned by the lessee. “ Capped Adjustments ” means (a) any additions to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (a)(vi) or (a)(xiv) of the definition of such term and (b) any additions to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (ii) of Section 1.04(b). “ CBR Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. 16 “ CBR Spread ” means, with respect to any CBR Loan at any time, the Applicable Margin that would be applicable at such time to the Loan that was converted into such CBR Loan in accordance herewith. “ Central Bank Rate ” means the greater of (i) (a) (A) for any Loan denominated in Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (B) for any Loan denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England’s (or any successor thereto’s) “Bank Rate” as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (C) for any Loan denominated in Swiss Francs, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) as published by the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (D) for any Loan denominated in any other Alternative Currency determined after the Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; plus (b) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (ii) the Floor. Any change in the Central Bank Rate due to a change in the Central Bank Rate Adjustment shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Central Bank Rate Adjustment. “ Central Bank Rate Adjustment ” means, for any day, (a) for any Loan denominated in Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (b) for any Loan denominated in Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Daily Simple SONIA for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Daily Simple SONIA applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, (c) for any Loan denominated in Swiss Francs, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Daily Simple SARON for Swiss Franc Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SARON was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Daily Simple SARON applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Swiss Francs in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period and (d) for any Loan denominated in any other Alternative Currency, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For purposes of this definition, (x) the Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (b) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBOR Rate on 17 any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in Euro for a maturity of one month. “ Change in Law ” means (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, treaty or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, rule, treaty or regulation or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender or any Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that, for purposes of this Agreement, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to have been adopted and become effective after the date of this Agreement. “ Change of Control ” shall mean and be deemed to have occurred if any Person, entity, or “group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), other than the Permitted Holders, shall at any time have acquired direct or indirect beneficial ownership of a percentage of the voting power of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Borrower that exceeds 50.0% thereof, unless, the Permitted Holders have, at such time, the right or the ability by voting power, contract, or otherwise to elect or designate for election at least a majority of the board of directors of the Borrower. For purposes of this definition, (i) “beneficial ownership” shall be as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Exchange Act, (ii) the phrase Person or “group” is within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person or “group” and its subsidiaries and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan, (iii) if any Person or “group” includes one or more Permitted Holders, the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower, directly or indirectly owned by the Permitted Holders that are part of such Person or “group” shall not be treated as being owned by such Person or “group” for purposes of determining whether a Change of Control is triggered and (iv) (a) a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Stock subject to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Voting Stock in connection with the transactions contemplated by such agreement and (b) (x) a Person shall not be deemed the beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially, (A) any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such Person or any of such Person’s affiliates until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange thereunder, or (B) any securities if such beneficial ownership (1) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act and (y) a transaction will not be deemed to involve a “Change of Control” if (A) the Borrower becomes a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company and (B)(I) the direct or indirect holders of the voting stock of such holding company 18 immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Voting Stock of the Borrower immediately prior to that transaction or (II) the Voting Stock of the Borrower outstanding immediately prior to such transaction is converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the voting stock of such holding company immediately after giving effect to such transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a merger of the Borrower with any of its Subsidiaries solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Borrower in another jurisdiction within the United States shall not be a “Change of Control.” “ Charges ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13. “ CME Term SOFR Administrator ” means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “ Commitment ” means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit, expressed as an amount representing the maximum permitted amount of such Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 or (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The amount of each Lender’s Commitment as of the Effective Date is set forth on Schedule 2.01. The aggregate amount of the Commitments as of the Effective Date is US$1,000,000,000. “ Commitment Increase ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(d)(i). “ Commodity Exchange Act ” means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.) and any successor statute, and any regulations promulgated thereunder. “ Communications ” means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein that is distributed to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 9.01, including through an Approved Electronic Platform. “ Competitor ” means any competitor of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (as determined in good faith by the Borrower). “ Connection Income Taxes ” means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. “ Consolidated EBITDA ” means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (a) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of (i) consolidated interest expense for such period, (ii) consolidated income tax expense for such period, (iii) all amounts attributable to depreciation and amortization for such period (including amortization of intangibles, including, but not limited to 19 goodwill, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, amortization expense attributable to a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period), (iv) all losses for such period on sales or dispositions of assets outside the ordinary course of business or discontinued operations, (v) any non-cash compensation expense, costs and expenses related to management equity plans or stock option or phantom equity plans or any other management or employee benefit plans or agreements, or curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans for such period, and all extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring non-cash charges for such period, (vi) any restructuring or extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring cash charges, severance, relocation, integration, recruiting, retention or transition costs, business optimization expenses or costs or expenses related to closure/consolidation of facilities; provided that the aggregate additions to Consolidated EBITDA, for any period being tested, pursuant to this clause (vi) together with the aggregate amount of all other Capped Adjustments for such period shall not exceed 10% of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (determined prior to giving effect to any addback for any Capped Adjustments), (vii) non-cash goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges for such period, (viii) charges for such period recognized on changes in the fair value of contingent consideration payable by, and non-cash charges for such period recognized on changes in the fair value of the noncontrolling interest in any acquiree acquired by, the Borrower or any Subsidiary in any business combination and non-cash charges for such period for changes in the fair value of minority equity investments of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (ix) any non-cash expenses for such period resulting from the grant of stock options or other equity-based incentives to any director, officer, employee or other personal service provider of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, (x) transaction costs associated with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and with any actual, proposed or contemplated issuance of Equity Interests, the making of any investment, Acquisition or disposition, or the issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or refinancings, (xi) any net loss incurred in such period from foreign currency exchanges, conversions, translations and/or contracts, (xii) expenses and charges that are reimbursed by indemnification or insurance, (xiii) all losses for such period attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, hedging agreements or other derivative instruments; provided that any cash payment made with respect to any non-cash items added back in computing Consolidated EBITDA for any prior period pursuant to clause (v), (viii) or (ix) shall be subtracted in computing Consolidated EBITDA for the period in which such cash payment is made and (xiv) any “run-rate” cost savings, operating expense reductions, operating enhancements or similar benefits that are projected by the Borrower in good faith to result from actions either taken or expected to be taken within 18 months of the determination to take such action, net of the amount of actual benefits realized prior to or during such period from such actions, as set forth in a certificate of a Financial Officer; provided that the aggregate additions to Consolidated EBITDA, for any period being tested, pursuant to this clause (xiv) together with the aggregate amount of all other Capped Adjustments for such period shall not exceed 10% of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (determined prior to giving effect to any addback for any Capped Adjustments); and minus (b) without duplication and to the extent included in determining such Consolidated Net Income, (i) all gains for such period on sales or dispositions of assets outside the ordinary course of business or discontinued operations, (ii) all gains for such period arising from business combinations, including gains on a “bargain purchase” and gains recognized on changes in the fair value of contingent consideration payable by, and gains recognized on changes in the fair value of the noncontrolling interest in any acquiree acquired by, the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection therewith and gains for such period for 20 changes in the fair value of minority equity investments of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (iii) any extraordinary gains for such period, (iv) any non-cash items of income for such period that represent the reversal of any accrual of charges referred to in clauses (a)(v), (a)(vi) or (a)(ix) above, (v) all gains for such period attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, hedging agreements or other derivative instruments, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and (vi) any net gain incurred in such period from foreign currency exchanges, conversions, translations and/or contracts. In the event any Subsidiary shall be a Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, all amounts added back in computing Consolidated EBITDA for any period pursuant to clause (a) above, and all amounts subtracted in computing Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (b) above, to the extent such amounts are, in the reasonable judgment of a Financial Officer, attributable to such Subsidiary, shall be reduced by the portion thereof that is attributable to the noncontrolling interest in such Subsidiary. For the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any Test Period for the purposes of any determination of the Leverage Ratio, if during such Test Period (or, in the case of determining compliance with Section 6.05 on a pro forma basis (but not the actual compliance with Section 6.05), during the period from the last day of such Test Period to and including the date as of which such calculation is made) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall have consummated a Material Disposition or Material Acquisition, Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Material Disposition or Material Acquisition had occurred on the first day of such Test Period. “ Consolidated Net Income ” means, for any period, the net income or loss of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded the income or loss of any Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary to the extent such income or loss is attributable to the noncontrolling interest in such Subsidiary. “ Consolidated Revenues ” means, for any period, the aggregate revenues of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. “ Consolidated Total Assets ” means, at any time, the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries at such time, as such amount would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower prepared in accordance with GAAP; provided that if after such time and to and including the date of the calculation of “Consolidated Total Assets”, the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall have consummated a Material Acquisition or a Material Disposition, Consolidated Total Assets as of such time shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Material Acquisition or Material Disposition had occurred as of such time. “ Consolidated Total Debt ” means, at any time, the sum, without duplication of (i) Indebtedness of the type referred to in clauses (a) and (b) of the definition thereof and (ii) Capital Lease Obligations, in each case, of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis as of such time. “ CORRA ” means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor administrator). 21 “ CORRA Administrator ” means the Bank of Canada (or any successor administrator). “ CORRA Determination Date ” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Daily Simple CORRA”. “ CORRA Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate. “ CORRA Rate Day ” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Daily Simple CORRA”. “ Corresponding Tenor ” with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. “ Covered Entity ” means any of the following: (a) a “covered entity” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 252.82(b), (b) a “covered bank” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 47.3(b), or (c) a “covered FSI” as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. § 382.2(b). “ Covered Party ” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.20. “ Daily Simple CORRA ” means, for any day (a “ CORRA Rate Day ”), with respect to any Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to CORRA for the day (such day “ CORRA Determination Date ”) that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such CORRA Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such CORRA Rate Day or (ii) if such CORRA Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such CORRA Rate Day, in each case, as such CORRA is published by the CORRA Administrator on the CORRA Administrator’s website. Any change in Daily Simple CORRA due to a change in CORRA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in CORRA without notice to the Borrower. If by 5:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on any given CORRA Determination Date, CORRA in respect of such CORRA Determination Date has not been published on the CORRA Administrator’s website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple CORRA has not occurred, then CORRA for such CORRA Determination Date will be CORRA as published in respect of the first preceding RFR Business Day for which such CORRA was published on the CORRA Administrator’s website, so long as such first preceding RFR Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such CORRA Determination Date. “ Daily Simple SARON ” means, for any day (an “ SARON Interest Day ”), with respect to any Loan denominated in Swiss Francs, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SARON for the day that is five RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SARON Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such SARON Interest Day or (ii) if such SARON Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SARON Interest Day and (b) zero. Any change in Daily Simple SARON due to a change in SARON shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in RFR. 22 “ Daily Simple SOFR ” means, for any day (a “ SOFR Interest Day ”), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day that is four RFR Business Days prior to (a) if such SOFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Interest Day or (b) if such SOFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Interest Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR. “ Daily Simple SONIA ” means, for any day (a “ SONIA Interest Day ”), with respect to any Loan denominated in Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SONIA for the day that is five RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SONIA Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such SONIA Interest Day or (ii) if such SONIA Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Interest Day and (b) zero. Any change in Daily Simple SONIA due to a change in SONIA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in RFR. “ Default ” means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. “ Default Right ” has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. §§ 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. “ Defaulting Lender ” means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender, in good faith, notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent to such funding (specifically identified in such writing, including, if applicable, by reference to a specific Default) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or an Issuing Bank in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified in such writing or public statement, including, if applicable, by reference to a specific Default) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after a written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of certification) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Administrative Agent’s or the Borrower’s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, as applicable, or (d) has, or has a Lender Parent that has, become the subject of (i) a Bankruptcy Event or (ii) a Bail-In Action. 23 “ Disclosed Matters ” means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed on Schedule 3.06. “ Disqualified Equity Interest ” means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest in such Person that by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event or condition: (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests), whether pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise; (b) is convertible or exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof, for Indebtedness or Equity Interests (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests); or (c) is redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests) or is required to be repurchased by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder thereof; in each case, on or prior to the date 180 days after the Maturity Date; provided , however , that (i) an Equity Interest in any Person that would not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest but for terms thereof giving holders thereof the right to require such Person to redeem or purchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of an “asset sale” or a “change of control” shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest if any such requirement becomes operative only after the Termination Date and (ii) an Equity Interest in any Person that is issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees or by any such plan to such employees shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest solely because it may be required to be repurchased by such Person or any of its subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee’s termination, death or disability. “ Disqualified Lender ” means (a) any Competitor that the Borrower has identified, by name, in writing to the Administrative Agent from time to time on or after the Effective Date and (b) Affiliates of any Person described in clause (a) above if such Affiliates are identified by the Borrower, by name, in writing to the Administrative Agent from time to time on or after the Effective Date or are clearly identifiable as an Affiliate of such Person based solely on the similarity of such Affiliate’s name to the name of such Person; provided that (i) no designation of any Person as a “Disqualified Lender” shall apply retroactively to disqualify any Person that has previously acquired any assignment or participation interest (or shall have entered into a trade therefor) prior thereto, but shall disqualify such Person from taking any further assignment or participation thereafter and (ii) a designation of a Person as a Disqualified Lender pursuant to a writing delivered by the Borrower shall become effective one Business Day after delivery of such writing to the Administrative Agent. The Borrower shall deliver any such writing to the Administrative Agent via email to JPMDQ_Contact@jpmorgan.com. 24 “ Domestic Subsidiary ” means a Subsidiary incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia. “ EEA Financial Institution ” means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country that is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country that is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country that is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. “ EEA Member Country ” means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. “ EEA Resolution Authority ” means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. “ Effective Date ” means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02), which date is acknowledged to be December 5, 2024. “ Electronic Signature ” means an electronic sound, symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. “ Eligible Assignee ” means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund and (d) any other Person, other than, in each case, (i) a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person), (ii) a Defaulting Lender, (iii) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Affiliate of the Borrower or (iv) any Disqualified Lender. “ Environmental Laws ” means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any toxic or hazardous substance or waste, or to health and safety matters. “ Environmental Liability ” means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of or relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 25 “ Equity Interests ” means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests (including shares) in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest; provided that Indebtedness (including Permitted Convertible Notes) that is convertible into Equity Interests in the Borrower shall not, prior to the date of conversion thereof, constitute Equity Interests in the Borrower. “ ERISA ” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. “ ERISA Affiliate ” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. “ ERISA Event ” means (a) any reportable event (within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder) with respect to a Plan, other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived; (b) a failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standard (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan, whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) a determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at-risk status (within the meaning of Section 430(i)(4) of the Code or Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA); (e) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (f) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (g) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (h) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent (within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA) or in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA); (i) the occurrence of a non-exempt “prohibited transaction” (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) concerning any Plan and with respect to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is a “disqualified person” (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code) or a “party in interest” (within the meaning of Section 3(14) of ERISA) or could otherwise be liable; or (j) any other event or condition with respect to a Plan or Multiemployer Plan that could result in liability of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. “ Erroneous Payment ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VIII. “ EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule ” means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 26 “ EURIBOR Loan ” means any Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the EURIBOR Rate. “ EURIBOR Rate ” means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. “ EURIBOR Screen Rate ” means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters as published at approximately 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Borrower. “ Euro ” or “ € ” means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted a single currency in accordance with applicable law or treaty. “ Events of Default ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. “ Exchange Act ” means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934. “ Exchange Rate ” means, on any date of determination, for purposes of determining the US Dollar Equivalent of any currency other than US Dollars, the rate at which such other currency may be exchanged into US Dollars last provided (either by publication or as may otherwise be provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (determined based on New York City time) immediately preceding such day of determination (or, if a Reuters source ceases to be available or Reuters ceases to provide such rate of exchange, as last provided by such other publicly available information service that provides such rate of exchange at such time as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion). Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition or the definition of “US Dollar Equivalent”, each Issuing Bank may, solely for purposes of computing the fronting fees owed to it under Section 2.12(b), compute the US Dollar amounts of the LC Exposures attributable to Letters of Credit issued by it by reference to exchange rates determined using any reasonable method customarily employed by it for such purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, any exchange rate used will be with no mark-up or spread added. “ Excluded Taxes ” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or required to be withheld or deducted from such payment: (a) Taxes imposed on (or measured by) net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case (i) imposed as a result of such recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office, or, in the case of 27 any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Foreign Lender, any U.S. federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law, rule or regulation in effect on the date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (other than pursuant to an assignment at the request of the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or designates a new lending office, except in each case to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, immediately before designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.17(a) or 2.17(c), (c) any Taxes attributable to such recipient’s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f), and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. “ Existing Credit Agreement ” means the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2018, among the Borrower, the lending institutions from time to time parties thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swingline lender and the collateral agent. “ Existing Letters of Credit ” means letters of credit issued under the Existing Credit Agreement, or pursuant to the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement deemed issued thereunder, that are outstanding on the Effective Date and described on Schedule 2.06(b). “ Existing Maturity Date ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a). “ Extended Letters of Credit ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(c). “ Extending Lender ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(b). “ Extension ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a). “ Extension Closing Date ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(b). “ Extension Notice ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a). “ FATCA ” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. “ Federal Funds Effective Rate ” means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day’s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB’s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that if such rate would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for all purposes of this Agreement. 28 “ Financial Officer ” means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, financial director, treasurer or controller of the Borrower; provided that, when such term is used in reference to any document executed by, or a certification of, a Financial Officer, upon request of the Administrative Agent, the secretary, an assistant secretary or any other officer or manager (or authorized signatory holding equivalent function) of the Borrower shall have delivered (which delivery may be made on the Effective Date) an incumbency certificate to the Administrative Agent as to the authority of such individual. “ Fitch ” means Fitch Ratings Inc. and any successor to its rating agency business. “ Floor ” means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Relevant Rate. “ Foreign Currency Overnight Rate ” means, for any day, with respect to any currency, a rate per annum at which overnight deposits in such currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day in the principal interbank market for such currency, as such rate is determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, by such means as the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall determine to be reasonable. “ Foreign Lender ” means a Lender that is not a US Person. “ Foreign Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. “ GAAP ” means, subject to Section 1.04(a), generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. “ Governmental Authority ” means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national body exercising such powers or functions, such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). “ Guarantee ” of or by any Person (the “ guarantor ”) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the “ primary obligor ”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or other obligation; provided that the term “Guarantee” shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. For the 29 avoidance of doubt, any expression by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of an intent to continue to provide financial support to any of its subsidiaries made in a management representation letter delivered in connection with an audit of the financial statements of such subsidiary, so long as such expression of intent does not create any binding obligation, contingent or otherwise, on the Borrower or such Subsidiary to provide such support, shall not be deemed to be a Guarantee. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation (which, in the case of any Guarantee of any Indebtedness, shall be the principal amount of such Indebtedness), or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. “ Hazardous Materials ” means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, per-or polyfluoroalkyl substances, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. “ Increase Effective Date ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(d)(ii). “ Increasing Lender ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(d)(i). “ Incremental Agreement ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(d)(i). “ Indebtedness ” of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) accounts payable incurred, and other current liabilities accrued, in each case in the ordinary course of business, (ii) purchase price adjustments, earnouts, holdbacks and other similar deferred consideration payable in connection with Acquisitions and (iii) deferred or equity compensation arrangements payable to directors, officers, employees, advisors, consultants or other providers of services), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (i) [reserved] and (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers’ acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other Person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person’s ownership interest in or other relationship with such other Person, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness of any Person shall not include (i) trade payables, (ii) endorsements of checks, bills of exchange and other instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business, (iii) customer deposits and advances, and interest payable thereon, in the ordinary course of business in accordance with customary trade terms and 30 other obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business through credit on an open account basis customarily extended to such Person in connection with the purchase of goods or services, or (iv) obligations under overdraft arrangements with banks incurred in the ordinary course of business to cover working capital needs. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other Person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person’s ownership interest in or other relationship with such other Person, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. “ Indemnified Taxes ” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. “ Indemnitee ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). “ Initial Loans ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(d)(iii). “ Interest Election Request ” means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which shall be in the form of Exhibit D or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. “ Interest Payment Date ” means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the date of the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month), (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months’ duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months’ duration after the first day of such Interest Period and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date. “ Interest Period ” means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or (other than in the case of Borrowings denominated in Canadian Dollars) six months (or, with the consent of each Lender participating therein, twelve months) thereafter, as the Borrower may elect; provided that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (c) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(b)(iv) shall be available for specification in any Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and 31 thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. “ Investors ” means each of Adam Foroughi, the Foroughi 2015 Irrevocable Trust, Andrew Karam, the Karam 2015 Irrevocable Trust, John Krystynak and, in each case, any of their affiliates. “ IRS ” means the US Internal Revenue Service. “ ISP ” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the “International Standby Practices 1998” published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). “ Issuing Bank ” means (a) each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Bank of America, N.A., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Citibank, N.A. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA and (b) any other Lender that has entered into an Issuing Bank Agreement with the Borrower, each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i); provided that, Goldman Sachs Bank USA shall have no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit that is not a standby letter of credit. Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term “Issuing Bank” shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate (it being agreed that such Issuing Bank shall, or shall cause such Affiliate to, comply with the requirements of Section 2.06 with respect to such Letters of Credit). “ Issuing Bank Agreement ” means an agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and a Lender pursuant to which such Lender agrees to act as an Issuing Bank hereunder, in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. “ Judgment Currency ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.15(b). “ LC Commitment ” means, as to any Issuing Bank, the maximum permitted amount of the LC Exposure that may be attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. The initial amount of each Issuing Bank’s LC Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.06(a) or in such Issuing Bank’s Issuing Bank Agreement. The LC Commitment of any Issuing Bank may be increased or reduced by written agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Borrower, provided that a copy of such written agreement shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent. “ LC Disbursement ” means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. The amount of any LC Disbursement made by an Issuing Bank in an Alternative LC Currency and not reimbursed by the Borrower shall be determined as set forth in Section 2.06(e) or 2.06(l), as applicable. “ LC Exchange Rate ” means, on any date of determination, with respect to US Dollars in relation to any Alternative LC Currency, the rate at which US Dollars may be exchanged into such Alternative LC Currency on such day as last provided (either by publication or as may 32 otherwise be provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (determined based on New York City time) immediately preceding such day of determination (or, if a Reuters source ceases to be available or Reuters ceases to provide such rate of exchange, as last provided by such other publicly available information service that provides such rate of exchange at such time as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion). For the avoidance of doubt, any exchange rate used will be with no mark-up or spread added. “ LC Exposure ” means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate of the US Dollar Equivalents (based on the applicable Exchange Rates) of the undrawn amounts of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate of the US Dollar Equivalents (based on the applicable Exchange Rates) of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time, adjusted (without duplication) to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.20 of the LC Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time. “ LC Participation Calculation Date ” means, with respect to any LC Disbursement made by any Issuing Bank or any refund of a reimbursement payment made by any Issuing Bank to the Borrower, in each case in a currency other than US Dollars, (a) the date on which such Issuing Bank shall advise the Administrative Agent that it purchased with US Dollars the currency used to make such LC Disbursement or refund or (b) if such Issuing Bank shall not advise the Administrative Agent that it made such a purchase, the date on which such LC Disbursement or refund is made. “ Lender Parent ” means, with respect to any Lender, any Person in respect of which such Lender is a subsidiary. “ Lenders ” means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.09(d) or 9.02(d) or an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term “Lenders” includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. “ Letter of Credit ” means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement, and, as of the Effective Date, the Existing Letters of Credit, other than any such letter of credit that shall have ceased to be a “Letter of Credit” outstanding hereunder pursuant to Section 9.05. “ Leverage Ratio ” means, on any date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Debt as of such date minus up to US$1,000,000,000 of Unrestricted cash and Permitted Investments of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended. “ Liabilities ” means any losses, claims, damages or liabilities of any kind. “ Lien ” means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, assignment by way of security, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, 33 capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset. “ Loan ” means any loan made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. “ Loan Documents ” means, collectively, (a) this Agreement and any Incremental Agreement and (b) except for purposes of Section 9.02, any promissory notes delivered pursuant to Section 2.10(e) and any letter of credit applications referred to in Section 2.06(a) and any Issuing Bank Agreement. “ Material Acquisition ” means any Acquisition by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that involves consideration in excess of US$250,000,000. “ Material Adverse Effect ” shall mean a circumstance or condition affecting the business, assets, operations, properties, or financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that would, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect (i) the ability of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or (ii) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Loan Documents, taken as a whole. “ Material Disposition ” means any sale, transfer or other disposition, or series of related sales, transfers or other dispositions, of any property or assets by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that yields gross proceeds (whether cash or non-cash) to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in excess of US$250,000,000. “ Material Indebtedness ” means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit under the Loan Documents), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding US$250,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the “amount” of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be (i) the mark-to-market value for such Swap Agreement based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in Swap Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender) or (ii) in the absence of any such quotations, the maximum aggregate principal amount that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time, in each case giving effect to any applicable netting agreements. “ Material Subsidiary ” means, at any time, each Subsidiary other than Subsidiaries that do not represent more than 5% for any such Subsidiary, or more than 10% in the aggregate for all such Subsidiaries, of either (i) Consolidated Total Assets or (ii) Consolidated Revenues of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries at the end of or for the Test Period then most recently ended. “ Maturity Date ” means December 5, 2029, as such date may be extended pursuant to Section 2.21. “ Maximum Rate ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13. 34 “ MNPI ” means material information concerning the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or any of their securities, that has not been disseminated in a manner making it available to investors generally, within the meaning of Regulation FD under the Exchange Act. For purposes of this definition, “material information” means information concerning the Borrower, any Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or any of their securities, that could reasonably be expected to be material for purposes of the United States Federal and state securities laws. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor to its rating agency business. “ Multiemployer Plan ” means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, that is contributed to or required to be contributed to by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability (other than a multiemployer plan in its capacity as a direct or indirect investor in the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate). “ Non-Defaulting Lender ” means, at any time, any Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. “ Non-Extending Lender ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(b). “ Non-Increasing Lender ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(d)(i). “ NYFRB ” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. “ NYFRB Rate ” means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term “NYFRB Rate” means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided further that if any of the foregoing rates as so determined shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. “ NYFRB’s Website ” means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. “ Obligations ” means (a) the due and punctual payment by the Borrower of (i) the principal of and interest (including interest accruing, at the rate specified herein, during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on all Loans, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise, and (ii) each payment required to be made by the Borrower under any Loan Document in respect of any Letter of Credit, when and as due, including payments in respect of reimbursement of disbursements, interest thereon (including interest accruing, at the rate specified herein, during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) and obligations to provide cash collateral, and (b) the due and punctual payment or 35 performance by the Borrower of all other monetary obligations under this Agreement and by the Borrower of all other monetary obligations under any other Loan Document to which it is a party, including fees, costs, expenses and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations accruing, at the rate specified herein or therein, or incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding). “ Other Connection Taxes ” means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or any Issuing Bank, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). “ Other Taxes ” means any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing Taxes or any other excise or property Taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made at the request of the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19(b)). “ Overnight Bank Funding Rate ” means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in US Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB’s Website from time to time and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate; provided that if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. “ Parent Entity ” shall mean any Person that is a direct or indirect parent company (which may be organized as, among other things, a partnership) of the Borrower, as applicable; provided that for purposes of the definition of Change of Control, references to the Borrower shall be deemed to refer to any such Parent Entity. “ Participant ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c)(i). “ Participant Register ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c)(i). “ Participating Member State ” shall mean any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to economic and monetary union. “ Payment ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VIII. “ Payment Notice ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VIII. 36 “ PBGC ” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. “ Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day ” has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of “Term CORRA”. “ Permitted Convertible Notes ” means any notes issued by the Borrower that are convertible into common stock of the Borrower (or other Equity Interests, securities, property or assets following a merger event or other event or circumstance resulting in the common stock of the Borrower generally being converted into, or exchanged for, other Equity Interests, securities, property or assets), cash (the amount of such cash being determined by reference to the price of such common stock or such other Equity Interests, securities, property or assets), or any combination of any of the foregoing, and cash in lieu of fractional shares of common stock; provided that (a) the stated final maturity thereof shall be no earlier than 91 days after the Maturity Date, and shall not be subject to any conditions that could result in such stated final maturity occurring on a date that precedes the 91st day after the Maturity Date (it being understood that each of (i) a repurchase of such notes on account of the occurrence of a “change of control”, “fundamental change”, liquidation, delisting or other similar event, (ii) any redemption of such notes at the option of the Borrower, (iii) the conversion of such notes in accordance with their terms, (iv) the acceleration of such notes following the occurrence of an event of default under the terms of the agreements governing such notes and (v) the occurrence of any event or satisfaction of any condition permitting any of the foregoing, shall be deemed not to constitute a change in the stated final maturity thereof), (b) such notes shall not be required to be repaid, prepaid, redeemed, repurchased or defeased, whether on one or more fixed dates, upon the occurrence of one or more events or at the option of any holder thereof (except, in each case, upon the occurrence of (i) an event of default under the terms of the agreements governing such notes, (ii) a “change of control”, “fundamental change”, liquidation, delisting or other similar event, (iii) a conversion or (iv) following the Borrower’s election to redeem such notes) prior to the 91st day after the Maturity Date, (c) the terms, conditions and covenants of such notes shall be customary or more favorable to the Borrower than customary for notes of such type (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), (d) no Subsidiary shall Guarantee obligations of the Borrower thereunder, and (e) the obligations in respect thereof (and any Guarantee thereof) shall not be secured by Liens on any assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary. “ Permitted Encumbrances ” means: (a) Liens imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; (b) (x) carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s, repairmen’s, vendors’ and lessors’ Liens (and deposits to obtain the release of such Liens), setoff rights and other like Liens imposed by law (or contract, to the extent that such contractual Liens are similar in nature and scope to such Liens imposed by law), arising in the ordinary course of business and Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory, common law or contractual provision relating to banker’s Liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to securities accounts, deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution or securities intermediary and (y) Liens for Taxes that (i) are not overdue by more than 30 days or (ii) are 37 being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, provided that the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP; (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers’ compensation, disability, unemployment insurance and other similar plans or programs and other social security laws or regulations; (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including deposits in respect of tax assessments (or in respect of any performance bonds posted in connection therewith) that are required to be made by the assessing municipalities prior to the commencement of litigation challenging such assessments), in each case in the ordinary course of business; (e) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 7.01(k); (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (g) licenses and sublicenses of intellectual property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and leases and subleases of property granted to others in the ordinary course of business not in any way interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (h) Liens and deposits securing netting services, business credit card or purchase card programs, overdraft protection and other treasury, depository, Swap Contracts and cash management services or incurred in connection with any automated clearing-house transfers of funds or other fund transfer or payment processing services; (i) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof incurred in connection with the financing of insurance premiums; and (j) the interest and title of a lessor or licensor under any lease, license, sublease or sublicense entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business; provided that the term “Permitted Encumbrances” shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. “ Permitted Holders ” shall mean each of (i) the Investors and their respective Affiliates and members of management of Borrower or any Subsidiary (or their respective direct or indirect parent, management investment vehicle or estate planning vehicle) who are holders of Equity Interests of the Borrower (or its direct or indirect parent company or management investment vehicle) and any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision) of which any of the foregoing are members; provided 38 that , in the case of such group and without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, such Investors, their respective Affiliates and members of management, collectively, have beneficial ownership of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Borrower or any other direct or indirect Parent Entity, (ii) any direct or indirect Parent Entity formed not in connection with, or in contemplation of, a transaction (other than the Transactions) that, assuming such parent was not formed after giving effect thereto, would constitute a Change of Control and (iii) any entity (other than a Parent Entity) through which a Parent Entity described in clause (ii) directly or indirectly holds Equity Interests of the Borrower and has no other material operations other than those incidental thereto. “ Permitted Investments ” means: (a) direct obligations of the United States of America (including U.S. Treasury bills, notes and bonds) that are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America; (b) direct obligations of any agency of the United States of America that are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America and direct obligations of United States of America government-sponsored enterprises (including the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation)that are rated the same as direct obligations of the United States of America; (c) direct obligations of, and obligations fully guaranteed by, any State of the United States of America that, on the date of acquisition, are rated investment grade by Moody’s or by S&P, including general obligation and revenue notes and bonds, insured bonds (including all insured bonds having, on the date of acquisition, a credit rating of Aaa by Moody’s and AAA by S&P) and refunded bonds (reissued bonds collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities); (d) Indebtedness of any county or other local governmental body within the United States of America having, on the date of acquisition, a credit rating of Aaa by Moody’s or AAA by S&P, or Auction Rate Securities, Tax-Exempt Commercial Paper or Variable Rate Demand Notes issued by such bodies that is, on the date of acquisition, rated at least A3/P-1/VMIG-1 by Moody’s or A-/A-1/SP-1 by S&P; (e) non-US Dollar denominated indebtedness of other sovereign countries having, on the date of acquisition, a credit rating of Aaa by Moody’s or AAA by S&P; (f) non-US Dollar denominated indebtedness of government agencies having, on the date of acquisition, a credit rating of Aaa by Moody’s or AAA by S&P; (g) mortgage-backed securities of the United States of America and/or any agency thereof that are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America; provided that such mortgage-backed securities that are purchased on a TBA (“To-Be-Announced”) basis must have a settlement date of less than three months from date of purchase; 39 (h) collateralized mortgage obligations of the United States of America and/or any agency thereof that are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America; (i) commercial paper issued by any corporation or bank having a maturity of nine months or less and having, on the date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least P1 or the equivalent thereof from Moody’s or A1 or the equivalent thereof from S&P; (j) money market investments, deposits, bankers acceptances, certificates of deposit, notes and other like instruments, in each case issued by any bank that has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than US$500,000,000; (k) direct obligations of corporations, banks or financial entities and agencies, including medium term notes (MTN) and bonds, structured notes and Eurodollar/Yankee notes and bonds, in each case having, at the date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least Baa1 from Moody’s or BBB+ from S&P; (l) repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements for securities described in clauses (a) through (c) above with a financial institution described in clause (j) above; (m) asset-backed securities that are, on the date of acquisition, rated BBB+ by S&P or Baa1 by Moody’s; (n) money market funds and mutual funds consisting primarily of investments described in clauses (a) through (m) above, in each case having a credit rating of at least Aaa from Moody’s or AAA from S&P, and in each case having at least US$500,000,000 of assets under management; (o) money market investments, deposits, bankers acceptances, certificates of deposit, notes and other like instruments, in each case not described in clause (j) of this definition to the extent that (i) the issuing bank is organized under the laws of a country in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries conducts operations and (ii) the aggregate amount of such instruments issued by any individual bank or its Affiliates held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries does not exceed US$20,000,000; (p) securities issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed or insured by any country that is a member state of the European Union or any agency or instrumentality thereof the securities of which are unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation of such government with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; (q) (i) Dollars, (ii) Euro, Pounds Sterling, Yen, Swiss Francs, Canadian Dollars, or any national currency of any Participating Member State in the European Union and (iii) local currencies held from time to time in the ordinary course of business; and (r) other investments determined by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to entail credit risks not materially greater than those associated with the foregoing investments. 40 “ Person ” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. “ Plan ” means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA that is maintained, sponsored or contributed to by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability (other than an employee pension benefit plan in its capacity as a direct or indirect investor in the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate). “ Prime Rate ” means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the “Prime Rate” in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Board of Governors in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the “bank prime loan” rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Board of Governors (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. “ PTE ” means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. “ QFC ” has the meaning assigned to the term “qualified financial contract” in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. § 5390(c)(8)(D). “ QFC Credit Support ” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.20. “ Qualified Material Acquisition ” means any Acquisition by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that the aggregate cash consideration therefor (including Indebtedness of the acquired Person (or of the acquired division, business, operating unit or product line) assumed in connection therewith or that is refinanced in connection therewith, all obligations in respect of deferred purchase price and all other cash consideration payable in connection therewith) exceeds US$1,500,000,000. “ Rating ” means the rating that has been most recently announced (which may be included in any press release that Moody’s, S&P or Fitch issues) by either Moody’s, S&P or Fitch, as the case may be, for any class of senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower. “ Reference Time ” with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means, (a) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR, 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (b) if such Benchmark is EURIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (c) if such Benchmark is Term CORRA, 1:00 p.m. Toronto local time on the day that is two Business Day preceding the date of such setting, (d) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SARON, then five RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (e) if such Benchmark is TIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Japan time two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (f) if, following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term CORRA, the RFR for such Benchmark 41 is Daily Simple CORRA, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (g) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four Business Days prior to such setting or (h) otherwise, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. “ Register ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b)(iv). “ Related Parties ” means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the respective directors, trustees, partners, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person’s Affiliates. “ Relevant Governmental Body ” means (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in US Dollars, the Board of Governors and/or the NYFRB, as applicable, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (b) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (c) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (d) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Swiss Francs, the Swiss National Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Swiss National Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (e) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Yen, the Bank of Japan, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan or, in each case, any successor thereto and (f) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (i) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (x) such Benchmark Replacement or (y) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (w) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (x) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (y) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. “ Relevant Rate ” means (a) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR, (b) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Rate, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, (d) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, the SARON Rate, (e) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, the Daily Simple SONIA, (f) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, the TIBOR Rate and (g) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. “ Relevant Screen Rate ” means (a) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (b) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, Term CORRA, (c) with respect to any 42 Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate and (d) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, the TIBOR Screen Rate. “ Required Lenders ” means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure and total unused Commitments at such time. “ Resolution Authority ” means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. “ Reuters ” means Thomson Reuters Corporation, Refinitiv or, in each case, a successor thereto. “ Revolving Credit Exposure ” means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of such Lender’s Loans denominated in US Dollars outstanding at such time, (b) the sum of the US Dollar Equivalents of the aggregate principal amount of such Lender’s Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies outstanding at such time, (c) such Lender’s LC Exposure at such time and (d) such Lender’s Swingline Exposure at such time. “ RFR ” means (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in Sterling, SONIA, (b) with respect to any Loan denominated in US Dollars, the Daily Simple SOFR, (c) with respect to any Loan denominated in Swiss Francs, SARON and (d) with respect to any Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, solely following a Benchmark Transition Event and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term CORRA, Daily Simple CORRA. “ RFR Borrowing ” means any Borrowing comprised of RFR Loans. “ RFR Business Day ” means (a) for any Loan denominated in Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London, (b) for any Loan denominated in Swiss Francs, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for the settlement of payments and foreign exchange transactions in Zurich, (c) for any Loan denominated in US Dollars, a US Government Securities Business Day and (d) for any Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which commercial banks in Toronto are authorized or required by law to remain closed. “ RFR Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple SARON, Daily Simple SONIA or, if applicable pursuant to Section 2.14, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Daily Simple CORRA. “ S&P ” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., or any successor to its rating agency business. “ Sale/Leaseback Transaction ” means any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall sell or transfer to such Person in contemplation of leasing any real property, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or 43 hereafter acquired, and thereafter the Borrower or any such Subsidiary shall rent or lease such real property from such Person. “ Sanctioned Country ” means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People’s Republic, the Crimea, and non-government controlled areas of the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). “ Sanctioned Person ” means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the European Union or His Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person 50 percent or more owned or controlled by one or more Persons identified in (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. “ Sanctions ” means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the European Union or His Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom. “ SARON ” shall mean, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Business Day published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator’s Website. “ SARON Administrator ” shall mean the SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight). “ SARON Administrator’s Website ” shall mean SIX Swiss Exchange AG’s website, currently at https://www.six-group.com, or any successor source for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight identified as such by the SARON Administrator from time to time. “ SARON Loan ” shall mean any Loan denominated in Swiss Francs, which shall bear interest at a rate determined by reference to Daily Simple SARON. “ SEC ” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. “ SOFR ” means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. “ SOFR Administrator ” means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). “ SOFR Administrator’s Website ” means the NYFRB’s Website, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 44 “ SONIA ” means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator’s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. “ SONIA Administrator ” means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). “ SONIA Administrator’s Website ” means the Bank of England’s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. “ SONIA Borrowing ” means any Borrowing comprised of SONIA Loans. “ SONIA Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Daily Simple SONIA. “ Sterling ” or “ £ ” means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. “ Subsequent Borrowings ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(d)(iii). “ subsidiary ” means, with respect to any Person (the “ parent ”) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent’s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. “ Subsidiary ” means any subsidiary of the Borrower. “ Supported QFC ” has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.20. “ Swap Agreement ” means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. “ Swingline Borrowing ” means a borrowing of a Swingline Loan. “ Swingline Commitment ” means as to any Lender (i) the amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule 2.05 attached hereto or (ii) if such Lender has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Swingline Commitment after the 45 Effective Date, the amount set forth for such Lender as its Swingline Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.04(b)(iv). “ Swingline Exposure ” means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time (excluding, in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, Swingline Loans made by it that are outstanding at such time to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans), adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.20 of the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and (b) in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender outstanding at such time, less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans. “ Swingline Lender ” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates), each in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. “ Swingline Loan ” means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05. All Swingline Loans shall be denominated in US Dollars. “ Swiss Franc ” or “ CHF ” mean the lawful currency of Switzerland. “ TARGET Day ” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) payment system (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system as shall be determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement therefor for purposes hereof) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. “ Taxes ” means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. “ Term Benchmark Borrowing ” means any Borrowing comprised of Term Benchmark Loans. “ Term Benchmark Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR, the EURIBOR Rate, the TIBOR Rate or the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate. “ Term CORRA ” means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the Term CORRA Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the “ Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day ”) that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term CORRA Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 1:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on any Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day the Term CORRA Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term CORRA Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term CORRA Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term 46 CORRA will be the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the first preceding Business Day for which such Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term CORRA Administrator so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day; provided, further , that if Term CORRA shall ever be less than zero, then Term CORRA shall be deemed to be zero for all purposes of this Agreement. “ Term CORRA Administrator ” means Candeal Benchmark Administration Services Inc., TSX Inc., or any successor administrator. “ Term CORRA Notice ” means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Lenders of the occurrence of a Term CORRA Reelection Event. “ Term CORRA Reelection Event ” means the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term CORRA has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term CORRA is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event has previously occurred with respect to Term CORRA resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.14(b) that is not Term CORRA. “ Term CORRA Reference Rate ” means the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA. “ Term SOFR ” means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in US Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two US Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. “ Term SOFR Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR. “ Term SOFR Reference Rate ” means, for any day and time (such day, the “ Term SOFR Determination Day ”), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in US Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the “Term SOFR Reference Rate” for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding US Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. “ Termination Date ” means the first date on which (a) all Commitments have expired with no pending drawings or terminated, (b) the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than contingent 47 obligations for which no claim or demand has been made on the Borrower) have been paid in full in cash and (c) all Letters of Credit (other than, after the Maturity Date, the Extended Letters of Credit) have expired or have been terminated (or shall have ceased to be “Letters of Credit” pursuant to Section 9.05) and all LC Disbursements have been reimbursed. “ Test Period ” means, as of any date, the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower then most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) under Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b), as applicable (or, prior to the first such delivery, the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended September 30, 2024). “ TIBOR Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the TIBOR Rate. “ TIBOR Rate ” means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen and for any Interest Period, the TIBOR Screen Rate two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided that if such rate shall ever be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for all purposes of this Agreement. “ TIBOR Screen Rate ” means the Tokyo interbank offered rate administered by the Ippan Shadan Hojin JBA TIBOR Administration (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant currency and period displayed on page DTIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) as published at approximately 1:00 p.m. Japan time two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. “ Transactions ” means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of the Loan Documents to which it is to be a party, the borrowing of Loans and the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. “ Type ”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR, the EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, the TIBOR Rate, Daily Simple SARON, the Alternate Base Rate, the Daily Simple SONIA or, if applicable pursuant to Section 2.14, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or the Adjusted Daily Simple CORRA. “ UCP ” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). “ UK Financial Institution ” means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 48 Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. “ UK Resolution Authority ” means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. “ Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. “ Unrestricted ” means, when referring to cash of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, that such cash (a) does not appear or would not be required to appear as “restricted” on the financial statements of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary in accordance with GAAP and (b) is not otherwise unavailable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary. “ US Dollar Equivalent ” means, on any date of determination, (a) with respect to any amount in US Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount in any currency other than US Dollars, the equivalent in US Dollars of such amount, determined by the Administrative Agent using the Exchange Rate or the LC Exchange Rate, as applicable, with respect to such currency in effect for such amount on such date. The US Dollar Equivalent at any time of the amount of any Letter of Credit, LC Disbursement or Loan denominated in any currency other than US Dollars shall be the amount most recently determined as provided in Section 1.05(b). “ US Dollars ” or “ US$ ” refers to lawful money of the United States of America. “ US Government Securities Business Day ” means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. “ US Person ” means any person that is (a) a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code and (b) any entity that for U.S. Federal income tax purposes is disregarded as an entity separate from any person described in clause (a) of this definition. “ US Special Resolution Regimes ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.20. “ USA Patriot Act ” means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). “ Voting Stock ” shall mean, with respect to any Person as of any date, the Equity Interests of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the board of directors or equivalent body of such Person. “ Wholly Owned Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary all the Equity Interests in which (other than directors’ qualifying shares and/or other nominal amounts of Equity Interests that are required under applicable law to be held by Persons other than the Borrower or the Wholly Owned Subsidiaries) are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower. 49 “ Withdrawal Liability ” means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. “ Write-Down and Conversion Powers ” means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any U.K. Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of such Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. “ Yen ” or “ ¥ ” mean the lawful currency of Japan. Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a “Term Benchmark Loan”). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a “Term Benchmark Borrowing”). Section 1.03. Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words “include”, “includes” and “including” shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase “without limitation”. The word “will” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word “shall”. The words “asset” and “property” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all real and personal, tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein (including to this Agreement or any other Loan Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person’s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words “herein”, “hereof” and “hereunder”, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof and (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement. Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP; Pro Forma Calculations . 50 (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time; provided that (i) if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith and (ii) for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant set forth in Article VI, including with respect to the definition of “Capital Lease”, no effect shall be given to (A) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at “fair value”, as defined therein, (B) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, (C) any valuation of Indebtedness below its full stated principal amount as a result of the application of Accounting Standards Update 2015-03, Interest, issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, it being agreed that Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, and (D) any change as a result of the adoption of any of the provisions set forth in the Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in February 2016, or any other amendments to the Accounting Standards Codifications issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases or similar agreements that would not be classified as capital leases under GAAP as in effect prior to January 1, 2019. (b) All pro forma computations required to be made hereunder giving effect to any Acquisition, investment, sale, disposition, merger or similar event (i) shall reflect on a pro forma basis such event and, to the extent applicable, the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the assets acquired or disposed of and any related incurrence or reduction of Indebtedness, and (ii) may also reflect, without duplication, adjustments of the type referred to in clauses (a)(vi) and (a)(xiv) of the definition of “Consolidated EBITDA”; provided that the aggregate additions to Consolidated EBITDA, for any period being tested, pursuant to this clause (ii), together with the aggregate amount of all other Capped Adjustments for such period, shall not exceed 10% of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (determined prior to giving effect to any addback for any Capped Adjustments). Section 1.05. Currency Translation . (a) For purposes of any determination under Section 6.01, 6.02, 6.04, 7.01(f), 7.01(g) or 7.01(k), all amounts incurred, outstanding or proposed to be incurred or outstanding in currencies other than US Dollars shall be translated into US Dollars at currency exchange rates 51 in effect on the date of such determination; provided that no Default or Event of Default shall arise as a result of any limitation set forth in US Dollars in Section 6.01, 6.02 or 6.04 being exceeded solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates from those rates applicable at the time or times Indebtedness, Liens or Sale/Leaseback Transactions were initially consummated in reliance on the exceptions under such Sections. For purposes of Section 6.05 and the related definitions, amounts in currencies other than US Dollars shall be translated into US Dollars at the currency exchange rates then most recently used in preparing the Borrower’s consolidated financial statements. (b) (i) The Administrative Agent shall determine the US Dollar Equivalent of any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative LC Currency as of the date of the issuance thereof and on the first Business Day of each calendar month on which such Letter of Credit is outstanding, in each case using the Exchange Rate (as calculated in accordance with the definition thereof on the date of determination), and each such amount shall be the US Dollar Equivalent of such Letter of Credit until the next required calculation thereof pursuant to this Section. The Administrative Agent shall in addition determine the US Dollar Equivalent of any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative LC Currency as provided in Sections 2.06(e) and 2.06(l). (ii) The Administrative Agent shall determine the US Dollar Equivalent of any Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency on or about the date of the commencement of the initial Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of an RFR Loan, the date on which such RFR Loan is made) and as of the date of the commencement of each subsequent Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of an RFR Loan, each date that shall occur at intervals of three months’ duration after the date on which such RFR Loan is made), in each case using the Exchange Rate (as calculated in accordance with the definition thereof on the date of determination), and each such amount shall be the US Dollar Equivalent of such Borrowing until the next required calculation thereof pursuant to this Section. (iii) The Administrative Agent may also determine the US Dollar Equivalent of any Borrowing or Letters of Credit denominated in any currency other than US Dollars as of such other dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine, in each case using the Exchange Rate (as calculated in accordance with the definition thereof on the date of determination), and each such amount shall be the US Dollar Equivalent of such Borrowing or Letter of Credit until the next calculation thereof pursuant to this Section. (iv) The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower, the applicable Lenders and the applicable Issuing Bank of each determination of the US Dollar Equivalent of each Letter of Credit, Borrowing and LC Disbursement. Section 1.06. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in US Dollars or an Alternative Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.14(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the 52 administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. Section 1.07. Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction’s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. ARTICLE 2 T HE C REDITS Section 2.01. Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Loans denominated in US Dollars or Alternative Currencies to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (a) such Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender’s Commitment or (b) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Loans. Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Type and currency made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments to the same Borrower. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and not joint and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender’s failure to make Loans as required. 53 (b) Subject to Section 2.14, each Borrowing shall be comprised (i) in the case of Borrowings denominated in US Dollars, entirely of ABR Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith, (ii) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Euro, entirely of EURIBOR Loans, (iii) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Sterling, entirely of SONIA Loans, (iv) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Canadian Dollars, entirely of CORRA Loans, (v) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Swiss Francs, entirely of SARON Loans and (vi) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Yen, entirely of TIBOR Loans. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum; provided that (i) a Term Benchmark Borrowing that results from a continuation of an outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to such outstanding Borrowing and (ii) a Term Benchmark Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitments. At the time that each ABR Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum; provided that an ABR Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitments or, in the case of an ABR Borrowing, that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of US$100,000 and not less than US$500,000. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of six Term Benchmark Borrowings and RFR Borrowings outstanding. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Borrower shall be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Term Benchmark Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings . To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall submit a written Borrowing Request, signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, to the Administrative Agent (a) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (b) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euro or Canadian Dollars, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (c) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, four Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (d) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing and (e) in the case of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, five RFR Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 54 (i) the aggregate amount and currency of the requested Borrowing; (ii) the date of the requested Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; (iii) the Type of the requested Borrowing; (iv) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term “Interest Period”; and (v) the location and number of the account of the Borrower to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with Section 2.07, or, in the case of any ABR Borrowing requested to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e), the identity and the account of the Issuing Bank that had made such LC Disbursement. If no currency is specified with respect to any requested Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected US Dollars. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be (A) if denominated in US Dollars, an ABR Borrowing, (B) if denominated in Sterling, a SONIA Borrowing and (C) if denominated in any other currency, a Term Benchmark Borrowing of the applicable Type. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender’s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. Section 2.04. [Reserved] . Section 2.05. Swingline Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, from time to time during the Availability Period, each Swingline Lender severally agrees to make Swingline Loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans made by such Swingline Lender exceeding such Swingline Lender’s Swingline Commitment or (ii) any Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Commitment; provided that a Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. (b) To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall submit a written notice to the Administrative Agent by telecopy or electronic mail not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lenders of any such notice received from the Borrower. Each Swingline Lender shall make its ratable portion of the requested Swingline Loan (such ratable 55 portion to be calculated based upon such Swingline Lender’s Swingline Commitment to the total Swingline Commitments of all of the Swingline Lenders) available to the Borrower by means of a credit to an account of the Borrower with the Administrative Agent designated for such purpose (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(e), by remittance to the Issuing Bank) by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. (c) The failure of any Swingline Lender to make its ratable portion of a Swingline Loan shall not relieve any other Swingline Lender of its obligation hereunder to make its ratable portion of such Swingline Loan on the date of such Swingline Loan, but no Swingline Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Swingline Lender to make the ratable portion of a Swingline Loan to be made by such other Swingline Lender on the date of any Swingline Loan. (d) Any Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the Lenders to acquire participations in all or a portion of its Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 12:00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day no later than 5:00 p.m. New York City time on such Business Day and if received after 12:00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day shall mean no later than 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Swingline Lenders, such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to such Swingline Lenders the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to such Swingline Lenders. Any amounts received by a Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by such Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to such Swingline Lenders, as their interests may appear; provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to such Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. 56 (e) Any Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of a Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.13(a). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term “Swingline Lender” shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of a Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. (f) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender, any Swingline Lender may resign as a Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty days’ prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.05(e) above. Section 2.06. Letters of Credit . (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request any Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit for its own account (or so long as the Borrower is a joint and several co-applicant with respect thereto, for the account of any Domestic Subsidiary or, if agreed to by such Issuing Bank, any Foreign Subsidiary), in a form reasonably acceptable to such Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to, or entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with, an Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. The Existing Letters of Credit will, for all purposes of this Agreement (including paragraphs (d) and (e) of this Section), constitute Letters of Credit. (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension; Certain Conditions. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit, other than an automatic extension permitted under paragraph (c) of this Section), the Borrower shall deliver to an Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the currency in which such Letter of Credit is to be denominated (which shall be US Dollars or an Alternative LC Currency), the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to enable the applicable Issuing Bank to prepare, amend or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank’s standard form in 57 connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended or extended only if (and upon each issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension (i) the total LC Exposure shall not exceed US$100,000,000, (ii) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (iii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed the Commitment of such Lender and (iv) the portion of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank shall not, unless otherwise agreed by such Issuing Bank, exceed the LC Commitment of such Issuing Bank. An Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit if: (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing, amending or extending such Letter of Credit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from issuing, amending or extending such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, the issuance, amendment or extension of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular, or any such order, judgment or decree, or law shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital or liquidity requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Effective Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it; (ii) the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally; or (iii) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Bank, such Letter of Credit is in an initial amount less than $50,000, in the case of a commercial Letter of Credit, or $10,000, in the case of a standby Letter of Credit. An Issuing Bank shall be under no obligation to issue any amendment to any Letter of Credit if such Issuing Bank would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. (c) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall by its terms expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension thereof, 12 months after the then-current expiration date at the time of such extension) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date; provided that (A) any Letter of Credit may contain customary automatic extension provisions agreed upon by the Borrower and the applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to which the expiration date of such Letter of Credit shall automatically be extended for a period of up to 12 months (but, subject to clause (B) below, not to a date later than the date set forth in clause (ii) above), subject to a right on the part of such Issuing Bank to prevent any such extension from occurring pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit, and (B) notwithstanding 58 clause (ii) above, a Letter of Credit may, upon the request of the Borrower and the consent, in its sole discretion, of the applicable Issuing Bank, expire after the date set forth in clause (ii) above (any such Letter of Credit expiring after the date referred to in clause (ii) above being referred to as the “ Extended Letter of Credit ”); provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, (x) the obligations of the Lenders to acquire participations in any Extended Letter of Credit and to reimburse any Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than LC Disbursements made prior to the Maturity Date) thereunder shall terminate on the Maturity Date (it being understood that the Lenders shall continue to participate in, and shall be required to reimburse in accordance with this Section, any LC Disbursement under any Extended Letter of Credit made prior to the Maturity Date) and (y) any participation held by any Lender in any Extended Letter of Credit on the Maturity Date (other than in respect of any LC Disbursements thereunder made prior to the Maturity Date) shall be deemed to have been assigned on the Maturity Date by such Lender to the Issuing Bank that issued such Extended Letter of Credit. (d) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the Issuing Bank that is the issuer thereof hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally (subject to, in the case of any Extended Letter of Credit, the final proviso of paragraph (c) of this Section) agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Lender’s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment in respect of an LC Disbursement required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Such payment by the Lenders shall be made (i) if the currency of the applicable LC Disbursement or reimbursement payment shall be US Dollars, then in US Dollars and (ii) subject to paragraph (e) of this Section, if the currency of the applicable LC Disbursement or reimbursement payment shall be an Alternative LC Currency, in US Dollars in an amount equal to the US Dollar Equivalent of such LC Disbursement or reimbursement payment, calculated by the Administrative Agent using the LC Exchange Rate on the applicable LC Participation Calculation Date. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that (A) subject to, in the case of any Extended Letter of Credit, the final proviso of paragraph (c) of this Section, its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit, the occurrence and continuance of a Default, any reduction or termination of the Commitments, any fluctuation in currency values or any force majeure or other event that under any rule of law or uniform practices to which any Letter of Credit is subject (including Section 3.14 of the ISP or any successor publication of the International Chamber of Commerce) or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself permits a drawing to be made under such Letter of Credit after the expiration thereof or of the Commitments, and (B) each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender further acknowledges and agrees that, in issuing, amending or extending any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank shall be entitled to rely, and shall not incur any liability for relying, upon the representation and warranty of the Borrower deemed made pursuant to Section 4.02, unless, at least two Business Days prior to the 59 time such Letter of Credit is issued, amended or extended (or, in the case of an automatic extension permitted pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, at least two Business Days prior to the time by which the election not to extend must be made by the applicable Issuing Bank), the Required Lenders shall have notified the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in writing that, as a result of one or more events or circumstances described in such notice, one or more of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 would not be satisfied if such Letter of Credit were then issued, amended or extended. (e) Reimbursement . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount in the currency of such LC Disbursement equal to such LC Disbursement not later than the date that is one Business Day after the date on which the Borrower shall have received written notice of such LC Disbursement; provided that, if such LC Disbursement is denominated in US Dollars and is not less than the Borrowing Minimum for ABR Loans, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be financed with an ABR Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower’s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Borrowing or Swingline Loan. If the Borrower fails to make any such reimbursement payment when due (and other than in the case of any LC Disbursement under any Extended Letter of Credit made on or after the Maturity Date), the applicable Issuing Bank shall give prompt notice and details thereof to the Administrative Agent, whereupon (A) if such payment relates to a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative LC Currency, automatically and with no further action required, the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the applicable LC Disbursement shall be permanently converted into an obligation to reimburse the US Dollar Equivalent, calculated using the LC Exchange Rate on the applicable LC Participation Calculation Date, of such LC Disbursement and (B) in the case of each LC Disbursement, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the amount of the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender’s Applicable Percentage thereof, and each Lender shall pay in US Dollars to the Administrative Agent on the date such notice is received its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders pursuant to this paragraph), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. If the applicable Borrower’s reimbursement of, or obligation to reimburse, any amounts in any Alternative LC Currency would subject the Administrative Agent, the applicable Issuing Bank or any Lender to any stamp duty, ad valorem charge or similar tax that would not be payable if such reimbursement were made or required to be made in US Dollars, the Borrower shall pay the amount of any such tax requested by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender. 60 (f) Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section is absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any term or provision herein or therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) any force majeure or other event that under any rule of law or uniform practices to which any Letter of Credit is subject (including Section 3.14 of the ISP or any successor publication of the International Chamber of Commerce) or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself permits a drawing to be made under such Letter of Credit after the stated expiration date thereof or of the Commitments or (v) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this paragraph, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or any of their respective Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any other act, failure to act or other event or circumstance; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank’s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that the applicable Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination unless a court of competent jurisdiction shall have determined by a final, non-appealable judgment that such Issuing Bank was grossly negligent or acted with willful misconduct in connection with such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. (g) Disbursement Procedures . The applicable Issuing Bank shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of such Letter of Credit, following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The applicable Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone or email (and, in the case of telephonic notice, promptly confirmed by email) of such demand for payment and of such Issuing Bank 61 having made an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. (h) Interim Interest . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement in full, (i) in the case of any LC Disbursement denominated in US Dollars, and at all times following the conversion to US Dollars of any LC Disbursement made in an Alternative LC Currency pursuant to paragraph (e) or (l) of this Section, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Loans and (ii) if such LC Disbursement is made in an Alternative LC Currency, at all times prior to its conversion to US Dollars pursuant to paragraph (e) or (l) of this Section, at a rate equal to the rate reasonably determined by the applicable Issuing Bank to be the cost to such Issuing Bank of funding such LC Disbursement (which may be deemed by the applicable Issuing Bank, at its election, to equal to the applicable Foreign Currency Overnight Rate) plus the Applicable Margin applicable to Term Benchmark Loans at such time; provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment, and shall be payable on demand or, if no demand has been made, on the date on which the Borrower reimburses the applicable LC Disbursement in full. (i) Resignation or Replacement of an Issuing Bank. An Issuing Bank may be replaced or resign at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced or resigning Issuing Bank and, if applicable, the successor Issuing Bank and execution and delivery by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the successor Issuing Bank of an Issuing Bank Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such resignation or replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such resignation or replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees payable by it that are accrued for the account of the retiring or replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term “Issuing Bank” shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the resignation or replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the retired or replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation or replacement (including the right to receive fees under Section 2.12(b)), but shall not be required to amend or extend any Letter of Credit or to issue additional Letters of Credit. (j) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, or if any Letter of Credit shall extend past the Maturity Date, on the Business Day that the Borrower 62 receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing more than 50% of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, an amount in cash in US Dollars equal to the total LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that (i) amounts payable in respect of any Letter of Credit or LC Disbursement shall be payable in the currency of such Letter of Credit or LC Disbursement, except that LC Disbursements in an Alternative LC Currency in respect of which the Borrower’s reimbursement obligations have been converted to obligations in US Dollars as provided in paragraph (e) or (l) of this Section and interest accrued thereon shall be payable in US Dollars, and (ii) the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary described in Section 7.01(h) or 7.01(i). The Borrower shall also deposit cash collateral in US Dollars in accordance with this paragraph as and to the extent required of the Borrower by Section 2.11(b) or 2.20. Each such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Obligations of the Borrower. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be in Permitted Investments or other cash equivalents and shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower’s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Banks for LC Disbursements on behalf of the Borrower for which they have not been reimbursed, together with related fees, costs and customary processing charges, and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of (A) Lenders with LC Exposure representing more than 50% of the total LC Exposure and (B) in the case of any such application at a time when any Lender is a Defaulting Lender (but only if, after giving effect thereto, the remaining cash collateral shall be less than the total LC Exposure of all the Defaulting Lenders), the consent of each Issuing Bank), be applied to satisfy other Obligations of the Borrower. If the Borrower provides an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower, upon request, within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. If the Borrower provides an amount of cash collateral pursuant to Section 2.11(b), such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower, upon request, to the extent that, after giving effect to such return, the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower would not exceed the Borrower’s pro rata share (determined on the basis of the percentage that the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower represents of the aggregate LC Exposure) of the Aggregate Commitments and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. If the Borrower provides an amount of cash collateral hereunder pursuant to Section 2.20, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower, upon request, to the extent that, after giving effect 63 to such return, no Issuing Bank shall have any exposure in respect of any outstanding Letter of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower that is not fully covered by the Commitments of the Non-Defaulting Lenders and/or the remaining cash collateral and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. (k) Issuing Bank Reports . Each Issuing Bank shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, report in writing to the Administrative Agent, promptly upon request, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. (l) Conversion. In the event that the Loans become immediately due and payable on any date pursuant to Section 7.01, all amounts (i) that the Borrower is at the time or becomes thereafter required to reimburse or otherwise pay to the Administrative Agent in respect of LC Disbursements made under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative LC Currency (other than amounts in respect of which the Borrower has deposited cash collateral, if such cash collateral was deposited in the applicable currency), (ii) that the Lenders are at the time or become thereafter required to pay to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent is at the time or becomes thereafter required to distribute to the applicable Issuing Bank) pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section in respect of unreimbursed LC Disbursements made under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative LC Currency and (iii) of each Lender’s participation in any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative LC Currency under which an LC Disbursement has been made shall, automatically and with no further action required, be converted into the US Dollar Equivalent, calculated using the LC Exchange Rate on such date (or in the case of any LC Disbursement made after such date, on the date such LC Disbursement is made), of such amounts. On and after such conversion, all amounts accruing and owed to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in respect of the obligations described in this paragraph shall accrue and be payable in US Dollars at the rates otherwise applicable hereunder. (m) Communications with Beneficiaries. Each Issuing Bank shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide advance notice to the Borrower of any formal communication by such Issuing Bank with any beneficiary under any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank with respect thereto, other than any such communication in the ordinary course of business or otherwise in accordance with the standard operating procedures of such Issuing Bank. (n) LC Exposure Determination . For all purposes of this Agreement, (i) the amount of a Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the amount that may be drawn thereunder shall be deemed to be the maximum amount that may be drawn under such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases (other than any such increase consisting of the reinstatement of an amount previously drawn thereunder and reimbursed), whether or not such maximum amount may be drawn immediately at the time of determination and (ii) if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the ISP or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such 64 Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be “outstanding” and “undrawn” in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and the Lenders hereunder shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. (o) Applicability of ISP and UCP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), (i) the rules of the ISP shall be stated therein to apply to each standby Letter of Credit and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall be stated therein to apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. (p) Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary of the Borrower, or states that a Subsidiary of the Borrower is the “account party”, “applicant”, “customer”, “instructing party”, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower’s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds in the applicable currency by 12:00 noon, New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request (which, if not an account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates, shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent); provided that ABR Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank specified in the applicable Borrowing Request. (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance on such assumption, make available to the 65 Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, (A) if denominated in US Dollars, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and (B) if denominated in any Alternative Currency, the greater of the Foreign Currency Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, (A) if denominated in US Dollars, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans and (B) if denominated in an Alternative Currency, the interest rate applicable to the subject Loan. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender’s Loan included in such Borrowing. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. Any such payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. Section 2.08. Interest Elections . (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in the applicable Borrowing Request or as otherwise provided in Section 2.03. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert any Borrowing denominated in US Dollars to a different Type or to continue any Term Benchmark Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section, no Borrower shall be permitted to change the currency of any Borrowing or to convert any Borrowing to a Type not available hereunder for the currency in which such Borrowing is denominated. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall submit a written Interest Election Request, signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, to the Administrative Agent by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type, and in the currency, resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be 66 specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; (iii) the Type of the resulting Borrowing; and (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is to be a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term “Interest Period”. If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration. (c) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender’s portion of each resulting Borrowing. (d) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then such Borrowing shall be continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing of the same Type with an Interest Period of one month’s duration unless repaid. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if any Event of Default under Section 7.01(h) or 7.01(i) has occurred and is continuing, or if any other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, in each such case, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) in the case of Borrowings denominated in US Dollars, (A) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing and (B) unless repaid, each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, and (ii) in the case of Borrowings denominated in an Alternative Currency, unless repaid, each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall be continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing of the same Type with an Interest Period of one month’s duration. Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase of Commitments . (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. (b) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of US$1,000,000 and not less than US$5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitments. 67 (c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days (or such later time as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination or reduction of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more events specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. (d) The Borrower may from time to time request increases in the aggregate amount of Commitments pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2.09(d). (i) The Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly provide a copy of such notice to each Lender), request that the total Commitments be increased (a “ Commitment Increase ”) by an amount set forth in such notice; provided that, immediately after giving effect to any Commitment Increase, the sum of (x) the aggregate amount of the Commitments and (y) the aggregate amount of new commitments established under Section 9.02(d), in each case, then in effect shall not exceed US$2,000,000,000. Each Commitment Increase shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than $5,000,000 and shall be in increments of $5,000,000 (or such lesser amounts as agreed by the Administrative Agent). The Borrower may arrange for one or more Eligible Assignees (any such Eligible Assignee being called an “ Augmenting Lender ”), which may include any Lender that agrees to be an Augmenting Lender (each Lender so agreeing being called an “ Increasing Lender ”, and each other Lender being called a “ Non-Increasing Lender ”), to extend Commitments or, in the case of any Lender, increase its Commitment in an aggregate amount not in excess of the amount of the requested Commitment Increase; provided that (A) each Augmenting Lender, if not already a Lender hereunder, shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) and (B) the Borrower and each Augmenting Lender shall execute and deliver an agreement (the “ Incremental Agreement ”), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, to evidence the new Commitment of, or an increase in the Commitment of, such Augmenting Lender and its status as a Lender hereunder and each Augmenting Lender that is not already a Lender shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the Administrative Questionnaire and such other customary documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request for administrative purposes in connection with such Augmenting Lender becoming a Lender hereunder. (ii) Each requested Commitment Increase, and the new Commitments of, or an increase in the Commitments in, the Augmenting Lenders pursuant to such Commitment Increase, shall become effective on the date specified therefor in the 68 applicable Incremental Agreement (such date, the “ Increase Effective Date ”); provided no Incremental Agreement (and no Commitment Increase, or the new Commitments of, or an increase in the Commitments of, the Augmenting Lenders contemplated thereby) shall become effective unless (A) on the Increase Effective Date the conditions set forth in Sections 4.02(a) and 4.02(b) shall be satisfied (without giving effect to the first parenthetical set forth in Section 4.02(a), but, in each case, deeming all references therein to the date, time or effect of a Borrowing (or an issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit) to refer to the date, time and effect of such Commitment Increase) and provided that if the proceeds of any Commitment Increase are intended to be applied to finance an Acquisition or other investment, the availability thereof shall be subject to customary “SunGard” or “certain funds” conditionality (including the making and accuracy of customary specified representations in connection with such Acquisition or other investment) and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower and (B) the Administrative Agent shall have received, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, documents consistent with those delivered pursuant to Sections 4.01(b) and 4.01(c) as to the corporate power and authority of the Borrower to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such Commitment Increase. (iii) On the Increase Effective Date with respect to any Commitment Increase, (A) the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding (the “ Initial Loans ”) immediately prior to giving effect to such Commitment Increase on the Increase Effective Date shall be deemed to be repaid by the Borrower, (B) after the effectiveness of such Commitment Increase, the Borrower shall be deemed to have made new Borrowings (collectively, the “ Subsequent Borrowings ”) in an aggregate principal amount and in currency equal to the aggregate principal amount and currency of the Initial Loans of the Borrower and of the Types and for the Interest Periods specified in a Borrowing Request delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.03, (C) each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent in same day funds in the applicable currency an amount equal to the difference, if positive, between (1) such Lender’s Applicable Percentage (calculated after giving effect to such Commitment Increase) of the Subsequent Borrowings and (2) such Lender’s Applicable Percentage (calculated without giving effect to such Commitment Increase) of the Initial Loans, (D) after the Administrative Agent receives the funds in the applicable currency specified in clause (C) above, the Administrative Agent shall pay to each Lender the portion of such funds that is equal to the difference, if positive, between (1) such Lender’s Applicable Percentage (calculated without giving effect to such Commitment Increase) of the Initial Loans and (2) such Lender’s Applicable Percentage (calculated after giving effect to such Commitment Increase) of the amount of the Subsequent Borrowings, (E) each Lender shall be deemed to hold its Applicable Percentage (each calculated after giving effect to such Commitment Increase) of each Subsequent Borrowing and (F) the Borrower shall pay each Increasing Lender and each Non-Increasing Lender any and all accrued but unpaid interest on the Initial Loans of the Borrower. The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (A) above in respect of any Term Benchmark Loan shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the Increase Effective Date occurs other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto and breakage costs result. 69 Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt . (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date and (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lenders the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the tenth (10 th ) Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made; provided that on each date that a revolving Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding. The Borrower will repay the principal amount of each Loan made to the Borrower and the accrued interest thereon in the currency in which such Loan is denominated. (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period, if any, applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender’s share thereof. (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. (e) Any Lender may request that the Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans . (a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any of its Borrowings in whole or in part, without any premium or penalty (but subject to Section 2.16), subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. (b) In the event and on each occasion that the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds the Aggregate Commitments, the Borrower shall, not later than the next Business Day, 70 prepay Borrowings made to the Borrower in an aggregate amount equal to the Borrower’s pro rata share (determined on the basis of the percentage that the sum of the US Dollar Equivalents of such Borrowings represent of the sum of the US Dollar Equivalents of all Borrowings) of such excess, and in the event that after such prepayment of Borrowings any such excess shall remain, the Borrower shall deposit with the Administrative Agent cash in US Dollars in an amount equal the Borrower’s pro rata share (determined on the basis of the percentage that the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower represents of the aggregate LC Exposure) of such excess as collateral for the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower in respect of Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 2.06(j); provided that if such excess results from a change in Exchange Rates, such prepayment and deposit shall be required to be made not later than the fifth Business Day after the day on which the Administrative Agent shall have given the Borrower notice of such excess. Prepayments made under this paragraph shall be without any premium or penalty (but shall be subject to Section 2.16). (c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender) by telephone or email (and, in the case of telephonic notice, promptly confirmed by email) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, four Business Days before the date of prepayment and (iv) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment; provided that in the case of any prepayment required to be made under paragraph (b) of this Section, the Borrower will give such notice as soon as practicable. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that a notice of optional prepayment of any Borrowing pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section may state that such notice is conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more events specified therein, in which case, such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified date of prepayment) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type and in the same currency as provided in Section 2.02, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13. Section 2.12. Fees . (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Margin on the daily amount by which (i) such Lender’s Commitment exceeds (ii) such Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure (with Swingline Exposure of such Lender being deemed not to be utilization for such purpose), during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates. Commitment fees accrued through and including the last day of March, 71 June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day) following such last day and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day and the last day of each period but excluding the date on which the Commitments terminate). (b) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower, which shall accrue at the Applicable Margin used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans, on the average daily amount of such Lender’s LC Exposure attributable to such Letters of Credit (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender’s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate or rates per annum separately agreed upon between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank on the daily LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower by such Issuing Bank (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements), during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date the LC Commitment of such Issuing Bank is reduced to zero and the date on which there ceases to be any such LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank’s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). (c) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. (d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds in US Dollars, to the Administrative Agent (or to the Issuing Banks, in the case of fees payable to them) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. Section 2.13. Interest . (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 72 (b) The Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest (i) in the case of any such Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, at the Adjusted Term SOFR, (ii) in the case of any such Borrowing denominated in Euro, at the EURIBOR Rate, (iii) in the case of any such Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, at the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, and (iv) in the case of any such Borrowing denominated in Yen, at the TIBOR Rate, in each case for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus, in each case, the Applicable Margin. (c) The Loans comprising each RFR Borrowing shall bear interest (i) in the case of any such Borrowing denominated in Sterling, at the Daily Simple SONIA, (ii) in the case of any such Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, at the Daily Simple SARON, (iii) in the case of any such Borrowing denominated in US Dollars (if applicable pursuant to Section 2.14), at the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, and (iv) in the case of any such Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars (if applicable pursuant to Section 2.14), at the Adjusted Daily Simple CORRA plus, in each case, the Applicable Margin. (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan, any LC Disbursement or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, after giving effect to any grace period, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan or any overdue LC Disbursement, 2% per annum plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan or LC Disbursement as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or Section 2.06(h), as applicable, (ii) in the case of any overdue interest on any Loan, 2% per annum plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (iii) in the case of any other amount, 2% plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. (e) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. All interest shall be payable in the currency in which the applicable Loan is denominated. (f) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that (i) interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate and (ii) interest on Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, interest on RFR Loans denominated in Sterling, and interest computed by reference to Daily Simple SONIA or the TIBOR Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, Term CORRA, TIBOR Rate, Daily Simple SARON, Daily Simple SONIA or, if applicable pursuant to Section 2.14, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Daily Simple CORRA shall be 73 determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest . (a) Subject to Section 2.14(b), if: (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR, the EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate or the TIBOR Rate, as applicable (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Daily Simple SONIA, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency; or (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR, the EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate or the TIBOR Rate, as applicable, for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the Daily Simple SONIA, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency, as applicable, will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in any RFR Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency; then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders (which may be by telephone) as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with Section 2.03, (A) in the case of Loans denominated in US Dollars, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, an affected Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests an affected Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (1) an RFR Borrowing denominated in US Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or 2.14(a)(ii) or (2) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or 2.14(a)(ii) and (B) in the case of Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, any Interest Election Request that requests the continuation of any Borrowing as an affected Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests an affected Term Benchmark Borrowing or an affected RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant Benchmark, shall be ineffective; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the 74 Borrower’s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, as applicable, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with Section 2.08, (A) in the case of Loans denominated in US Dollars, any affected Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, convert to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Loan denominated in US Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or 2.14(a)(ii) or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or 2.14(a)(ii), and (B) in the case of Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, (1) any affected Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, convert to, and shall constitute, a CBR Loan that bears interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread and (2) any affected RFR Loan shall, on the date of the Borrower’s receipt of such notice, convert to, and shall constitute, a CBR Loan that bears interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, in each case of the foregoing clauses (1) and (2), if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any such affected Loan shall, at the election of the Borrower prior to such day, either (x) be converted to an ABR Loan denominated in US Dollars (in an aggregate principal amount equal to the US Dollar Equivalent (for this purpose, determined using the Exchange Rate on the date of determination) of the applicable affected Loan) or (y) be prepaid in full by the Borrower on the day that the Borrower receives notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (it being understood that if no election is made by the Borrower by such day, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected clause (x)). (b) (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” with respect to US Dollars or Canadian Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark 75 Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, with respect to a Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, if a Term CORRA Reelection Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that the foregoing shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Borrowing Agent a Term CORRA Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term CORRA Notice after the occurrence of a Term CORRA Reelection Event and may do so in its sole discretion. (iii) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (B) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (C) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (D) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) below and (E) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR, the EURIBOR Rate, Term CORRA or the TIBOR Rate) and either (x) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (y) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of “Interest Period” for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (A) above either (x) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (y) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then 76 the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of “Interest Period” for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (v) Upon the Borrower’s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, (A) the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for an affected Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in US Dollars into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in US Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event and (B) any request for any affected Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be ineffective. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower’s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, (A) in the case of Loans denominated in US Dollars, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, convert to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in US Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event and (2) any RFR Loan shall, on date of the Borrower’s receipt of such notice, convert to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan and (B) in the case of Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, convert to, and shall constitute, a CBR Loan that bears interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread and (2) any RFR Loan shall, on the date of the Borrower’s receipt of such notice, convert to, and shall constitute, a CBR Loan that bears interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, in each case of the foregoing clauses (1) and (2), if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any such affected Loan shall, at the election of the Borrower prior to such day, either (x) be converted to an ABR Loan denominated in US Dollars (in an aggregate principal amount equal to the US Dollar Equivalent (for this purpose, determined using the Exchange Rate on the date of determination) of the applicable affected Loan) or (y) be prepaid in full by the Borrower on the day that the Borrower receives notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (it being understood that if no election is made by the Borrower by such day, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected clause (x)). During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will be deemed to be zero for all purposes of this Agreement. Section 2.15. Increased Costs . 77 (a) If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or any Issuing Bank; (ii) subject the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to any Taxes on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto (but expressly excluding Taxes referred to in paragraph (f) of this Section); or (iii) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or any applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to or continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or such Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (b) If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has had or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s holding company for any such reduction suffered. (c) A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, as the case may be, setting forth in reasonable detail the manner in which such amount or amounts have been determined, shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof. 78 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. (e) If the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Issuing Bank determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any amount as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.15, it shall pay over such refund to the Borrower (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made by the Borrower under this Section 2.15 with respect to the events giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. This Section shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to make available its accounting records (or any other information which it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. (f) For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 2.15 (i) shall not entitle the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to compensation in respect of any Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes; (ii) shall not apply to (A) Indemnified Taxes; (B) Other Taxes, it being understood that Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes shall be governed by Section 2.17(a), and (C) Connection Income Taxes; and (iii) shall not relieve any Lender of any obligation pursuant to Section 2.17(d), 2.17(f) or 2.17(h). Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(c) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (d) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense (but not lost profit) attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 20 days after receipt thereof. 79 Section 2.17. Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes except as required by applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent); provided that if an applicable withholding agent shall be required by applicable law to deduct any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent, each Lender or each Issuing Bank, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. (b) In addition, the Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. (c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank, within 20 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) or an Issuing Bank, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (d) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank severally agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 20 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of (i) any Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes attributable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank (but only to the extent that the Borrower have not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender’s or such Issuing Bank’s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, in each case, that are paid or payable by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Documents and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or such Issuing Bank under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or such 80 Issuing Bank from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph. Nothing herein shall prevent any Lender or any Issuing Bank from contesting the applicability of any Excluded Taxes that it believes to have been incorrectly or illegally imposed or asserted by any Governmental Authority; provided that no such contest shall suspend the obligation of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to pay amounts due to the Administrative Agent as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph. (e) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (f) (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or, solely with respect to an obligation of the Borrower, at the time or times prescribed by applicable law, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, prescribed by applicable law, as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 2.17(f)(ii)(A), 2.17(f)(ii)(B) and 2.17(f)(ii)(D)) shall not be required if in the Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: (A) any Lender that is a US Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding Tax; (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 81 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest” article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the “business profits” or “other income” article of such tax treaty; (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a “bank” within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a “10 percent shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation” described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a “ U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate ”) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, certified copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 or Exhibit E-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; 82 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement; and (E) Each Administrative Agent that is a US Person shall deliver to the Borrower on or prior to the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement two properly completed and duly signed copies of IRS Form W-9, certifying that such Administrative Agent is exempt from federal backup withholding. Each Lender and Administrative Agent agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. For purposes of this paragraph (f), the term “Lender” includes any Issuing Bank. (g) [Reserved.] (h) If the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Issuing Bank determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay over such refund to the indemnifying party (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that such indemnifying party, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such indemnifying party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank in the event the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph, in no event will the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Issuing Bank be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank in a 83 less favorable net after-Tax position than the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. (i) Each party’s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs . (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder or under any other Loan Document (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to the time expressly required hereunder or under such other Loan Document for such payment (or, if no such time is expressly required, prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time), on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent to the account specified by it from time to time to the Borrower for such purpose, except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein shall be so made and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto and payments pursuant to other Loan Documents shall be made to the Persons specified therein. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment under any Loan Document shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Except as otherwise provided herein, (i) all payments of principal, interest or reimbursement obligations in respect of any Loan or Letter of Credit shall be made in the currency of such Loan or Letter of Credit and (ii) all other payments under each Loan Document (including all fees) shall be made in US Dollars. (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 84 (c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (for the avoidance of doubt, as in effect from time to time) or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or Participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). It is acknowledged and agreed that the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.18(c) reflect an agreement entered into solely among the Lenders (and not the Borrower) and the consent of the Borrower shall not be required to give effect to the acquisition of a participation by a Lender pursuant to such provisions or with respect to any action taken by the Lenders or the Administrative Agent pursuant to such provisions. The Borrower agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower, as the case may be, in the amount of such participation. (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or an Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) if such amount is denominated in US Dollars. the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (ii) if such amount is denominated in any currency other than US Dollars, the greater of the Foreign Currency Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. (e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.06(d), 2.06(e), 2.07(b), 2.17(d), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, 85 in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender’s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future payment obligations of such Lender under such Sections, in each case in such order as shall be determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign and delegate its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment and delegation. (b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, (iv) [reserved], (v) any Lender (or any Participant in respect of any Lender) is a Disqualified Lender (solely for this purpose, in each case, whether or not it was such at the time it acquired any Commitment or Loan (or any participation therein) subject to the assignment and delegation pursuant to this clause (b)), (vi) any Lender becomes a Non-Extending Lender or (vii) any Lender has failed to consent to a proposed waiver, amendment or other modification that under Section 9.02 requires the consent of all the Lenders (or all the affected Lenders) and with respect to which the Required Lenders shall have granted their consent, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (A) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks and Swingline Lender, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, delayed or conditioned, (B) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (C) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result or is reasonably expected to result in a future reduction in such compensation or payments, (D) in the case of any such assignment resulting from the failure to provide a consent, the 86 assignee shall have given such consent and, as a result of such assignment and any contemporaneous assignments and consents, the applicable waiver, amendment or other modification can be effected, (E) [reserved], (F) in the case of any such assignment and delegation resulting from the status of such Lender as a Non-Extending Lender, the assignee shall have agreed to the applicable Extension and (G) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and that the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto. Section 2.20. Defaulting Lenders . (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as any such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: (i) no commitment fee shall accrue on the unused amount of the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a); (ii) the Commitment and the Revolving Credit Exposure of each Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining whether the Required Lenders or any other requisite Lenders have taken any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including any consent to any waiver, amendment or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02); provided , however , that any waiver, amendment or other modification that, disregarding the effect of this clause (ii), requires the consent of all Lenders or of all Lenders affected thereby shall, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, continue to require the consent of such Defaulting Lender in accordance with the terms hereof; (iii) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then: (A) the Swingline Exposure and the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than (i) any portion of such LC Exposure attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements with respect to which such Defaulting Lender shall have funded its participation as contemplated by Sections 2.06(d) and 2.06(e) and (ii) in the case of a Defaulting Lender that is a Swingline Lender, the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages, but only to the extent that, after giving effect to such reallocation, the sum of all Non-Defaulting Lenders’ Revolving Credit Exposures would not exceed the sum of Non-Defaulting Lenders’ Commitments; (B) if the reallocation described in clause (A) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within two Business Days 87 following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize for the benefit of the Issuing Banks the portion of such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower (other than any portion thereof referred to in the parenthetical in such clause (A)) that has not been reallocated in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; (C) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (B) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay participation fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such portion of such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure for so long as such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure is cash collateralized; (D) if any portion of the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender is reallocated pursuant to clause (A) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.12(a) and 2.12(b) shall be adjusted to give effect to such reallocation; and (E) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all participation fees payable by the Borrower under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Banks (and allocated among them ratably based on the amount of such Defaulting Lender’s LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by each Issuing Bank) until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and (iv) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Swingline Lenders shall be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit unless, in each case, it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender’s then outstanding LC Exposure will be fully covered by the Commitments of the Non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral provided by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 2.20, and participating interests in any newly made Swingline Loan and any such issued, amended or extended Letter of Credit will be allocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.20(a)(iii)(A) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). (b) In the event the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Borrower shall have agreed that a Lender that is a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to become a Defaulting Lender, then (i) the participations of the Lenders in Swingline Loans under Section 2.05(d) and Letters of Credit under Section 2.06(d) shall be readjusted to be determined on the basis of the Lenders’ Applicable Percentages and (ii) such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine to be necessary in order for the Loans to be held by the Lenders in accordance with their respective 88 Applicable Percentages, whereupon such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender (but shall not be entitled to receive any fees that ceased to accrue during the period when it was a Defaulting Lender and all amendments, waivers or other modifications effected without its consent in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.02 and this Section 2.20 during such period shall be binding on it). (c) No Commitment of any Lender shall be increased or otherwise affected and, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section, performance by the Borrower of its obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall not be excused or otherwise modified, as a result of the operation of this Section. The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies that the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Non-Defaulting Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender (and, for the avoidance of doubt, each Non-Defaulting Lender shall have a claim against any Defaulting Lender for any losses it may suffer as a result of the operation of this Section). Section 2.21. Extension of Maturity Date . (a) The Borrower may, by written notice (an “ Extension Notice ”) delivered to the Administrative Agent prior to any anniversary of the Effective Date, request an extension (each, an “ Extension ”) of the Maturity Date to the one-year anniversary (or, if such day is not a Business Day, to the immediately preceding Business Day of such one-year anniversary) of the then existing Maturity Date (such existing Maturity Date, the “ Existing Maturity Date ”); provided that (i) not more than two Extensions may be requested since the Effective Date and (ii) after giving effect to any Extension, the Maturity Date shall not be more than five years after the applicable Extension Closing Date. (b) The Administrative Agent shall promptly furnish a copy of each Extension Notice to each Lender, and shall request that each Lender advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to the requested Extension within 20 days of delivery to such Lender of such Extension Notice; provided that any Lender that does not advise the Administrative Agent by the 20th day after the date of such Extension Notice shall be deemed to have declined the requested Extension (each Lender agreeing to the requested Extension being called an “ Extending Lender ”, and each Lender declining or deemed to have declined to agree to the requested Extension being called a “ Non-Extending Lender ”). The decision to agree or withhold agreement to any Extension hereunder shall be at the sole discretion of each Lender. If Lenders constituting the Required Lenders shall have agreed to extend the Maturity Date before the anniversary of the Effective Date immediately following the delivery of the applicable Extension Notice, then, effective as of the Extension Closing Date with respect thereto, the Maturity Date applicable to the Extending Lenders (but not any Non-Extending Lenders) shall be the first anniversary of the Existing Maturity Date; provided that no extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to this Section shall become effective unless (the first date on which such consent of the Required Lenders is obtained and the conditions specified in this proviso are satisfied with respect to the applicable Extension being called the “ Extension Closing Date ”) (i) on the Extension Closing Date the conditions set forth in Sections 4.02(a) and 4.02(b) shall be satisfied (without giving effect to the parenthetical set forth in Section 4.02(a), but, in each case, deeming all references therein to the date, time or effect of a Borrowing (or an issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit) to refer to the date, time and effect of such Extension) and the 89 Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower and (B) the Administrative Agent shall have received, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, documents consistent with those delivered pursuant to Sections 4.01(b) and 4.01(c) as to the corporate power and authority of the Borrower to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such Extension. The Commitment of each Non-Extending Lender shall terminate on the Existing Maturity Date, and the principal amount of any outstanding Loans made by such Non-Extending Lender, together with any accrued interest thereon, and any accrued fees and other amounts payable to or for the account of such Non-Extending Lender hereunder, shall be due and payable on the Existing Maturity Date and on the Existing Maturity Date the Borrower shall also make such other prepayments of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b) as shall be required in order that, after giving effect to the termination of the Commitments of, and all payments to, Non-Extending Lenders pursuant to this sentence, (x) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure would not exceed the Aggregate Commitments and (y) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed its Commitment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Availability Period and the Maturity Date (without taking into consideration any Extension pursuant to this Section), as such terms are used in reference to any Issuing Bank or any Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Banks, may not be extended without the prior written consent of such Issuing Bank, it being understood and agreed that, in the event any Issuing Bank shall not have consented to any such extension, (A) such Issuing Bank shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank hereunder through the applicable Existing Maturity Date (or the Availability Period determined on the basis thereof, as applicable), and thereafter shall have no obligation to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit (but shall, in each case, continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.06, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03 as to Letters of Credit issued prior to such time), and (B) the Borrower shall cause the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank to be zero no later than the applicable Existing Maturity Date. ARTICLE 3 R EPRESENTATIONS AND W ARRANTIES The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: Section 3.01. Organization; Powers . Each of the Borrower and the Material Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and (to the extent the concept is applicable in such jurisdiction) in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization (except, in the case of Subsidiaries, where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect), has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and (to the extent the concept is applicable in such jurisdiction) is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. Section 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability . The Transactions to be entered into by the Borrower are within the Borrower’s corporate or other organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational and, if required, stockholder or other equityholder action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes (assuming due execution by the parties hereto other than the Borrower 90 and the Subsidiaries), and each other Loan Document to which the Borrower is or is to be a party, when executed and delivered by the Borrower, will constitute (assuming due execution by the parties thereto other than the Borrower and the Subsidiaries), a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors’ rights or remedies generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts . The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with or any other action by any Governmental Authority, except those that have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect or those the failure to obtain which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate the charter, by-laws, constitution, articles and/or memorandum of association or other organizational documents of the Borrower, (c) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or any order of any Governmental Authority, except where any such violation would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (d) will not violate or result (alone or with notice or lapse of time, or both) in a default under any indenture, or other agreement or instrument binding upon the Borrower or its assets, or require any payment to be made by the Borrower thereunder, except where any such violation would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (e) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of the Material Subsidiaries (other than any Liens permitted by Section 6.02). Section 3.04. Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Change . (a) The Borrower has furnished to the Lenders (i) its audited consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, changes in stockholders’ equity and comprehensive income as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and (ii) its unaudited consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, changes in stockholders’ equity and comprehensive income as of and for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP (subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly reports, to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments). (b) There has not occurred since December 31, 2023, any event, condition or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, assets or financial condition of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Section 3.05. [Reserved] . Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters . (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in 91 writing against or affecting the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters). (b) Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received written notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis reasonably likely to result in any Environmental Liability. Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property (including Environmental Laws), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.08. Investment Company Status . The Borrower is not an “investment company” as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. Section 3.09. Taxes . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.10. ERISA . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Effective Date, the excess of the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on assumptions used for purposes of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715), if any, over the fair market value of the assets of such Plan, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.11. Disclosure . (a) As of the Effective Date, none of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other written factual information (other than information of a general economic or industry specific nature) furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or delivered hereunder or thereunder, in each case, on or prior to the Effective Date, when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading as of the date furnished; provided that, with respect to projected financial information and other forward-looking information, the Borrower 92 represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. (b) As of the Effective Date, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects. Section 3.12. [Reserved] . Section 3.13. Margin Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loan and no Letter of Credit have been or will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board of Governors, including Regulations T, U and X. Section 3.14. [Reserved] . Section 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Borrower maintains and will maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to result in compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, their respective officers, employees, directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing, issuance of a Letter of Credit or use of the proceeds of any Borrowing or any Letter of Credit will result in a violation by any party hereto of the PATRIOT Act, Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. ARTICLE 4 C ONDITIONS Section 4.01. Effective Date . The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions shall be satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02): (a) The Administrative Agent shall have signed this Agreement and shall have received from each other Person that is to be a party thereto on the Effective Date a counterpart signed by such Person (which, subject to Section 9.06(b), may include Electronic Signatures transmitted by emailed pdf or any other electronic means (including DocuSign, AdobeSign or other comparable service) that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page of such Loan Document) of this Agreement. (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks and dated the 93 Effective Date) of Proskauer Rose LLP, counsel for the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received, in respect of the Borrower, a certificate of the Borrower, dated the Effective Date and executed by a secretary, an assistant secretary or other Authorized Officer of the Borrower, attaching and certifying (i) a copy of the articles or certificate of incorporation, formation or organization or other comparable organizational document of the Borrower, which shall be certified by the appropriate Governmental Authority, (ii) a copy of the bylaws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement of the Borrower, as applicable, together with all amendments thereto as of the Effective Date, (iii) signature and incumbency certificates of the officers of, or other authorized persons acting on behalf of, the Borrower executing each Loan Document, (iv) resolutions or written consent, as applicable, of the board of directors or similar governing body of the Borrower approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (v) a good standing certificate (or equivalent) from the applicable Governmental Authority of the Borrower’s jurisdiction of organization, dated the Effective Date or a recent date prior thereto, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, certifying that (i) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty under the Loan Documents already qualified as to materiality, in all respects) on and as of the Effective Date (except in the case of any such representation and warranty that expressly relates to a prior date, in which case such representation and warranty shall only be certified to be so true and correct in all material respects on and as of such prior date) and (ii) on the Effective Date, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. (e) Prior to, or substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of this Agreement, the commitments under the Existing Credit Agreement shall have been terminated, the loans, interest, fees and all other amounts (other than contingent obligations not then due and payable) outstanding or accrued thereunder shall have been paid in full, all letters of credit outstanding thereunder (other than any such letter of credit that is an Existing Letter of Credit) shall have been terminated, cash collateralized or backstopped and all Liens and Guarantees created in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement shall have been terminated and released and the aggregate principal amount of borrowed money of the Borrower guaranteed by any subsidiary or secured by any liens on the assets of the Borrower or its subsidiaries shall not exceed the amounts permitted under Section 6.01. (f) The Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable by the Borrower on or prior to the Effective Date pursuant to this Agreement or any commitment letter or fee letter entered into in connection herewith, including, to the extent invoiced at least three (3) Business Days before the Effective Date, payment or reimbursement of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses so required to be paid or reimbursed by the Borrower. 94 (g) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least three Business Days prior to the Effective Date, (i) all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities with respect to the Borrower under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act, and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a “legal entity customer” under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower, in each case, that has been reasonably requested by any Lender in writing at least 10 Business Days prior to the Effective Date. (h) All governmental and third party approvals necessary in connection with the financing contemplated hereby and the continuing operations of the Borrower and its subsidiaries shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect. (i) The Lenders shall have received the financial statements set forth in Section 3.04. (j) The Borrower shall have received and have in effect Ratings from at least two of S&P, Moody’s, and Fitch as follows: (a) as to S&P, a Rating of BBB- or better (with stable outlook or better), (b) as to Moody’s, a Rating of Baa3 or better (with stable outlook or better) and (c) as to Fitch, a Rating of BBB- or better (with stable outlook or better). The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. Section 4.02. Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing (other than any conversion or continuation of a Loan), of any Swingline Lender to make a Swingline Loan and of each Issuing Bank to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to receipt of the request therefor in accordance herewith and to the satisfaction of the following conditions: (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the Loan Documents (other than, after the Effective Date, the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 3.04(b) and 3.06 hereof) shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty under the Loan Documents already qualified as to materiality, in all respects) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable (except in the case of any such representation and warranty that expressly relates to a prior date, in which case such representation and warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty already qualified as to materiality, in all respects) on and as of such prior date). (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. Each Borrowing (other than any conversion or continuation of a Loan) and each issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof that the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 4.02 have been satisfied. 95 ARTICLE 5 A FFIRMATIVE C OVENANTS Until the Termination Date, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of each Lender: (a) (i) so long as the Borrower is subject to periodic reporting obligations under the Exchange Act, within five Business Days of each date the Borrower is required to file with the SEC an Annual Report on Form 10-K for any fiscal year of the Borrower (giving effect to any extension of such date available under paragraph (b) of Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act), and (ii) otherwise, within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related audited consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity, comprehensive income and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all audited by and accompanied by the opinion of a registered independent public accounting firm of recognized national standing (without a “going concern” or like qualification or exception (other than any qualification, that is expressly solely with respect to, or expressly resulting solely from, an upcoming maturity date under any Indebtedness), and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the end of and for such fiscal year in accordance with GAAP; (b) (i) so long as the Borrower is subject to periodic reporting obligations under the Exchange Act, within five Business Days of each date the Borrower is required to file with the SEC a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for any fiscal quarter of the Borrower (giving effect to any extension of such date available under paragraph (b) of Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act), and (ii) otherwise, within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of the Borrower, its consolidated balance sheet and related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity, comprehensive income and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; (c) concurrently with each delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth a reasonably detailed calculation of the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recent fiscal year or fiscal quarter, as applicable, covered by such financial statements and (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 96 that has had a material effect thereon and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate; (d) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; (e) promptly after any request therefor by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k)(1) of ERISA that the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates has requested and received pursuant to Section 101(k)(1) of ERISA with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (ii) any notices described in Section 101(l)(1) of ERISA that the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates has requested and received pursuant to Section 101(l)(1) of ERISA with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided that, if the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, the Borrower or the applicable ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents and notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof; and (f) (i) promptly after any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, as the Administrative Agent (on its own behalf or at the request of any Lender) may reasonably request and (ii) promptly after any request therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in writing to the extent necessary for compliance with applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 shall be deemed to have been delivered if such information (including, in the case of certifications required pursuant to clause (b) above, the certifications accompanying any such quarterly report pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), or one or more annual or quarterly reports containing such information, shall have been posted by the Administrative Agent on an Approved Electronic Platform or a similar site to which the Lenders have been granted access or shall be publicly available on the website of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 may also be delivered by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent. In the event any financial statements delivered under clause (a) or (b) above shall be restated, the Borrower shall deliver, promptly after such restated financial statements become available, revised completed certificates of a Financial Officer referred to in clause (c) above with respect to the periods covered thereby that give effect to such restatement. Section 5.02. Notices of Material Events . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice of the following: 97 (a) the occurrence of any Default; (b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary that would reasonably be expected to be adversely determined and, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. Section 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names material to the conduct of its business except (other than as to the legal existence of the Borrower) where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, sale, transfer, lease, disposition, liquidation or dissolution not prohibited by Sections 6.04 and 6.05. Section 5.04. Payment of Tax Liabilities . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, pay its Tax liabilities that, if not paid, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP. Section 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations; provided that the Borrower and the Subsidiaries may (i) self-insure against such risks and in amounts as are usually self-insured by similar companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations and (ii) elect not to carry terrorism insurance. Section 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Material Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record that permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Borrower materially in accordance with GAAP. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its 98 properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested (but no more than once annually if no Event of Default exists); provided that, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no representative designated by a Lender may conduct any such visit, inspection, examination, extraction or discussion unless such representative is accompanied by a representative designated by the Administrative Agent. Section 5.07. Compliance with Laws . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property (including Environmental Laws), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 5.08. Use of Proceeds . The Borrower will use Letters of Credit, Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans for working capital and for other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or use any Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or any Letter of Credit (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. ARTICLE 6 N EGATIVE C OVENANTS Until the Termination Date, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: Section 6.01. Indebtedness . The Borrower will not permit any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, other than: (a) Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date that either is set forth on Schedule 6.01 or has a committed or principal amount of not greater than $10,000,000 individually or $25,000,000 in the aggregate, and any renewals, extensions or refinancings thereof, provided that the principal amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such renewal, extension or refinancing thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such renewal, extension or refinancing; (b) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary owed to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, provided that such Indebtedness shall not have been transferred to any Person other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary; (c) Guarantees by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of any other Subsidiary; provided , that a Subsidiary shall not Guarantee any Indebtedness of any other Subsidiary that it would not have been permitted to incur under this Section if it were a primary obligor thereon; 99 (d) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary (i) incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations, provided that such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets, or (ii) assumed in connection with the acquisition of any fixed or capital assets, and, in each case, any renewals, extensions or refinancings thereof, provided that the principal amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such renewal, extension or refinancing thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such renewal, extension or refinancing; (e) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Subsidiary that is merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted hereunder) after the Effective Date, or Indebtedness of any Person that is assumed by any Subsidiary in connection with an acquisition of assets by such Subsidiary in an Acquisition permitted hereunder, provided that such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary (or is so merged, amalgamated or consolidated) or such assets are acquired and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary (or such merger, amalgamation or consolidation) or such assets being acquired, and any renewals, extensions and refinancings thereof, provided that the principal amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such renewal, extension or refinancing thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such renewal, extension or refinancing; (f) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees and similar instruments issued for the account of any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business supporting obligations under (i) workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws, (ii) bids, trade contracts, leases (other than Capital Lease Obligations), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and obligations of a like nature and (iii) other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness; (g) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and otherwise arising from treasury, depository and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearing-house transfers of funds, overdraft or any similar services, in each case in the ordinary course of business; (h) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to officers, directors and employees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary incurred in the ordinary course of business; (i) Indebtedness consisting of promissory notes issued to current or former officers, directors and employees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or their respective estates, spouses or former spouses issued in exchange for the purchase or redemption by the Borrower or such Subsidiary of its Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests); (j) Indebtedness in the form of purchase price adjustments and earn-outs incurred in connection with any Acquisition or joint venture investment not prohibited hereunder; 100 (k) Capital Lease Obligations incurred in connection with any Sale/Leaseback Transaction permitted by Section 6.04 (other than clause (d) thereof); (l) Indebtedness owing to any insurance company in connection with the financing of insurance premiums permitted by such insurance company in the ordinary course of business; and (m) other Indebtedness, provided that at the time of and after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of any such Indebtedness and the application of the proceeds thereof, the sum, without duplication, of (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (m), (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted by Section 6.02(k) and (iii) the Attributable Debt in respect of all outstanding Sale/Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.04(d) does not exceed the greater of (i) 15% of Consolidated Total Assets and (ii) $1,000,000,000. Section 6.02. Liens . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except: (a) Permitted Encumbrances; (b) any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the Effective Date and that either is set forth on Schedule 6.02 or encumbers property or assets with a fair market value, and securing obligations having a committed or principal amount, in each case, of not greater than $10,000,000 individually or $25,000,000 in the aggregate; provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than improvements or accessions thereto and the proceeds thereof) and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations that it secures on the Effective Date and extensions, renewals and refinancings thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, renewal or refinancing; (c) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary securing Indebtedness, including Capital Lease Obligations, or other obligations incurred to finance such acquisition, construction or improvement and extensions, renewals and refinancings thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, renewal or refinancing, provided that (i) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and (iii) such Liens shall not apply to any other assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than improvements or accessions thereto and the proceeds thereof), provided further that individual financings of equipment or other fixed or capital assets otherwise permitted to be secured hereunder provided by any Person (or its Affiliates) may be cross-collateralized to other such financings provided by such Person (or its Affiliates); 101 (d) any Lien on any asset acquired by the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the Effective Date existing at the time of the acquisition thereof or existing on any asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Subsidiary that is merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted hereunder) after the Effective Date and prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary (or is so merged, amalgamated or consolidated), provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary (or such merger, amalgamation or consolidation), as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than improvements or accessions thereto and the proceeds thereof) and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations that it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary (or is so merged, amalgamated or consolidated), as the case may be, and extensions, renewals and refinancings thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, renewal or refinancing; (e) in connection with the sale or transfer of any Equity Interests or other assets in a transaction permitted under Section 6.03, customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof; (f) in the case of (i) any Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary or (ii) the Equity Interests in any Person that is not a Subsidiary, any encumbrance or restriction, including any put and call arrangements, related to Equity Interests in such Subsidiary or such other Person set forth in the organizational documents of such Subsidiary or such other Person or any related joint venture, shareholders’ or similar agreement; (g) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits, escrow arrangements or similar arrangements made by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement for an Acquisition or other transaction permitted hereunder; (h) Liens deemed to secure Capital Lease Obligations incurred in connection with any Sale/Leaseback Transaction permitted by Section 6.04 (other than clause (d) thereof); (i) deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure obligations to insurance carriers providing casualty, liability or other insurance to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; (j) Liens on the net cash proceeds of any Acquisition Indebtedness held in escrow by a third party escrow agent prior to the release thereof from escrow; and (k) other Liens, provided that at the time of and after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of any such Lien (or any Indebtedness secured thereby and the application of the proceeds thereof), the sum, without duplication, of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted by this clause (k), (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries permitted by Section 6.01(m) and (iii) the Attributable Debt in respect of all outstanding Sale/Leaseback Transactions permitted by 102 Section 6.04(d) does not exceed the greater of (i) 15% of Consolidated Total Assets and (ii) $1,000,000,000. Section 6.03. Fundamental Changes. (a) The Borrower will not amalgamate with, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to amalgamate with, merge into or consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, or sell, transfer, lease, or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of related transactions) all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole to another Person, except that if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (A) any Person may amalgamate, merge or consolidate with the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving entity and (B) the Borrower may amalgamate, merge or consolidate with any Person in a transaction in which such Person is the surviving entity, provided that (1) such Person is organized under the laws of a state of the United States of America, (2) prior to or substantially concurrently with the consummation of such amalgamation, merger or consolidation, (x) such Person shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an assumption agreement (the “ Assumption Agreement ”), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such Person shall assume all of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (y) such Person shall deliver to the Administrative Agent such documents, certificates and opinions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request relating to such Person, such amalgamation, merger or consolidation or the Assumption Agreement, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (3) the Lenders shall have received, at least five Business Days prior to the date of the consummation of such amalgamation, merger or consolidation, (x) all documentation and other information regarding such Person required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, that has been reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender and (y) to the extent such Person qualifies as a “legal entity customer” under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Person, it being agreed that upon the execution and delivery to the Administrative Agent of the Assumption Agreement and the satisfaction of the other conditions set forth in this clause (B), such Person shall succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all obligations in respect of outstanding Loans) and shall thenceforth, for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (but subject to Section 9.19), be the “Borrower”. (b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of, directly or through any amalgamation, merger or consolidation and whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions, assets (including Equity Interests in Subsidiaries) representing all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (whether now owned or hereafter acquired), taken as a whole. (c) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, engage to any material extent in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on the Effective Date and businesses that are extensions thereof or otherwise incidental, complementary, synergistic, reasonably related or ancillary thereto. 103 Section 6.04. Limitation on Sale/Leaseback Transactions . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to enter into any Sale/Leaseback Transaction, unless: (a) such Sale/Leaseback Transaction was entered into prior to the Effective Date; (b) such Sale/Leaseback Transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Borrower or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries of any property by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (c) such Sale/Leaseback Transaction involves a lease for not more than five years (or which may be terminated by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries within a period of not more than five years); (d) at the time of and after giving pro forma effect to any such Sale/Leaseback Transaction, the sum, without duplication, of (i) the Attributable Debt in respect of all outstanding Sale/Leaseback Transactions permitted under this clause (d), (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries permitted by Section 6.01(m) and (iii) the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted by Section 6.02(k) does not exceed the greater of (i) 15% of Consolidated Total Assets and (ii) $1,000,000,000; or (e) the Borrower applies, within 365 days before or after the effective date of any such Sale/Leaseback Transaction, an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the property sold or otherwise transferred pursuant to such Sale/Leaseback Transaction to the purchase of other property used or useful in the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or to the repayment of any Loans (with a concomitant termination of the Commitments) or the retirement of any other long-term Indebtedness. Section 6.05. Leverage Ratio . The Borrower will not permit, as of the last day of any Test Period, commencing with the Test Period ending on December 31, 2024, the Leverage Ratio to exceed 3.50 to 1.00. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, in the event that the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall consummate a Qualified Material Acquisition, the Borrower may, by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent (which shall furnish a copy thereof to each Lender) at any time prior to the date that is 30 days following the consummation of such Qualified Material Acquisition, increase the maximum Leverage Ratio permitted under this Section to 4.00 to 1.00 with respect to the Test Period ending with the fiscal quarter of the Borrower in which such Qualified Material Acquisition is consummated and the Test Periods ending with the three subsequent consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower; provided that the Borrower may not deliver such notice to the Administrative Agent unless, as of the end of at least two consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower immediately preceding such notice, the Borrower has maintained a Leverage Ratio of not more than 3.50 to 1.00. 104 ARTICLE 7 E VENTS OF D EFAULT Section 7.01. Events of Default . If any of the following events (“ Events of Default ”) shall occur: (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise; (b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee payable hereunder (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Section) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five Business Days; (c) any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in or in connection with any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made; (d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a) or 5.03 (with respect to the Borrower’s existence) or in Article VI; (e) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Section), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender); (f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable (after giving effect to any grace period applicable thereto); (g) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, but after giving effect to any grace period applicable thereto) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf or, in the case of any Swap Agreement, the applicable counterparty, to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity or, in the case of any Swap Agreement, to cause the termination thereof, it being understood and agreed that an Event of Default under this clause (g) (and any Default arising from such an Event of Default) shall cease to exist or to be continuing (but that such cessation shall not affect any prior exercise by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or the Issuing Banks of any of their rights set forth herein in respect of such Event of Default (or such Default) while 105 it continued, including that such cessation shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of (or the obligations of the Borrower arising from) any prior exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders of their rights referred to in clauses (i) through (iii) set forth at the end of this Article VII) (I) if such event or condition shall have been (x) cured by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or (y) waived by the holder, holders, trustee, agent, counterparty, purchasers or lenders, as the case may be, in accordance with the terms of such Material Indebtedness, in each case under this clause (I), prior to such Material Indebtedness having become due prior to its scheduled maturity or having been required to be prepaid, repurchased, redeemed or defeased prior to its scheduled maturity or, in the case of any such Swap Agreement, prior to the termination thereof and, after giving effect to such cure or such waiver, the applicable holder, holders, trustee, agent, counterparty, purchasers or lenders, as the case may be, cease to have the rights referred to above with respect to such Material Indebtedness or (II) if such Material Indebtedness is repaid, repurchased, redeemed or otherwise discharged, in each case under this clause (II), in full promptly after a Financial Officer of the Borrower becomes aware of the occurrence of such event or condition; provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to (i) secured Indebtedness that becomes due (or which the applicable counterparties may cause to become due or require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof) as a result of the voluntary sale, disposition or transfer of, or any casualty or condemnation event with respect to, any assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (ii) any Indebtedness that becomes due (or which the applicable counterparties may cause to become due or require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof) as a result of a voluntary prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, or any refinancing thereof, permitted under this Agreement, (iii) any requirement to, or to offer to, prepay, repurchase or redeem any Indebtedness using a portion of excess cash flow or similar financial measure, (iv) any customary debt and equity proceeds prepayment requirements contained in any bridge or other interim credit facility, (v) any Indebtedness of any Person assumed in connection with an Acquisition to the extent that such Indebtedness is repaid, repurchased or redeemed (or offered to be repaid, repurchased or redeemed) as required by the terms thereof in connection with the acquisition of such Person, (vi) any conversion of Permitted Convertible Notes or the occurrence of any event or satisfaction of any condition that permits such conversion or (vii) any Acquisition Indebtedness that becomes due (or which the applicable counterparties may cause to become due or require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof) as a result of the related Acquisition not being consummated; (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization (including by way of scheme of arrangement), judicial management or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, judicial manager or similar official for the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; (i) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization (including by way of voluntary arrangement or scheme of arrangement) or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign 106 bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, judicial management or similar law now or hereafter in effect (other than any liquidation or dissolution of a Material Subsidiary permitted under Section 6.03), (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Section, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, judicial manager or similar official for the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets (other than in connection with any liquidation or dissolution of a Material Subsidiary permitted under Section 6.03), (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any corporate action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; (j) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; (k) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of US$250,000,000 (to the extent not covered by insurance) shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Material Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 60 consecutive days from the date on which payment of such judgment is due during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; (l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (m) Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations that survive the termination of this Agreement), ceases to be in full force and effect; or the Borrower contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or the Borrower denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document (other than as a result of repayment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments), or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder; or (n) a Change of Control shall occur; then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Section), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may with the consent of, and shall at the request of, the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued 107 hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, and (iii) require the deposit of cash collateral in respect of LC Exposure as provided in Section 2.06(j), in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Section, the Commitments shall immediately and automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall immediately and automatically become due and payable, and the deposit of cash collateral in respect of LC Exposure as provided in Section 2.06(j) shall immediately and automatically be required, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. ARTICLE 8 T HE A DMINISTRATIVE A GENT Section 8.01. Authorization and Action . Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as the Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement, and its successors in such capacity, to serve as the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. Any Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender or an Issuing Bank as any other Lender or Issuing Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial adviser or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks. The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, and in performing its function and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its function and duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent does not assume, and shall not be deemed to have assumed, any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, any Issuing Bank or other Person, other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term “agent” (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that 108 such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties), and each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or to exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion, could expose it to liability or be contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof that is communicated to or obtained by it or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by them with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02) or in the absence of their own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed for purposes of this Article VIII unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment). The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a “notice of default”) is given to it by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuing Bank, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered under any Loan Document or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the sufficiency, value, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not have any liability arising from, or be responsible for any loss, cost or expense suffered by any Lender or any Issuing Bank as a result of, (A) any determination of any Revolving Credit Exposure or the component amounts thereof, (B) any determination of the Exchange Rate, the LC Exchange Rate or the US Dollar Equivalent, (C) any determination of the Foreign Currency Overnight Rate, the Central Bank Rate or the Central Bank Rate Adjustment, (D) any determination that any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, or the effective date of such status, it being further understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall not have any obligation to determine whether any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (E) [reserved] and (F) any determination of the subordination terms as contemplated by the definition of the term “Material Subsidiary”. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, 109 the Borrower, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks acknowledge and agree that (x) the Administrative Agent shall not have any responsibility, obligation or duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Lenders, including to make any determinations as to whether any Lender or potential Lender is a Disqualified Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall have no liability with respect to any assignment or participation made by a Lender to a Disqualified Lender, disclosure of information to any Disqualified Lender or the restrictions on any exercise of rights or remedies of any Disqualified Lender and (y)(I) the Administrative Agent will be permitted to (and upon the request of such Lender or Issuing Bank shall) make the list of Disqualified Lenders available to any Lender or Issuing Bank and (II) the list of Disqualified Lenders shall be permitted to be disclosed to any prospective assignee or participant, in each case of the foregoing clauses (I) and (II), that specifically requests a copy thereof and subject to the provisions of Section 9.12. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its functions or duties under the Loan Documents or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for acting or not acting upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person (including, if applicable, a Financial Officer). The Administrative Agent also may rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for acting or not acting upon, any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person (including, if applicable, a Financial Officer), and may act upon any such statement prior to receipt of written confirmation thereof. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such Issuing Bank unless it shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance to the making of such Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. The Administrative Agent may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04 and may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(c). The Administrative Agent may perform any of and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence 110 or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that it acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. Subject to the terms of this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time from its capacity as such. In connection with such resignation, the retiring Administrative Agent shall give notice of its intent to resign to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (h) or (i) shall have occurred and be continuing, to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign (the “Resignation Effective Date”), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but is not obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. Whether or not a successor Administrative Agent shall have been appointed, the retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation shall become effective on the Resignation Effective Date, whereupon, (a) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and (b) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, provided that (i) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the retiring Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the retiring Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (ii) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the retiring Administrative Agent shall also directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. After the Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as the Administrative Agent. In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to the Borrower under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any LC Disbursement shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 111 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Exposure and all other obligations under the Loan Documents that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing Bank, or to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. Each Lender and Issuing Bank acknowledges and agrees that the extensions of credit made hereunder are commercial loans and letters of credit and not investments in a business enterprise or securities. Each Lender and Issuing Bank further represents that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and letters of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Each Lender and Issuing Bank, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption, an Incremental Agreement or an Issuing Bank Agreement pursuant to which it shall become a Lender or an Issuing Bank, as the case may be, hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on or prior to the Effective Date. Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby agrees that (a) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or Issuing Bank that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender or Issuing Bank from the Administrative Agent or any of 112 its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a “ Payment ”) were erroneously transmitted to such Lender or such Issuing Bank (whether or not known to such Lender or Issuing Bank) (any such Payment or any Payment identified as an Erroneous Payment in the immediately following paragraph, an “ Erroneous Payment ”), and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at (i) if denominated in US Dollars, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect and (ii) if denominated in any Alternative Currency, the greater of the Foreign Currency Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (b) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments received, including any defense based on “discharge for value” or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Issuing Bank under this paragraph shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (a) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a “ Payment Notice ”) or (b) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment and that such Payment is, accordingly, an Erroneous Payment. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error (and, accordingly, that such Payment (or portion thereof) is an Erroneous Payment), such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at (i) if denominated in US Dollars, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect and (ii) if denominated in any Alternative Currency, the greater of the Foreign Currency Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. The Borrower hereby agrees that (a) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender or Issuing Bank that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all 113 the rights of such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, with respect to such amount and (b) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower; provided that this paragraph shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made; provided , further , that for the avoidance of doubt, the immediately preceding clauses (a) and (b) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower for the purpose of making any payment hereunder that became subject to such Erroneous Payment. Each party’s obligations under the immediately preceding three paragraphs shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Arranger and no Person listed on the cover page of this Agreement as a “Co-Syndication Agent” or a “Co-Documentation Agent” shall have any duties or obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except in its capacity, as applicable, as a Lender or an Issuing Bank), but all such Persons shall have the benefit of the exculpatory provisions, expense reimbursement and indemnities to the extent provided for hereunder or in any other Loan Documents. Each Lender (a) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (b) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: (i) such Lender is not using “plan assets” (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement; (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; or 114 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a “Qualified Professional Asset Manager” (within the meaning of Section VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Section I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Section I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding paragraph is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding paragraph, such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender’s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). Section 8.02. Borrower Communications . (a) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agree that the Borrower may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Borrower Communications to the Administrative Agent through an electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the “ Approved Borrower Portal ”). (b) Although the Approved Borrower Portal and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system), each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of the Borrower that are added to the Approved Borrower Portal, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of Borrower Communications through the Approved Borrower Portal and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 115 (c) THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER COMMUNICATION, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND THE BORROWER COMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, “ APPLICABLE PARTIES ”) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE BORROWER, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWER’S TRANSMISSION OF BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL. “ Borrower Communications ” means, collectively, any Borrowing Request, Interest Election Request, notice of prepayment, notice requesting the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit or other notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent through an Approved Borrower Portal. (a) Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Borrower Communications on the Approved Borrower Portal in accordance with the Administrative Agent’s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. (b) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Borrower to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. ARTICLE 9 M ISCELLANEOUS Section 9.01. Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone or electronic communication (and subject to paragraph (b) of this Section), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be 116 delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by email, as follows: (i) if to the Borrower: AppLovin Corporation 1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, CA 94304 Attn: Matt Stumpf; Yusup Jorayev Emails: matt.stumpf@applovin.com; yusup.jorayev@applovin.com With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: Proskauer Rose LLP Eleven Times Square New York, NY 10036-8299 Attn: Ji Hye You; Andrew Bettwy Emails: JYou@proskauer.com; ABettwy@proskauer.com (ii) if to the Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 131 S Dearborn St, Floor 04 Chicago, IL, 60603-5506 Attention: Loan and Agency Servicing Email: jpm.agency.cri@jpmorgan.com Agency Withholding Tax Inquiries: Email: agency.tax.reporting@jpmorgan.com Agency Compliance/Financials/Intralinks: Email: covenant.compliance@jpmchase.com (iii) If to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as an Issuing Bank: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2 Suite IL1-0480 Chicago, IL, 60603-2300 Attention: LC Agency Team Tel: 800-364-1969 Fax: 856-294-5267 Email: chicago.lc.agency.activity.team@jpmchase.com With a copy to: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2 117 Suite IL1-0480 Chicago, IL, 60603-2300 Attention: Loan & Agency Services Group (iv) if to any other Issuing Bank, to it at the address (or email) most recently specified by it in a notice delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; (v) if to the Swingline Lender, at the address separately provided to the Borrower; and (vi) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or email) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received and notices delivered through email or other electronic communications as provided in paragraph (b) of this Section shall be effective as provided in such paragraph. (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished using any Approved Electronic Platform pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices under Article II to any Lender or Issuing Bank if such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article using an Approved Electronic Platform. Any notices or other communications to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may, in addition to email, be delivered or furnished by other electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the recipient thereof prior thereto; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited or rescinded by any such Person by notice to each other such Person. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an email address shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgement) and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Approved Electronic Platform shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its email address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. (c) Any party hereto may change its address, telephone number or email address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto (or, in the case of any change by a Lender or an Issuing Bank, by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). (d) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communication by posting such Communication on an Approved Electronic Platform. Any Approved Electronic Platform used by the Administrative Agent is provided “as 118 is” and “as available”. None of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties warrants, or shall be deemed to warrant, the adequacy of any Approved Electronic Platform and the Administrative Agent expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. None of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties is responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to any Approved Electronic Platform. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made, or shall be deemed to be made, by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties in connection with the Communications or any Approved Electronic Platform. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive Liabilities or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower’s or the Administrative Agent’s transmission of Communications through an Approved Electronic Platform, except to the extent that such direct (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive) Liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties. Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. (b) Except as set forth in paragraphs (c) and (d) of this Section, neither any Loan Document nor any provision thereof may be waived, amended or modified except, in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, or, in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, in each case with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender, or change the currency in which Loans are available thereunder, without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon (other 119 than as a result of any waiver of any increase in the interest rate applicable to any Loan or LC Disbursement pursuant to Section 2.13(d)), or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled maturity date of any Loan or the required date of reimbursement of any LC Disbursement, or any scheduled date for the payment of any interest or fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, or waive, amend or modify Section 7.01(a), without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.18(b) or 2.18(c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments or payment waterfall required thereby without the written consent of each Lender or (v) change any of the provisions of this Section or the percentage set forth in the definition of the term “Required Lenders” or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or obligations of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be. (c) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (b) of this Section to the contrary: (i) any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency so long as, in each case, the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days’ prior written notice thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment; (ii) no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of paragraph (b) of this Section and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification; (iii) any provision of this Agreement may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (and, if their rights or obligations are affected thereby, the Issuing Banks) and the Lenders that will remain parties hereto after giving effect to such amendment if (x) by the terms of such agreement the Commitment of each Lender not consenting to the amendment provided for therein shall terminate upon the effectiveness of such amendment, (y) at the time such amendment becomes effective, each Lender not consenting thereto receives payment in full of the principal of and interest accrued on each Loan made by it and all other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement and (z) after giving effect to such amendment and all contemporaneous repayments of Loans and reductions of Commitments, the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures shall not exceed the total Commitments; and 120 (iv) this Agreement may be amended in the manner provided in Sections 2.06(i), 2.09(d), 2.14(b) and 2.21 and the definitions of the terms “Issuing Bank”, “LC Commitments” and “Disqualified Lender”. (d) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (b) of this Section to the contrary, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended at any time and from time to time to add a currency or pricing option or to establish one or more additional classes of revolving credit commitments to be made available to the Borrower by an agreement in writing entered into by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Person (including any Lender) that shall agree to provide such currency, pricing option or commitment (but without the consent of any other Lender), and each such Person that shall not already be a Lender shall, at the time such agreement becomes effective, become a Lender with the same effect as if it had originally been a Lender under this Agreement with the commitment set forth in such agreement; provided that, immediately after giving effect to the effectiveness of any new commitments established pursuant to this paragraph, the sum of (x) the aggregate amount of the new commitments of all classes established pursuant to this paragraph and (y) the aggregate amount of the Commitments, in each case, then in effect shall not, without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders, exceed US$2,000,000,000. Any such agreement establishing any such new commitments shall amend the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to set forth the terms of each class of commitments established thereby (including the amount and final stated maturity thereof (which shall not be earlier than the Maturity Date), the interest to accrue and be payable thereon and any fees to be payable in respect thereof) and to effect such other changes (including changes to the provisions of this Section, Section 2.18 and the definition of “Required Lenders”) as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall deem necessary or advisable in connection with the establishment of any such class; provided that no such agreement shall: (A) effect any change described in any of clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (vi) of the first proviso of paragraph (b) of this Section without the consent of each Person required to consent to such change under such clause or (B) amend Article V, VI or VII to establish any affirmative or negative covenant, Event of Default or remedy that by its terms benefits one or more classes, but not all classes, of Loans or Borrowings, without the prior written consent of the Lenders holding a majority in interest of the Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments of each class not so benefited. The commitments established pursuant to this paragraph, and any loans or borrowings thereunder, shall be entitled to all the benefits afforded by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect thereto. (e) The Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, with the written concurrence of any Lender, execute amendments, waivers or other modifications on behalf of such Lender. Any amendment, waiver or other modification effected in accordance with this Section 9.02 shall be binding upon each Person that is at the time thereof a Lender and each Person that subsequently becomes a Lender. Any amendment, waiver or other modification to this Agreement or any other Loan Document effected in accordance with this Section will be binding on the Borrower whether or not the Borrower shall have consented thereto. Section 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Limitation of Liability . (a) The Borrower shall pay, or cause the applicable Subsidiary to pay, (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their Affiliates, 121 including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of counsel for the Administrative Agent and, if deemed reasonably necessary by the Administrative Agent, one firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction, in connection with the arrangement and the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof, (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of counsel (and, if deemed reasonably necessary by the Administrative Agent, one firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional firm of counsel (and, if reasonably necessary, one additional firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) to all such affected Persons, taken as a whole), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. (b) The Borrower shall indemnify, or cause the applicable Subsidiary to indemnify, the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Arrangers, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an “ Indemnitee ”), against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of counsel (and to the extent reasonably necessary, one firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction and one firm of regulatory counsel) for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict notifies the Borrower of the existence of such conflict, of another firm of counsel (and, if reasonably necessary, of another firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction and another firm of regulatory counsel) for such affected Indemnitee), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with or as a result of (i) the arrangement and the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto and regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a third party or by the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses (A) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of such Indemnitee, (B) are determined by a court of competent 122 jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from a material breach of this Agreement by such Indemnitee or (C) do not involve or arise from an act or omission by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Related Parties and is brought by an Indemnitee solely against one or more other Indemnitees (other than claims against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Documentation Agent, any Co-Syndication Agent or any other title holder, in its capacity as such or in its fulfilling such role). Each Indemnitee shall, where reasonable, give prompt notice to the Borrower of such Indemnitee becoming aware of any claim that may give rise to a claim by such Indemnitee under this paragraph and shall, where reasonable, use its commercially reasonable efforts to consult with the Borrower in the conduct of such Indemnitee’s legal defense of such claim; provided , however , than an Indemnitee’s failure to give such prompt notice to the Borrower or to seek such consultation with the Borrower to the extent required by this sentence shall not constitute a defense to any claim for indemnification by such Indemnitee under the Loan Documents and shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Section 9.03. (c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender’s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or such sub-agent) or such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in connection with such capacity. For purposes hereof, a Lender’s “pro rata share” shall be determined based upon its share of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at the time (or most recently outstanding and in effect). (d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, (i) the Borrower shall not assert, or permit any of their Affiliates or Related Parties to assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), any Arranger, any Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons, on any theory of liability, for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet and any Approved Electronic Platform) and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any Liabilities against any other party hereto or against, in the case of the Administrative Agent, any sub-agent thereof or any Related Party of the Administrative Agent or any sub-agent thereof, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this clause (ii) shall relieve the Borrower of any obligation it may have under the Loan Documents to indemnify an Indemnitee against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 123 (e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than 10 days after written demand therefor. Section 9.04. Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) except in accordance with Section 6.04(a), the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any of them without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and the Arrangers and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the sub-agents of the Administrative Agent and the Related Parties of any of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) of: (A) the Borrower; provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (h), or (i) has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee; provided further that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after having received written notice thereof; (B) the Administrative Agent; (C) each Issuing Bank; and (D) the Swingline Lender. (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than US$10,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents; 124 provided that (x) no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (y) the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after having received written notice thereof; (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement; (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption (or an agreement incorporating by reference a form of Assignment and Assumption posted on an Approved Electronic Platform), together with a processing and recordation fee of US$3,500; and (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain MNPI) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee’s compliance procedures and applicable law, including United States (Federal or State) and foreign securities laws. (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with, but subject to the requirements of, paragraph (c) of this Section. (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “ Register ”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the 125 terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. (v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption (or an agreement incorporating by reference a form of Assignment and Assumption posted on an Approved Electronic Platform) executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee’s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in this Section (unless expressly waived by the Administrative Agent) and any written consent to such assignment required by this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. (c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more Eligible Assignees (each, a “ Participant ”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement; provided that (A) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in clauses (i) through (vi) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that directly affects such Participant and requires the approval of all the Lenders or all the affected Lenders. Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section, the Borrower agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation and information required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the “ Participant Register ”); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in 126 registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. (ii) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 or 2.17 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower’s prior written consent. (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central banking authority, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. Section 9.05. Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Issuing Bank or any Lender or any Affiliate or Related Party of any of the foregoing may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any Loan Document is executed and delivered or any credit is extended thereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else to the contrary set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in the event that, in connection with the refinancing or repayment in full of the credit facility provided for herein, (a) any Letter of Credit issued by an Issuing Bank shall have been (i) cash collateralized in an amount equal to at least 102% of the LC Exposure attributable to such Letter of Credit pursuant to procedures and documentation reasonably acceptable to such Issuing Bank (it being understood and agreed that the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) (but with the cash collateral being deposited with the applicable Issuing Bank) are acceptable to each Issuing Bank) or (ii) backstopped by a letter of credit issued for the benefit of such Issuing Bank (in form reasonably acceptable to such Issuing Bank and issued by an issuing bank reasonably acceptable to such Issuing Bank) in an amount equal to at least 102% of the LC Exposure attributable to such Letter of Credit or (b) an Issuing Bank shall have otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent a written consent to the release of the Lenders from their obligations hereunder with respect to any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, then, in each case, from and after such time such Letter of Credit shall cease to be a “Letter of Credit” outstanding hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including for purposes of determining whether the Borrower are required to comply with Articles V and VI hereof, but excluding Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and any expense 127 reimbursement or indemnity provisions set forth in any other Loan Document that expressly survive the termination of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), and the Lenders shall be deemed to have no participations in such Letter of Credit, and no obligations with respect thereto, under Section 2.06(d) or 2.06(e). The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17, 2.18(b), 2.18(c), 9.03, 9.08, 9.09, 9.10, 9.15, 9.17 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. Section 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution . (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof, including the commitments of the Lenders and, if applicable, their Affiliates under any commitment letter entered into in connection with the credit facility established herein and any commitment advices submitted by them (but do not supersede any other provisions of any such commitment letter or any fee letter referred to therein (or any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank) that do not by the terms of such documents terminate upon the effectiveness of this Agreement). Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. (b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page (including any Electronic Signature) of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each, an “ Ancillary Document ”) by emailed pdf or any other electronic means (including DocuSign, AdobeSign or other comparable service) that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof or thereof. The words “execution”, “signed”, “signature”, “delivery” and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by emailed pdf or any other electronic means (including DocuSign, AdobeSign or other comparable service) that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided further , without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the 128 Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of the parties hereto hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, Electronic Signatures transmitted by emailed pdf or any other electronic means (including DocuSign, AdobeSign or other comparable service) that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (B) agrees that each other party hereto may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person’s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (C) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto, and (D) waives any claim against any other party hereto or any Related Party of any such Person for any Liabilities and expenses of any kind, on any theory of liability, arising solely from reliance by any party hereto on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by emailed pdf or any other electronic means (including DocuSign, AdobeSign or other comparable service) that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities and expenses of any kind, on any theory of liability, arising as a result of the failure of any such Person to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. Section 9.07. Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof, and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties hereto shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. Section 9.08. Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and Issuing Bank, and each Affiliate of any of the foregoing, is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) or other amounts at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or Issuing Bank, or by such an Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations then due of the 129 Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender or Issuing Bank, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Issuing Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement. The rights of each Lender and Issuing Bank, and each Affiliate of any of the foregoing, under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, Issuing Bank or Affiliate may have. Section 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process . (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. (b) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York sitting in New York County, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any suit, action or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and, subject to the final sentence of this paragraph, each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document brought by it or any of its Affiliates shall be brought, and shall be heard and determined, exclusively in such United States District Court or, if that court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, such Supreme Court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. (c) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. (d) Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. Section 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR 130 THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. Section 9.11. Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. Section 9.12. Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties and their respective accountants (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority, (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (and their respective advisors), other than, in each case, to a Disqualified Lender (or any advisor thereto) or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (and its advisors) to any swap, derivative or credit insurance transaction relating to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their respective obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower, (h) to the extent such Information (i) is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or an agreement described in clause (f) above or (j) below, (ii) is or becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or (iii) is independently developed by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, (i) to any credit insurance providers, (j) subject to confidentiality arrangements customary for such disclosure, to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or the Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein, (k) for purposes of establishing a “due diligence” or other similar defense or for purposes of protecting and enforcing the rights and remedies with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (l) to market data collectors, including league table providers, and other services providers to the lending industry, in each case, information of the type routinely provided to such service providers. For the purposes of this Section, “ Information ” means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to 131 have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.12 shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily disclosing or providing any Information within the scope of this confidentiality provision to any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organization (any such entity, a “ Regulatory Authority ”) to the extent that any such prohibition on disclosure set forth in this Section 9.12 shall be prohibited by the laws or regulations applicable to such Regulatory Authority. Section 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the “ Charges ”), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the “ Maximum Rate ”) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the NYFRB to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. Section 9.14. [Reserved] . Section 9.15. Conversion of Currencies . (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given. (b) The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of the obligations owing hereunder (the “ Applicable Creditor ”) shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the “ Judgment Currency ”) other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the “ Agreement Currency ”), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. 132 Section 9.16. Certain Notices . Each Lender and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the USA Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Section 9.17. No Fiduciary Relationship . The Borrower, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, agrees that in connection with all aspects of the transactions contemplated hereby and any communications in connection therewith, the Borrower, the Subsidiaries and their Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and their Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or their Affiliates, and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications. The Borrower, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, acknowledges that the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Lender and each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Borrower, the Subsidiaries, their equityholders and/or their Affiliates. The Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and their Affiliates may be engaged, for their own accounts or the accounts of customers, in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or their Affiliates has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, agrees that it will not assert any claims against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and their Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with this Agreement or any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. Section 9.18. Non-Public Information . Each Lender and Issuing Bank acknowledges that all information furnished to it pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document by or on behalf of the Borrower and relating to the Borrower, the Subsidiaries or their respective businesses may include MNPI, and confirms that it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of MNPI and that it will handle MNPI in accordance with such procedures and applicable law, including Federal, state and foreign securities laws. All such information, including requests for waivers and amendments, furnished by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent pursuant to, or in the course of administering, this Agreement will be syndicate-level information, which may contain MNPI. Accordingly, each Lender and Issuing Bank represents to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that it has identified in its Administrative Questionnaire a credit contact who may receive information that may contain MNPI in accordance with its compliance procedures and applicable law, including Federal, state and foreign securities laws. Section 9.19. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other 133 agreement, arrangement or understanding among or between any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable, (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancelation of any such liability, (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. Section 9.20. Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs . (a) To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support “ QFC Credit Support ” and each such QFC a “ Supported QFC ”), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the “ US Special Resolution Regimes ”) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States). (b) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a “ Covered Party ”) becomes subject to a proceeding under a US Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the US Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a US Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the US Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that 134 rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. [Signature Pages Follow] 135 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first above written. APPLOVIN CORPORATION By: /s/ Matt Stumpf Name: Matt Stumpf Title: Chief Financial Officer 136 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender, a Swingline Lender, an Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent By: /s/ Peter Christensen Name: Peter Christensen Title: Executive Director 137 Bank of America, N.A. , as a Lender and an Issuing Bank By: /s/ Haley Heslip Name: Haley Heslip Title: Director 138 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. , as a Lender and an Issuing Bank By: /s/ Michael King Name: Michael King Title: Vice President MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A. , as a Lender By: /s/ Michael King Name: Michael King Title: Vice President 139 CITIBANK, N.A. , as a Lender and an Issuing Bank By: /s/ Daniel Boselli Name: Daniel Boselli Title: Vice President 140 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA , as a Lender and an Issuing Bank By: /s/ Dan Starr Name: Dan Starr Title: Authorized Signatory 141 BNP PARIBAS , as a Lender By: /s/ George Ko Name: George Ko Title: Director By: /s/ My-Linh Yoshike Name: My-Linh Yoshike Title: Vice President 142 MUFG Bank, Ltd. , as a Lender By: /s/ Lillian Kim Name: Lillian Kim Title: Authorized Signatory 143 The Bank of Nova Scotia , as a Lender By: /s/ Luke Copley Name: Luke Copley Title: Managing Director [Signature Page to Credit Agreement]
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information link:calculationLink link:presentationLink link:definitionLink
Cover [Abstract] Cover [Abstract] Entity Registrant Name Entity Registrant Name Amendment Flag Amendment Flag Entity Central Index Key Entity Central Index Key Document Type Document Type Document Period End Date Document Period End Date Entity Incorporation State Country Code Entity Incorporation State Country Code Entity File Number Entity File Number Entity Tax Identification Number Entity Tax Identification Number Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Address, Address Line One Entity Address, City or Town Entity Address, City or Town Entity Address, State or Province Entity Address, State or Province Entity Address, Postal Zip Code Entity Address, Postal Zip Code City Area Code City Area Code Local Phone Number Local Phone Number Written Communications Written Communications Soliciting Material Soliciting Material Pre Commencement Tender Offer Pre Commencement Tender Offer Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer Security 12b Title Security 12b Title Trading Symbol Trading Symbol Security Exchange Name Security Exchange Name Entity Emerging Growth Company Entity Emerging Growth Company
begin 644 g896321g1205004000168.jpg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end
begin 644 g896321g1205004000374.jpg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end
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v3.24.3 Document and Entity Information Dec. 05, 2024 Cover [Abstract] Entity Registrant Name AppLovin Corp Amendment Flag false Entity Central Index Key 0001751008 Document Type 8-K Document Period End Date Dec. 05, 2024 Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE Entity File Number 001-40325 Entity Tax Identification Number 45-3264542 Entity Address, Address Line One 1100 Page Mill Road Entity Address, City or Town Palo Alto Entity Address, State or Province CA Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94304 City Area Code (800) Local Phone Number 839-9646 Written Communications false Soliciting Material false Pre Commencement Tender Offer false Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false Security 12b Title Class A common stock, par value $0.00003 per share Trading Symbol APP Security Exchange Name NASDAQ Entity Emerging Growth Company false X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Area code of city + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CityAreaCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Cover page. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CoverAbstract Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1 Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the City or Town + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Code for the postal or zip code + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the state or province. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFileNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2 + Details Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Local phone number for entity. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 13e -Subsection 4c + Details Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 14d -Subsection 2b + Details Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Title of a 12(b) registered security. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b + Details Name: dei_Security12bTitle Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection d1-1 + Details Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Section 14a -Number 240 -Subsection 12 + Details Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_TradingSymbol Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Securities Act -Number 230 -Section 425 + Details Name: dei_WrittenCommunications Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx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end
// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105. var Show={};Show.LastAR=null,Show.showAR=function(a,r,w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0); e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}} if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d,p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'} e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}
/* Updated 2009-11-04 */ /* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */ ..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute; } ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold; } ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px; } ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right; } ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497; } ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px; } ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em; } /* Report Styles */ ..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none; } /* table */ ..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em; } ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf; } /* Top labels */ ..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; } ..report th.void { background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left; } ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */ } ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden; } ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px; } ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc; } /* Header rows... */ ..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; } /* Calendars... */ ..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0; } /* Even rows... */ ..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def; } ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } /* Odd rows... */ ..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white; } ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black; } /* styles for footnote marker */ ..report .fn { white-space: nowrap; } /* styles for numeric types */ ..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap; } ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em; } ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em; } /* styles for text types */ ..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal; } ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em; } ..report .text .more { display: none; } ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold; } ..report .text .small { width: 10em; } ..report sup { font-style: italic; } ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em; }
3.24.3 html 1 22 1 false 0 0 false 0 false false R1.htm 100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information Sheet http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation Document and Entity Information Cover 1 false false All Reports Book All Reports app-20241205.xsd app-20241205_lab.xml app-20241205_pre.xml d896321d8k.htm http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 true false
{ "version": "2.2", "instance": { "d896321d8k.htm": { "nsprefix": "app", "nsuri": "http://www.applovin.com/20241205", "dts": { "schema": { "local": [ "app-20241205.xsd" ], "remote": [ "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd", "http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd", "https://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2022-03-31/types.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023/dei-2023.xsd", "https://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2023/naics-2023.xsd" ] }, "labelLink": { "local": [ "app-20241205_lab.xml" ] }, "presentationLink": { "local": [ "app-20241205_pre.xml" ] }, "inline": { "local": [ "d896321d8k.htm" ] } }, "keyStandard": 22, "keyCustom": 0, "axisStandard": 0, "axisCustom": 0, "memberStandard": 0, "memberCustom": 0, "hidden": { "total": 3, "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023": 3 }, "contextCount": 1, "entityCount": 1, "segmentCount": 0, "elementCount": 23, "unitCount": 0, "baseTaxonomies": { "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023": 22 }, "report": { "R1": { "role": "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation", "longName": "100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information", "shortName": "Document and Entity Information", "isDefault": "true", "groupType": "document", "subGroupType": "", "menuCat": "Cover", "order": "1", "firstAnchor": { "contextRef": "duration_2024-12-05_to_2024-12-05", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false", "lang": "en-US", "decimals": null, "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "div", "div", "body", "html" ], "reportCount": 1, "baseRef": "d896321d8k.htm", "first": true, "unique": true }, "uniqueAnchor": { "contextRef": "duration_2024-12-05_to_2024-12-05", "name": "dei:DocumentType", "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false", "lang": "en-US", "decimals": null, "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "div", "div", "body", "html" ], "reportCount": 1, "baseRef": "d896321d8k.htm", "first": true, "unique": true } } }, "tag": { "dei_AmendmentFlag": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "AmendmentFlag", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Amendment Flag", "terseLabel": "Amendment Flag", "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_CityAreaCode": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "CityAreaCode", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "City Area Code", "terseLabel": "City Area Code", "documentation": "Area code of city" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_CoverAbstract": { "xbrltype": "stringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "CoverAbstract", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Cover [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cover [Abstract]", "documentation": "Cover page." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate": { "xbrltype": "dateItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "DocumentPeriodEndDate", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Document Period End Date", "terseLabel": "Document Period End Date", "documentation": "For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_DocumentType": { "xbrltype": "submissionTypeItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "DocumentType", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Document Type", "terseLabel": "Document Type", "documentation": "The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine1", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Entity Address, Address Line One", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Address Line One", "documentation": "Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "EntityAddressCityOrTown", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Entity Address, City or Town", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, City or Town", "documentation": "Name of the City or Town" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "EntityAddressPostalZipCode", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code", "documentation": "Code for the postal or zip code" } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince": { "xbrltype": "stateOrProvinceItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "EntityAddressStateOrProvince", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Entity Address, State or Province", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, State or Province", "documentation": "Name of the state or province." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityCentralIndexKey": { "xbrltype": "centralIndexKeyItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "EntityCentralIndexKey", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Entity Central Index Key", "terseLabel": "Entity Central Index Key", "documentation": "A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r1" ] }, "dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "EntityEmergingGrowthCompany", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Entity Emerging Growth Company", "terseLabel": "Entity Emerging Growth Company", "documentation": "Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r1" ] }, "dei_EntityFileNumber": { "xbrltype": "fileNumberItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "EntityFileNumber", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Entity File Number", "terseLabel": "Entity File Number", "documentation": "Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode": { "xbrltype": "edgarStateCountryItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Entity Incorporation State Country Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Incorporation State Country Code", "documentation": "Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_EntityRegistrantName": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "EntityRegistrantName", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Entity Registrant Name", "terseLabel": "Entity Registrant Name", "documentation": "The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r1" ] }, "dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber": { "xbrltype": "employerIdItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "EntityTaxIdentificationNumber", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Entity Tax Identification Number", "terseLabel": "Entity Tax Identification Number", "documentation": "The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r1" ] }, "dei_LocalPhoneNumber": { "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "LocalPhoneNumber", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Local Phone Number", "terseLabel": "Local Phone Number", "documentation": "Local phone number for entity." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer", "terseLabel": "Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer", "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r3" ] }, "dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "PreCommencementTenderOffer", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Pre Commencement Tender Offer", "terseLabel": "Pre Commencement Tender Offer", "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r4" ] }, "dei_Security12bTitle": { "xbrltype": "securityTitleItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "Security12bTitle", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Security 12b Title", "terseLabel": "Security 12b Title", "documentation": "Title of a 12(b) registered security." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r0" ] }, "dei_SecurityExchangeName": { "xbrltype": "edgarExchangeCodeItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "SecurityExchangeName", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Security Exchange Name", "terseLabel": "Security Exchange Name", "documentation": "Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r2" ] }, "dei_SolicitingMaterial": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "SolicitingMaterial", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Soliciting Material", "terseLabel": "Soliciting Material", "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r5" ] }, "dei_TradingSymbol": { "xbrltype": "tradingSymbolItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "TradingSymbol", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Trading Symbol", "terseLabel": "Trading Symbol", "documentation": "Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange." } } }, "auth_ref": [] }, "dei_WrittenCommunications": { "xbrltype": "booleanItemType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023", "localname": "WrittenCommunications", "presentation": [ "http://www.applovin.com//20241205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Written Communications", "terseLabel": "Written Communications", "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act." } } }, "auth_ref": [ "r6" ] } } } }, "std_ref": { "r0": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b" }, "r1": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b-2" }, "r2": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "d1-1" }, "r3": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Section": "13e", "Subsection": "4c" }, "r4": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Section": "14d", "Subsection": "2b" }, "r5": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Exchange Act", "Section": "14a", "Number": "240", "Subsection": "12" }, "r6": { "role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef", "Publisher": "SEC", "Name": "Securities Act", "Number": "230", "Section": "425" } } }
begin 644 0001193125-24-271603-xbrl.zip M4$L#!!0 ( *"%A5G/^"5#/0, $D+ 0 87!P+3(P,C0Q,C U+GAS M9+U6[V_3/!#^CL3_ OKZZ28"66UK!U9L$FN2P9QW.G_=_$5 MOC76,YB@1&X12FX=&OBW%K+(AH/AZW0P>)>,^C"#W-N#@CO,(!VR-\PK0IH- MWV9I"D V"*S^266_/DS ,J7LIDBDW4YCGPBVCS +NZ/83@8C!CU@Z,T8P\BA?JY M!>'%4VJ-OI,[D.M1 *3[^_LL2- Z3R D,)@3V9 M2%? ;^_[Q^=@?7S[./?]_&G;W:*_\X\^ -,M#I_ M*IG>4'M\3107>3.SFN7N=;E%/JDWNZG@\["WU?'Z&&F]!I] V"HSX3&@!" MS72[19N^B;.NDR Z?S M[T9;&7QHM 2Q--M#T38'_;FG]>#8O9\+T@"_^#HYW7P[+*\'YOB-5KI P[A"S]5/ [/53!OZ_ 502P,$% @ H(6%69M)MM-?!@ OD, M !0 !A ?5@O(KAG4G$4Q[UA_Z '3 08 A'Z%@Q[T- M4[T/[U^_>O>-Y\'I^ QTLU&@P>'A[ZX1T7"J-5K"55/\#% #POCQ]/ M/L/O:;D1?&(1\Q6#A:]B)N&7%8_"T>'!X0_#@X.?^T?%-,E\HP>A'[,1# \' M/PY,( Q'AS^-AD,XN8*S1$7 A"]8,167&\EG\QB^"[Z').D4A6!1Q#9PSH4O M NY' J$1?_CLR7J6D>7K\"T(^B4,FY MXYYY++*'8CV541_E3/=Z N=E(>C)&'X]NW;07*U&*VX+5:+#P=_ M7EW>!G.V\#W]Z.N?5I"547RDDO.7&"0/88T&H33"?.?E89XYY0T/O:-A?ZW" MWGM3,'MT_"F++O41)!Y&$B-64=A #\(&3> ')D#SQR8#K_5WWP9H\;]9*IBZ0?Q=KW(/$0H\Y.) MB>.>)6FPW9").Y'!EI8O@UQ''^[QGT4, M0_MV7L)8IY^IW$A;6+K!Q:+GZ) MII&U34.2/C+3S83W^7:?UU2H:$PRA2NI\6KRHTW\O$^4X>] 5AK!\A@77,OUB*A-"\!C M!3 EG-EMK^\BPDV;=P/Y9*'7:_TO/H_\65V"GR1UA*Z]=;1 2:Q_8YMF"^M. ( MTEP8C+(SFO1M%HFLV2L-AC=, VS=C#!L^)]LCU>E& MHIY-K)WBOLFH(4^[Y=@J"$E%R$J"J4FT _D??%GV(\\W1S%$YSQB'U>+*9/- M)J:8U^EX6 R@_;H[^$^U:"DWZI#*$P%-W:^%WEI-4X Z\= G/\ M.=26BG2*\#YK6"/8'>Y*85K2=2G8KD7+?:M6+$/P##\4(W$2AMJ ROZ[Y((- MFXV#5:#34:BRA'L"W4>@5)06_TS_37X IA) "TG M^"">!7XQ_25@;[%C@_XQC SYIY(M 6_* $HPA6AAIS90A7H]%X28)T\*KN6- MQ'LN@H;/; -\HTG-+WN?4&J)K-NH%HWID8 MW S*[WCEMR/ZK)LR^P(Y H36!;A@G"9&A&_C_*0ZSO#VU;+17(;]>V&[8UD M9CZ8QB)Y%XWYB("\OKNKOW&H4N@(XQJF QVY>5UN;,@-HO^ZTK;%J46UJ,G'0ZI#(N^]I M6NEW:T?3H&DW4"?2-Y^WO=TLIEA["_XDJ2-$[:VCY:(+G!8A(C(S94BEG:EL MH=$BDG6[I5DWS];!7+ME33Z-:,_M>/VT&L'R&(IU=%>/>BW-*]!\&K&]OJUK M:LWF*5[?.ULP.=-3\ZO$AWBN-R-+7S3\$%B)1*>O\%7;PKVA[J_Q5 _O4%?>8_4$L#!!0 ( M *"%A5GVW2^5LP0 'LJ 4 87!P+3(P,C0Q,C U7W!R92YX;6S5FEV/ MXC84AN]7VO_@IC>MU! "LQ^#AEU19F:%.E\"MJUZLS+) :PZ=F2; ?Y]CP.N M"(0I;+=5S 4?CM_CU^=Q',?DZN,JX^09E&92=(.XT0P(B$2F3,RZP4*'5">, M!40;*E+*I8!NL 8=?/SP^M75=V%(KF\'#R0D ,)YV6LW61=QLOF^T=V4*J(U' M4FJ@0^)6]#:R%4G A:"@& 1D51\OU-:NJC0W$ MT>_W=Z-D#AD-D0$R2_::0C>I^5N]:^Y-M#GHZFO6T46D.YD4J3^A6^1H#?LK M=-5"6Q3&K; =-U8Z#3[8)C=959+#$*;$?GX>#DIMTCSG\IF)8D@5].,6VC9T M)87,UI'51- #"E'T+0UMNCN$&;/AA7F@&9SJJUI;MK 24F2J$A HTKV7,A[8GK3VO/L,/VSAML;BV52)5+5>1VA"F&OES@ M=+'NR_3,M G70#L:I.X$CQK?XFPW/ AK Q0=XR5IAW" MV$^$??SZJ,9R*;X*X*[ 8#SP M[5CZ=K>^[ Z^C(Z].HX^;/)\AOZ,R#Z,LL68KM&UJ?".B*N+[$C MAATV?S991I*SA!DF9O=X,5;,6CN-696ROL"JW#I:_NR8/"FP0PYPM51LR-H_ M,=7C='KZM/A2A/K2>\FUH^C/?LI>;P9:+T#]>Y85 Z^G([].HX^;-[,E;4/F0U6F ?+E;D]47T)[1AT>?_9' MW!"[625S*F9PSD,EU=KZPJKVZYCYM@]RDX&:X=C[I.32S'%^SZDX\]F%(R'J M2_!%VP[D_[ 5 T]:7/C-K+?YU>@E&0C5^FB M#H\M>[RED3U9)Q[;97E>4N]+"B(ABQF*8 #2LO;7;S CXWP\3C]PS(5WN?_C1JC5^),RWN>/Z=Q]^[ WZY^ #7)[-H=OZ_#BWJST6R53,-(5L-9P&32>D3EL,;% M73U^DVON Q1AT95:,6$:\?]'CS7_YKK-FVI3M;A MX6%=O8V;+K1,)F@V&JTZOAY2R>+F- ARK>'9X_>N7[/Y!$%O6\U&)P%#NLN M@(&M^F^?+P;VF$UHU?5E2'T[F2(*Q4J #NOP-F[H2MYN6N_70&]:)!T>5K6U MH*T/:V6_?;RY2)N'R]NG3>NAH+X O4[B-SO9SX .+MA=ZY$Q(:7= +0^/ 3)F!N=_E[!>U#>,-&T"H2 MBA*_(T]7K6:UT?D]Y)FGTDDO""Z0]4F?B^"XG@-H BIH^S"^H=^X[[.$7-EO$S4*#+9'3 !E_W[$: MC8-%^.IS=!1LQ 1H6";A&15.5RK- '.]I#Y3,Z$&_5"2[B3PDL_& A Z;O4EB=%6WC M-\FTR3SU''82;*;8JV?50QW4"/S**!/L5:6>>^=W;5@+$Z7\^ZGKA./N0:WC M^D>9MAX;A4 1CRB?IDR 6 'G]B!0]$ 7Y[=DH&M[W;L\%J I>GY.RW_G]ZES^= MD?[5Y\_G@\'YU>638&P^!XR_4CD&US3D?H6 X4"TWY>T+Y MA'V>1>!!)=V Q0V Z @YR@ A]X/IEA+C9)Z#JCCQ,]F*K-4FWL>#23K MQG^L9Y$,/Z'[II$!H>\/!G7=AH&RVXBC.H!+J)]./E1LM7_ J#[[XIZ)T+6I M9["J%SK?R/1N%NL=@[C0.CO, [])[#EQ0&#N6 M(D]N1I)A&)+CF*[B%3*W " [>*Y973(OH&L <>@4H7["XO/-7P2=CPXD-+X_ MN1Z#=V"X'Q],=!J84K*J[4:KV5F)O+\O#F_IP[G)G]D*:4]&J%4Z:7>JK>9^ MN]-N%L#H"ZB#@^?1!H^U_ 5 L%8A(=C 2^FBE![\0!_R";'[LP09&RQ$SW$$D]+\N@ WWWJ"=6B63BSP8,DUZ'CR MV?4\ )0Z&P+N'41>Q9#2AS^OQ"V?^D] 2:MT R. YP#]YK#!-[_N\&C/.,4ED[IY+#=:FQ* MV.Q $YF%8M0>""")&U"/L =F1Z%[C\$\Z 4F*VA&O0BC1?)?-P!$.&Q-VG'W M*@$9O@>>V1/IM@\8.F@T]A;9Y]'N[ 4'2W0]YO[30P+ VF37P&-FC,[*\$ M0B-" S!4H&0Q7!KR!S)D'I\BU? ETG:S5E';B3KI.W(]%!A7@O2$S'> ZB$' MPD\B+Z0^XY'T9D2",I&CF9K!=.!#P)?V]+B>.I.MC6 @V,GG(Q7SG7#ZT4&!?6I8K;/]PM#0=LDK_ M_RK QF/\$T:GDT:K@5#38ZEIZI@" VQN!J-'N'7 M%Y6*_ /43+.) Z%F("HJE@6=$="G\ 8#:!5V7Y2ONJWRBU+DV5HF)N9NS6SFD'U@7T $"4FJ"\)?R+5J*M MS!-HHSJSFD.E3AZ_S['?+)WT40>1GO)@.+H4W/Y:(0$5Y)YZ$2/?-VK(;RT2 MX-&\\=("LYU41:U"CU$96F*?@)M6Z:1W??T77VS,"[&3^)C3P N^/$KNPJ[O M?ANT,?AFEU0Z]$\R0#XAGZGXRD)R % 2N*PD>OKJFJ=%6UT8M=T+B6J MSU^T$K\ 1+[F0"6XW6, INKB[E.G=A\V 7- F_S[W;8 M6&]PFFW.=^^6LR&;+' A?I1Q,H8,Z Q.AC>E,UG21T[>'8\3?P2B3RZZWQVJ M?T?Q:H*';(1I>XP*M#QC% K*.] MBE9*#)49!;4RA-5A-1.@'C?!1^1[JP*BHF Y05Z:U4'2"Z@I[ M=, P=7X M>2[H-DT6ASP/0' PQPHZ@/U/H7F,=.UWB^?KF7-30 =Y?-UYN?KY.?#Z9"\'MHJD!YOILT.]DE17S'/ M,6X2?D[AUTW,-+D5U=1Q5MUO"J&8YAQD)1@$=&W>4.$H&?9314ZH=?"J(7"1 M 3X&W16L$)LP+ST@I[A8U3"B\!-X*%8',JBV8N^H?,EKFSNT6JUJ\WVSU3Q( M K#U! N9+@[0IEA0/&7I8JG!'L("BB2"C"%[@*4FI)4/BPK$- \;P.)!Y M1&W7 P P/#;+'$U_/A\ MNP2P=1/F]&3([W1XF8AO'H4Y);B V-?D$R42$!X(X%&L:1-X'E\)[G*VR(H1 M"(_>+&43MTI]/U)J%\2)"O!?A9S3$ZIO?E0K20GBT7LD""S+5\["HHKI:!63 M6IOEP%/XCPASQ8!Q'P)58.='DQ1^T#KH _V!'44=EU]\B5'?)Y0F::)WQ3#J= X'%.^#K9^1+>*4OW8:O9 M.LEL927U,H(?V 9T?*P.,;^,#ISZ/+4!61T] :L-MA:BM[C&UY2+@RH2Z*T MUQHS&"YU%'F@#9"+^7_NJ K4J0R_3:N,)=95>Q1OT MG @]2]#>:,/F3J$HKR96 ]S/N&P PY 9M$/WV.6*@6=9?"BREZD$P+3;!@A3 MM-9#:;WAF/%=D:5@COS:UZ19"T.&5+HR,S@MX(CO-ZH.G QEEF2/6+1!+1F)&;@PRLKGC3>X++#SP(DFLCEEOP%VD ME>EJHS=A:)N-OIJ- LUC!5.T>3L3RS6+P)/H!P\/.96'1J6DUD59FX1O'&-G M4OXYTLJHN4 ;?['$^+^+[9*DIBW&RF-^&*O)(#RV&.1*78P" MP1'P8@"> MBN9)=# D\^+3=C&%P+=Q'?0NL_/4@/J ^+BW.J*U"D]J4P![+D_!K47@P6ML M"/1!3P)BDAV*G>\$9&FH])X27TTPI)'.?=D:;!J#7=&\\?/U9R[NH&5_C*+[ MD?I?*^2RUJOIQ*,#;IRA CAAH,NQXYH^'_FHE\ED5D#2;?BX#T_#3+.?N.? MJL@ A%"J #2-5 ZR6[:D*:YG++WU),'G# M[KEWCPQO6.&322;FD^7IN 44"T7L'R:Y,U7L(/ MKY,DS3KG #/XP\#KWLSL'/ H5.44N!),^6^YV@K)\)3.GTS-84P0//#0*P15 MXP13;MH71WR#IZ0QBU)J1Q*WO"#*-"I$N \.BKF%5M7>I,8]IP!,&3@/%&@ 2I.I@ K*&SP3J#E^MRB[M1@ZM/ M-WI\)>_%5)?*;L2Z*PGG=/U1G)RH8;RD@VQ5LXX8R+ T)5B>#("-/,Z%Z810 MI? H7]^,J,16I-_06!8;A"EM;@#B'I9>%TTK@;&;@'#%- MG D_-N ;!9H#S)19M ]$CI44I?Y M( AZ+D/WMMS:4TJ*FE! G]*_1.%+82P&8YN"M$@:9CZ# 4[C#2![\4 M+P$:8H.@'-O4JF\ 4FUV9HMNTIR9=F/R67O4^\3JJ%Q;'[IC_:"*3F^5U]N3 MDAF[KK:8EGH]YZEC5"DL7,9O,)[G%#=H0'\B^57FVN4K(#I%[)2QJ"-9T3+7 M'%Y^\5$9"U O4 %)Y^]>Q"&MSKD7$U^$PZ(;4*NC^7&852Y.VRZL6BE@T M\O&8Q,KL)K' \,8P%4M6ONT _"6*IILUY5*"EH@Y=->5TRLRS?/[^2RM]2Z ;9=2NSHTF MOF\EXT[/9X?SM6Z]Z Y "T#BHZ;^>@?V*2Z(FK#+U,)"_T !U85=1C:?2JCBI.G5#-Z1U#=(AR@Y5(*L_+&>J3P',Y)LD\5+ C:7#M8H-]YG.=/O]-6.UBXV5*SY: M"URGV("?V%" >3006DTUHK5TQ/W'@-A9,^#[8@/^3/T4PI8N.EXZWD'!\=(* MI^::T0X+,DM6Z@[T>(K=E[%SHRC'@$]FNK2UPMG+'[^8ZUZH@/09-K#6&Y)F MK='"E66,R"FX(1! NC3QIFJP9A! MM-+3VS6ZOA\!2&]$?7&3A1Z?ZR=?>HR^&"*'J$-)J1*'0!6_XA.U_K:[@?%: MZ1"BX$([G=!&P8"DV2US'"(64CY(]ESC4PUZ?_RE:51V]I*YNO.3949JOO!] M,A^O;D[/;JK]JXN+WO7@K!O_L=W]4@4NE'GW3E\IHWXY=?.[R"4PBQ?.Z,\/ M6Z]V" M3/ "$C%/HLP;]+=PB@^EYJM]O=+B/05+K]MIUZR7(8>^&($2_977SL'A?JMI M.>RA;=7&X21SWC*VMZO.AVBG.3XFLO0XY./.NZ 2IJON&?E[T[SYRC1O:IH_ M_;#0&S,\/S.T=L$,W[&'WREPA"D'_$F7 V*HKS*4ZX\ 2 _>W7I<>5L,0 M9'W"\/&>Z]J"ZY5%VO'YA[B6&? BN&:4*]#> M*%?#*37KGZM X64WTCS2D-*5%?REE&B74 *K M6-2^AFF ZC_"?0 >YN?T>D^3%D^VK;EQO%QPF M[OTL 9_NMSWFILV$WO7UQ=7_G5^2_M7-]=5-[_;\ MZG+]5Z R]>7/;VK4O^#^K^!U0)YV45$W+HCP/U]74 M8!_ERK*N)" I5%TANBC@& 08 92N?OM>T)P"D2$LR)!VF;G(M$-CCVFNO M\;?>_W[^^>C#^]\/>OL?VJWWYX?G1P !_-U/BR*=\*-1FA1/\N@_ZFW7_CT*)U%\]?8\FJ@\.%;? M@]-T$D)/O:/#3\?_]5N&@_SMP_O=#P Z']T]/ ^>&7 MX\YU@[E-.G47(@^*L0IVTRQ+OZNLJ?V ,;1;1P?'^P>G9\$H2R=! 1\%1 !XJ[?5(-'T MAI,HB?(B"XOH4@6]"_CUX:W/78UH]\O'7G!VL/?U]/#\\."L$QP>[S4WFCT8 MQ#U8E$]?CO8_PRZ=]?9^/Z-="KZ>]9H:C7N>?RTG$6(].^\='QW\J]TZ.S@^ M_'(:?/QZO']X_*E,*W (?=M/T6S9+ M$GQ:MW/. %X[8YP_YM\^_"WIY]-WTM!3$.:@41'M0&BC_WL_#?+B*E;^_JA) MI3U\- TOU)-^IL)O3_IJE&;J;1A_#Z]R$!O?/YUB)[^?!F>'_R^,]MEONET2 M/=_^Y0W]Y[?@GX?[Y[__UV_=[>V_FG7: QGJX/3>"I_.-I[W=H\.@B\?0 O]Z WOZ[\]XMK] MF]_^8=\S5.U0]8O^@V\?OF3#2S^-_S/*3\XU6OCG.THR:,AG.W+ M%.AEZ;5YC9M6/T:SEW9^=_?&M>_!V44B@@ (;OF6Z10/PJ8X1 &P ]6X +NR_H-A.?7;K+WSB_?Y1N?-^1 8)#.D@+X'U_.[X)/O=[)N^ D2X./Z*P,]L)X,(N) M R3*!OG@ ,@PT/4_%5> M!*=AH8!+[@)-CJ&K;\%Q6AC1LC'"W%D3YJJ$^>IQ$.9^=!GEC=[-SVY,>]?9 M#JUMZ%43MJ&?L.ONW G5W$>[KEV [77MZ%S'@; 5C[DT, ML?ZY65MB[QE?]:Z+G4=CB=U+)Y.HF$ ##_G"^--1WR,QQ-XKL^N:#% *M*%/A(K*I'JB@P$#L=!7N9&D9%8S3X:DV#J]+@(S&@ M?IPE0W1_ @TV+PJ^7//"E>GP]>.@0^-A.HAY@LT1X3I2;F4B?/,XB!!C0**$ MP^303'.JAK.!#IIS;(?O@L-D -N;J](/C='L^@)?E6:[VX^#9D_5-+Q"XC.! MG>^"@TO8OV2@.&6_WYA W^TJ4^$C\;A\5*HY MLEN'RZU,=H_$PZ*5F +UI*'H"/GS6G'K];:\ A5- .;'QHCZ[5DN3)9/Q)/S>>HB"[8 M4?.E'\L_\W?!J9K&0*G&[JB@DZPYOKMV):Y*H#N/Q"VSKT;A+*;,\J:) 4Y7WK9U M0N5MWS#/'DU"Y9?L(DRB_Y#X#8HEUB!H3-!YL[9RK$R&C\3/WYL5XS0S='B0 MC-)LH,)^%(/ LZ;'^[MQ97I\) $ G])+E25HA0CCH#>=9NEE&.?O@N,TV$N3 M41P-FG-"O%G'I:Q,EH\D..!CE(3)( *:/"M "9189B!*T U5AL][0R# 9E[O5(PDV.K%L*\X RSIN@>GAV>]-=W=WPTJT]TC R2^N,_4:G"J+IJNX[,FPM6)\)%XWBP'7'(^:^J[ M#]3W2)QJO:2(GNRE63:;DFT:[7]DH#X+DV;!UFZ!*!]=S.F24 Z+ _X5Q58>_-RR5.Q%B*:Y>$O'HT041=>3&KFEV*L MLN 0LS(FC5:*?;-.R%^9.!^)@(&%B@ ($+W.\P'0I!Y*L QRZ-$Y D2Z O3):/)+EC M-TV_Y5(79I!F0R;'*4\V.$7Z6'/+>[Q_9;) 7 M]4"IX4.FP(=MG/Y)-\$2UN*UF^#F;H)C#2?VZ5[X"-XL>?36/H)FKXF7C\9' M UU"O[*A/=(+/Y8@B04( @&5VJ0 M#-=A5BN3X2.Q\Q]%DZA@@!+XO[,P5D^/L$)3/QQ\"\ZS,,G#9@/"N]OKH@XK M$^ /1M'GV"JN0$^E4)KCYS>/Z'ZT M9V#)^^/UC3;D5K9];5N^[@8ZE[W[W>Z;WL[]SX?'AV?GI[[16?_Z":ZL7W41 M+4M)?_J;X/6CN0D\ (_WIED_ V7K!A;_^_VO!LK^B3INM=[T&S._"N=;G>NMZ[A]^"QK M \,2 Y A?T)BH93II,L.QVUX$^*Y/A(XFW./@Q54G.*4-#-4FBXNI=X'J_1R;) MK;$"@=V==3S0RO3Y2 (QSF8#N*#S-..,HEZ>@P+9'*? S[#*Z#./F:&^-@[ R[3V2E,J]=(86E6F8%713%^HBTS5\-2(=1HK#GS'\ ME:5)- @.?JC!K%$'PL[:@; RQ3Z2;,LSBE%K6FY ]HS4=WN,- M*]/A(W')_*["(?#,!GG@VMBX,NT]$I\,7,JC"+^/PD;UEC4)KDZ"C\0?@[:= M3.4%YG8IQQ'3'"VNRQ&N3(N/Q/?2?#G"-?7]!/4]$G\+7,88("%.Z+U9EJED MT"#0ZIH6?X(6'XO_165%&"5!T_%BS]:(%"N3X"-QJ!RGP [5B;&1^)=>?_QR_&Y2? 81X5ZDD_#@7J;I-^S C=,(J?'":: MFD$B[5'@A1JV6[:>SV&2%U$Q:S97;DWE*U/YSB-QXI2I_%1=A!F:TX'>KX*S MV72:9D"RP?]\W&N0/G\FAK)M 0@OGA_>Z'L[W?#_:_'AV M/]W]4,KY=%K;L:FC !O?^F^Z"Y!SM> ,]O&)]N_M W 3 MS-M]69^J"\^KZ;R_=LU ?#CX7[\?[AZ>G[UEX>&&Z_7H5NC@QSCJ1T70NRV* M^IAF$]+&*#'(J';PYVPR96-#8Y/ U),BH+GI]3]>^9RIO@YGIR>[ ]B M[EUD2C5T*>L9[M_Z#+5OGY(TJ!A6X]MXK>'CX$E7&SUN>3F^GE$-1: >=\' *3R11Z;(*3,"L2>#J.IGF MS>(7P4 4_C\FF%\%8]!2X GJT7\_^?SE]%,/&O^]=W80[/:._[L3'&_U MMCHX_MYP$B517F#CEPJ4-ACB%A$/;,A*7IH;+?#YF$<>P6,]=EPQ'.(HC>/T M>_[VIT9UDT/48]##H+NHY[LXO;9PPN'Q(1*#4V7A5^^,YV;M(FQ VMU3:["Q!Y?&FY,_UIISX$Z:9A'.'DU9 M\.%1"B\U ,@J@.GQ[#R 5WF.+V,W(=GA9PD(AO $NA[.!D5 #D#\$@9[ D(4!E]GP49?=P]O MJ!"W&G;CCS2+8+#P-N[I :P _*5M7$@6\!:W /YT[UCGYF: MQN' H9TPP+ 0";3'/JX5PJ>9>J+$EV,#_"IKUV[IQ>M0N_ T LHP*TBGB(?+ MA$)_"HW#D>DK/EFPJ)OO\.8 ,KT$#6U(K)U6'T[&1K1)3 K@3GA:Z$V31-Z!T\C+/)Q&#BY;/!N&;'VJW2EG6" M*>@GN-;TA0RQPW^9$:*4-E;QL,0O I4/8*ATO",@\Q#&G&58$]'X.3:B2(YF MQ+,>XEY')(Z%^@(--M*LP_ (%YX;ZGJZRMUQP>G>7>A(Y3I(#O 5FH81G*OEM_]7;/J].HQ+K,G/G N[MEEXI=Z)V@#A>4H7-;D[" M*Z!9EGA6#%6\)8%G^, MHKRSP=(AF1%'*Y_=NM M01@/9K%C,""9?DJ,)YE- O5OV&A VMG3 !I)J?@M,YNM9L)_&P-YS MM.(E5H.^]J#AFE9&0\ ;>I*XJ&VCVP6XC;Z']YKJM M:DC-TWN%1B4A3[0K+,7R@M4YGM.-E8'K6%V@N1R]%P8I*-@3F-+8[CKT$Z5T M&6UO/=OI/GNMWRW&:,6L??M=H+?6;.N\):CN\O=T%@_]7;:'];J=-FN!K^- MX8ZT^J8(JZ[][CZ J-1%$=AP4:1/@C^@[&RY@MH(RID:ZJ>FZ'"^$? J,(3;8M%NN,FJ7!S[7ZW0E^I^W.(T>?&]C_P>C[&#T21AEE2L!&.T MN 2T &JN3Q'MUK_=+]FFB0L$.R9*O"@N\UUAS __G=]!\W.G$_1$IS>4>38_DCB&%.R6+^)H0YA[P=HN2&+K?EK M#P:4I3$=5[CPY,^8B8*?\?D8I!.XQ/4+/ YK]+2C:)2[7L!]?8$,Q,O_*:\A M^GA@XY'GL*04FN_"":*4:V.5TPI)6 C:X31.9\$Z]BPZO>,_OYZ)6DXMD&OF,HSU5BPUK*!V5-IQARS.(O(L&N' M&6&1%M#-T5Z[I1?5>YMM:,/*!S8SK?:S)GD-BKA##YNHQ%B=;839M5LJQ(N^ MNHI73 ?#(@78K.FE4>15 =ZM0[GNAM:JT8QU%L;\)88AE ;K^#MW?GO*V#/7?P@UV"R.C^U9DK ;OEZ[^NC:2L M!J,BA; R^1B/[? HA!4US@RB,-9#KMMUB+LPP0Z M@;LD)8N $)#5R_LAQ0HQ^[7OGII &[;[%.AJS-(?T80'_^+M]G80;DU &=X; MP]9=I')-N\2Q(1V&6) GU Y@AL1R!F_&%,RS%R8A\(;$&/117,US4*#1 M?@-__DO9V)UP."17*/#\@96>'>H,1X48FTQ9)V O;-29S J\+*PCN105T#'Z M%27 UM@CRC9C$D9Y,V6ZR 7#( Z_CV:Q? _ MW?+W/ZC;?C8LF&7=X+^)!UD]@=WXWX$]C]&0?/!##AIS=&H)1^@_Y[,3I'V, MXE##.2P2_H^T*CRJ0CPPU!DF8G28W3-=90&LJ4HT]"H.G7$D+(Q$NU72#$,[ MK]II=98].6;E8!BP>,)"2TO'Q)C#2>HC/0X&:EIH\IIGC3/F3R_1N"9JICS7 M1O498!&X.E?&J'H+^@Q!C30[JR)ZL@=\:T8!15@?IR8>$^XGX$1 "=D,+FO: MODQ=B'_-N.[^ B[."K/D@ 2K8F$!F#) DUWWS:M7C>Z'738F M^32[7;6Y\6E]ICZN4 SK@Z]./^@5DVZ462*T; M&$MH,%(PU&EX%6IK"=F'Z^0@T0?*,W#TJ5P5.'SHD-(='$?5(.1CQ0M1(TGR M&G3DA5K)[.#KZ>'NEU,1Z>:YEF%5G+? YU2M$+O%).3Y@=6S/N- MNI2M@W7F@5L3 TSB\ M>DMRZY.!BN/2H*Z9 *%-@=H]8)BW2Q5KN,I;R-@N$:Z>_/7SHE$)>Z7Q]#," MU60>^]1EL4^)O=X4)DL/V,&UNMG@'3S W=,/ P14CVD:H6\4?C:W M\>9R\[@9CNJMS=&(!#@'E JX;VW!]F;+/SW\*8M88:/W !W]V!1?NQ I"]+ ^S&/?89%HX1LFKKN.1%%: MQ'=7WJ\R3.ON)[JX_^NWOX"JK4:CWVZ-^]:"9^@1W0_\C,/;8JH"=5P2"O[V ME]>OMU^\VPW#+C?Q%'TMV]UWN[N[_[ ,.ERG. M^=>?.?VW/M2=%P]CJ-V?&.JO! RE"[ M/S'4/^5%^H^[ODB[P=, )%;^W_MPW'8>SHWYXJ&(V-V?&.KZQL0#>.?G;X=. M'OW/O3A]#^4&V=YZ]7#DU=6'^F>\[/[Q*RPXS]_MAL_@N%TOJ1HAE [GD_MP M.I\]E+L1]_^!G,Z=GQCJ?!#:.X^:*( 9YS$P/29[ YSE2' MSUP/3T?[UAUO.L6=MELC_$@@5RAY* ;$/3@3M7'A!R;OEAK:" MP_G#QNCQ90 56>OH*LE\HC"^:[?76X=)-!S&)EZ1Z4Q&3#-(D]CLY76A M'-P#(8 D8]>D.K6U\WONNFT6]Y\QL =.+I0[V9E-FFR_%&:-YN; MG"$.GQ':)K3"2 J,G ILL^-%MM=$R(>YI4,\Z6X* MB 6H93P,#I;7BR 6 14,9YF.7!0L$HQ94X(8F2R1!L#)C9P!*A_0:_6I,_7MX=,$KC"W84-CRVVF MV4N9'C?2$;A C.=SJ1CA'@8ZJV9 V)$ , (G JB"0SZP*F $>)LL%3#L#VX,XX_+JZ=04BF(VPAI"[5,/R&G$PX"R1 M 0'0;APHA"BSG0;CK2]$1E.'98RVLRQNNB39E8.OHD2D.&Z5 ZM)M8GRDX M5%C#&K/H^E ?$R3I9DW/PUPKHR-Y,;T[6SO;P- HI4$/UNXO0LZ/ M0F#&')%D9R)QJ':-'FH$Y9L_0P3EW:')M5OV SR#]@&6W MESD,LA- P.O]O"$]S+!II!?, M;;V$93)W[DF: 4$LF;H0%96 )Z% MWSK!7JS"["2TJ3,D>2L[KJF,"VYCN"Z215!(6K "*G0:H+3!2913IAF++?=B M[3_.DF$M/KP ]GA*2 '88:EA:8&+S\,QFD\U(4=X$/,#[H$U8>NX4LU)O0O M%&>R64Y9'"2BIM\3O,?QF#)"OXLEGT6$3]4'$6R$F/VC3J7K39.IJ9*+\((3 M\R;A-U('X5('H2FG?^O14>8UC@O_@'?[F!$7ISS;H "!I$A M3*T@.3:KOFA^Y&Q'TUMN.\M- >U3["WT%MP!DI@SCF.7\]ZM _2]%D1)K&Z@J.N$I2ID=J)++A!WM@HT^AU MI!#DP1\848K5'X8:A%XRC?F'?II^RV9)XN+*":6,H!72/4SV,;Z V4]1LT+[ M_)+!E:/OW*. #DB\TIG,2,J:7B59]P#8;H1W/O>G5+"A L\?DZ6>GJ(3# MLT'R@#.?!]" 4611?T9YQ/CU;@ #;\&YB]O. E2[52M!L6R( %I&1,2@_&M#U MR, UZ.K %>^4-@E.*QPCJH%(U/2IUSOI>#/F%4MP(-/PBB3X3;L^0"V,Q%)Z MQ9=-"-'-81\LA1'>? J&8R$_J^W9K"2L7%E:D!XI*(T?-*YSUR",__ MPD4&P0M'5S_3]0C,($:P*8443S!TK5$A'(UTPUCS: I7DEZR8 KB_^@LN4X1"/\IA!FRZC@HY:=D9,]:QPJ+HB #?;5,7PG&AJ_ ;\[,F#"WKL%@KW,,EU&#$\ %;MS?R#_M@*5HPC1U^Z_ M5_KA$GUQ9@"^Z"L=6Y4Q8T0TNV0,M)UFH$%I15H9A-5@-$OH&&X:( ^Z*TA=HQ ?C!E;ZF)N%0:=>H#^ZUR04#8$/ZY(\ 4\.50X-[I.?BZ9(T4^3 //4AX5*-BD:EHB#>L= M)0NC0'CJZBAJJ"^7 N8L=(Q=C @(FQM$!"A>[X M2^)F]SE5%[QLU'NR1)I8%#\Y3'0 ;F]0:^\CCO)#98/(*H;_S+"U_?0['[(] M0C DQ\4)&E!R,H4D9-W23KY3E: GC. X[ 482%[(V4;Y6?R)YV72 Y M@OO)U@=RC7S%.$MG%V-@(T!^0Z%)MXP-3XN_B+#J^"7=6E*@%D/!&N79N($( MBSC @BK#:G6>\ZB 3>AV2_LOV(KXR3T9_ .@D=0-^FPBRF[#,E 3 =4' F16CO:]F0QP*T[6KQ]*7M;?4TIX+K&0UOY!L0Y]$5&_S'TZ9!O MU8D\)3P;$>RB N P>HSUKL%+DYB;22F$K<>M+C=948:;]?L#3(FQ#,2 MTWZ,1A%MR;8M8*BM=CI:TF(A>1[V[\.U G;75L";1=V5>92.16:(;HR>!YZ! M$=I]-(UEQ EF8XFR+WVB 2##RJA1.>>ZF MQOBW"E[;^EN5 )$,#.3Z'[/AA>AX6? ]BZ2\55&$H&O1.UQF$%BEXI>\\N:. M%8K^KE^+3:HRGJD_*+ O4],9!=%W$#40M+_OV"S^ G:I87:*>2NCH MR$MKRUEQV46_@?DU-4-'H28W(A,_'REM8B*Q$&,2S:NG:AJ'0C]DC2)[83H@ M8\S0$P_:+6W0 1O,ZQ65U^FU?O@R.E J&_>YL(8UQD5[@.]NA.;CR)=,M]U'/]EZ!08 ,;0;C%TLXVB M4YG@.-.R#L*DFC(QUQ)L#$/7;2#2WSSO051UAM>?N=KZ99Y*4H;VWX0S72(^ M=UB56'">C+]B@5DP$ZE!Z_5V 76\G$, -B&6CNSEO[2I5$MQZ"+R; M\X"PD:$\M95QKMN5:C&%^ VTA+(4"8*\Z"B?%(Q4'-J%K\L"Z,O MDG;+DSEVTR$ICC9L @=GJF!R3\F3::8NQ9 AX6A4PR6AX5;,X^7Q2J;F2FN= M7[':!5OK!Y)RS1R/_$O[4KK^=.*3!.#52GP;$2XR#IY"4D#C3:5J#;?%EQV+ MR>4 [7VZB YY(&)0^W'E; MKC6Y0AW(F#%9C^"\[Y*'BF^C.;6^.S88341;\4^%4O5-BD8H0Q 3])^B+>K+^E;1\>,XT4.0A65E#21E^V6+7:(G7R,4ZV EO0T / M5Q'0KUL]D$!67SX]BQ*-E>PLQI'B3/:Z+2\K D&-'K#*'2L:JA&'7+U!5_U 4$R*"9;IJC9F:_[K6+ENE=%]/7--!_-J;9M6HHD& MU?(BY=P#:Y.&%L3/F:;@69]X/7W*8 S1A, M0"DV$A#$F6^4%L3QBF(VT^=3!V6U6R28(O $*50YP_V89*?ER6X28FG1?-,& MU-1>;4,U0,\6Z2=1X=0Z5>CUP7!ITM&I6##>8:!-\Q0-#[-%@?4]C([J:1:) MIJ[Q@VBZPW0Z1^FGJ/X2GQ04"?9J20->L(DXHA=>WJ3X WM)*/NG3Y'@Y/WA M.SDO6 PMQOK2F$K-3/2 G^C:8!Y @>8Y_0S&3@L1J; MOH'L0ZRKW!C?Y[7JP=OF+?!5Y\4 =$2=4^Y\/PE4C:207Q0\_-8 B,SP:B MZWP:7B\11"W+VR2N&.*KL41CR7H!"X$#AAF.)&"(78Y0A$H:73YG2 Q[5@F) M?_=P+4C/UA:DNW:NS3G:S_317N),MUN+#K63G)MZ0*&W=)Z,2 U6X*56;8U MK !^Z):!)*WIVX1B5?/S?(""!5XJ&H6(JO5C ?U,#V8Y*6ZQ(6:."Z]D ML^*]A 9%X+7!.5H*J_3"8(E6 EY2YEET;9CP[[I[XUXH'N5[ W)X"TG#P5+B$W(^[;07_/@G7E"XQ#N.1H=&[E.Q%XN!L4GW!^SVB ML$(R/N7]T(DUJ-(_*?&C5E[-@EV@973F1/>5,#S95#YGO3O [O(_]SX?L$!"\88]/^F'6E >\5C82^&2AIWAY$-3$82 M83I@@ANQ*#\H_Q(#E:J+,R?[W" W!EG]>/2H_ LC2M,%V%_0X%QZFB]BR/9C&EY=:5G\RY86,W91IRLN1QL M7GSRP^-@1K=YB-:9YVOKS%TKG3>_7-JMGS1VW)H8='-F$(298UWA+,I 2F3Q+R9K=\]%?JN"8)>0X6R9C;YMS*8 2_1%EA**K M@36)O[0!L M D2S!AR"-#B)PP68-:%.IU23:9Q>*0N% +25R#>,S3P2S-]VZ^#T\*QG4?H= MR&4&N2",$WJIXX3524=.NUZS''MNF_+H[/F;5R\LTLV0PA W=IYM-SJ)W_ Q3GZEV@NX.Y0KMV05[_;R[\6W3XC[2 M,)KD)Q5+3"W>F'Y-Q]@Y(.TZ#^I4(5B+"LY,$;Q*>"@^[$U SAB$C4Z9H\\J M$^U-IT>@72 ,(R-*33^K\:LH M6P-M$D/,!1V)*)!7VL P=-U9[99!^M,)>-B@6T*PDJ)4$Q3+L)#0 IN!0&V" M@=>D#T2YK1;5*#LQ09R?02"=S*IUC VF8WZ>*MY(7-[Q?QXCK(>W9>OS.==O".7:&1,]BHF'": M_C9%V#"OI>$J+54SU?9Z^W8U.NW6AEII9'"CY\%'A$/"MG[_:!>6Q/#1RAOU M+P4G_F]7*GGW0L8$_WW >7 OUG:RN^827&ZDB@RW(IL@CW&)3W2=@_;3Y[Y[ M:^>^>VOGOMW"@^^V=[-SW[V] U+3,_F&FY\UVJV869@8&W!(&\/=PBNB:P/*7V:TDP,RM)?'0#!2( M1=&C*D& T3"]:>:E9I%>K0=QTZWVJ)?GYC90 M,2TLC>3&-Y5:;DVQ)&[!"0K!'B=Q+@:^.MJS\&I\HG_Z_/XLL9-/(8N2030E ME!08 (5J2,*118.K'W:3EV^9FSB7AK'@X6L@P]1:2X"KCV9Q,$D315F%?.Z; MG=$TPCQJ*C56>P=R@2L8[(:YZ:22)GDFR%YP9>J>4=8GD#N0+-:G1MMZ)G5> ML4:)E$QC=RE%B?4UUQ+WF L;ZMJ35(UFU34HUS^YR.O$)QLN8DVL@WLL%+5!3 6/IR:WL'MA&C!L-@WC+5X]I@V9Z9B%AA WRX50?:+[34HV,*B3&$X%B"D:KSU,"/"X3#B340 U[T4(\$0 MU1K:.-@]/-_OU:*WA)L;EQ%Y4?"?/Z++.>EVUEKN^4#+'0?+]FL"T 5L MB&(,V@!#3+1;5,CVBN^M);"%%N$NO"U5:(Y^0&.9QIG&1V1IR)34\T#D"@T! M83Q'ILR,MSP;,E,;L$I7?9%N4L4#!AX(1843E C MHI"P,'?"NV195VVJ6JJEXY=D+JTP4BM)HAS_8VK,\TS:K=6G SH$O]V;QY MB#97'KX7>4_(1I['%^OA1*CT$0B25-UA_V^'2/UN=F-79K'H/%J+-ME+L1>T M;"87H"4,=:'%N?W*"YM:B]8LPX:]5&8F7 KEO@NKFLV 1.1R!M-;'1 NPO,25K7JX%\W:SK4T.JU^'L4,! M84Z"B ;Z71*S?!&+9?ML/,O)-NOA.=BK$L3K\M7BR.DUF98$7K@5]+!: B/- MB@VEVLZ04P'":U]T.C3JC#+K-*>@I7U!@U]P:/3BOD",,)TUJ1$M6(/YR/AD MYS>W^O4WNHCQZM\S5)TU)% H3MN GVKF4/,[;AZ=!@SZ$Q#[^T8".ZT3.@;%"1J6T4XD(3.+UA"IEVF%XX M[8\'9SCI.+H8DX8CU@.0 (20?!+:* $PW]\V)M/"65# M]374P*W-W7N0T_3F!\OM? 5..?>DDG3U E:JHUO3QB.");!Z&'>"(]%U\_B)-E]H MM[K;N_YMG,;,F&'HT 69[ C>R8092$A9ARJQ*!"@%!?STY6/0891='6AS))B MPMJEZ(UDRN-QPJ9N:O*9L])4^ \W%T;IJ?'U"S\OZ[ZVUHU+>:X0L)\.AT_P MBO\6_!/9R!E0G"H0&BF5VP @8;>O*50SS MFTRBHE#$'G5IZC/)T8ZD\*-OSTEMM=S0UG],!0VC6I=2,*(=A!']6220P089 MPG/Z\0 /#P]U]1+OS6K:, KQ!=%]\^PYV::EI#EZ FSD&5F#"8@9-^EW8#[*5J=Q_% \+2K9FI$, MF=']PZ6-Z=_U.9R44:XR%+, ;&]M_]5&K' %V$[]O&@2Y5QE&RNC,_ E3QMKV3KC[)@* MJ1T_6Q'SVF-9C:'"\M;:_F.+8144\5*0(/)'FCF&^K[)VN)U=+*V](2K,1A5 M-4!S*Z:JNKWP2+>O2BF@I\C7KH>;).I[\LRM$K;D-R_T-S;O^ H-Z")P M;X+I.$.N(J$RM> F(Y%1_&@TF82ZV_+4V-\4_D%1X&! )+U*&[N[:=LMSBEAW0 M$E885&X)PO($?G)!U=4I W4CNG2@&D*G5^K/'[$;RJ0/,2]3X#%%)U\[!/V1 M^&3&& V8A:(3 AUXCS1F/WVR7>*)BSL(T^T, ]1 A'.B-1G=)/* MFP@UPL7MC,MI!A=@S!Y*$N0F7IQTJ20X/O(F71-X2WHBHJ&$ _9$(Y?&TZM% M,+9S>7#S1MG9^.'L1^TVC%7E8@OPGDD)MA-WQ=TFM$GVO ) YEHN2 -0?O&M M4!X3%J;F2"E:(TW9[;0$4UBB6ZDSZ#S5BH1)ELYET45/EF$X0Z/T!Q FISI4 MT]"/.ZS"P%?0[(TS%T;0;CFM13*:6GG !#Z$".&:ZWJ84MV3*LFG7+GT,F7# M(MH$KG1M/[ZKN"!3+@XV?H$S9'-RHZ%K-1(=DY;177+?! B8 M2@*>0 U$CWWT'S32^>D(,%%&C MY':3 V/A\+Y(F&N)CVBHW.J#M2Z^7EL7;V9=C"9 MY!&;!MT(+83M =#J)*R)[#EXEC=VH4BZ4.E#L 5L8%85L,C#7#V4+@ 66\,I&[0^97PIM+"2L-1U,MKA(F/ H^:]2. M,A\DMF+VQG @$&8,&J?G-)/Q!4;%3HZ&6TF]\"_^I+F.I4P$/?@ W M0P!*1XK6Z$7.!"7PP+A_X./9@%.2@0=FG A3#1%U!%RB=2]O_ W=4/V?;E'X M#.=NLD:B&8[LP]SR$F^VMI]O!>=>LI*SOWJU+'D( K8+MSORBYOV\X4=>' .%E2DV1,#)YRW:?Y-@*=\F:L B6%CN+D1 M- G"!-D5 &GDZM];F\;2YBA: :U?1 GEDB/M%J(51,U(QCIEO*NH/Y)%+??J@F!/@T IM>L33F:H(I!,2IH]@8FJQ-2$X6A M6=3TQACFBV#[3HB8]JY*.R.,21NC+X@[0, - M]=*P*66Q."'+#ZC#0WL$^ 7(!)3 CSC-T N )0[!!%=RS'>[$93OO*0#L%>19VO/*BC3QV6D-[ M7YU#FK_0OJV H,P^F*6SQAHA! K8?27D4, >"ED M >W#"2-PKBW[OWAQ^" M*J09,1"K5U\#$M%AX )V+V#U, %>D%^]9M!?$:K1YI MCT])%5^CPG"LQ9>#AH+N]E_%U%L!N:A (E' !B C(ICA&8(Q5#J7(*YM4#P#)YPO@!(N :/#HLT_ (2F#/ %CQL?92N&O8@?T?7I!Z9R0U!ZH4&K]D,Q>,"404^GT.OB@9=5#. M$"Q%#F^IPY)9F1&A $XN:@TZ"6ZRQ%:_KE1S$@DGO%8WW%B?*>7TH%N5'5%4'%DJG;#O)9B#J M&0 )JQQ@5B3E5:#0S4H'2@2B2)&31=00Y]=DC!1G"$#'RXFL[08[9ND?'L:, MZ^YVC'($2TM14PP4(,Q'11S@'7YC7%( &CV"* MA(X^-@ZC&S /293QK3@R&7$T.QN$'*3;VLA-R(JJ>:).-JI>L]!U]I".:2L' M"4RT^&^Q+ K?"G..C"=!DI"V6( -?DY^M>1UOP38=FMI"3980H#E\&9)W^VO M9/"3*.,5#7X;+F>^"*.J,NK:$]R;CA-F;].>$%T_%@QK-+*/:=61$ET[GK1! M*)@2MP_7&((LZ0!,)Z2 ;+NF':OK 2/*Y,[8;3HVA5.7T,Z4 MH^%J) =OD,WX3RT5ES*H39E'! W=[)3!0R.,B D53 VYY&P?4ABN M;0IXE(S3T?N,=8F 7P@$?U2=!TFV9?2TH>#,P0>>ZFCK!XOFN%D.W:Y(+$PX ME!MK\IDP-C#XK*-J]JU$BM^;YXZ)IK-8D'?G8PA5C]8DYHM$;Q= 87S MU9DYUXT-\S&M_6@ H",0AY+MLM-1U5 QU697OW@C#: M+0F5KD;7U=*%5=\S^6Y)F_+/TT'#P55VE. ..Y- MY%TXI?' H?-^V"DK9;U LWU_A >%.#RIXV)15G##M!XMZY2KPS6>>![QGH77K;2 >Y S_1T:Y: @(A MW[@1*5-]#6VR)(BZJ="*=G"+OBD ?U7\3,I[CU5R :/;\&!?C6N*L#>-@V_3 MR-RET3>[](S\ )!4X6\2$W7S(J> MSP7;:3+[L\H![5S>GWTU([*MOWH!G2%$!#"6^ D),6]AH"0[P0 K[(AD'?M'8*6D1R6QB =BY8U/.!L=E0(%7$!\VC9V+,, JTK@,(_W&*5 M$VY0:]: >(B0PNW6B[?;V\%T:[(5;)RG69I(IOLF::TPFPOH2#=9 MI;2.7DL/D]Y9Y.HGQ'089T0ECJ*X]"JSJ\V!P@!]- XY@(Q[*!]-;+=&)#8C MT685HK?$.7N+)T*1YWT]9*_PD+\>UC=@R;5"U;9.@=/K=Z_5I9 W)5P"6&=1GNY*Y(+#?FX@\Z M&/FG[XM288XE[@H.)M=U_MHM(^39TAKZ$O%N@SF70%!W!U0GM_@>J'F_]BZH M;W>E^\!'P2I="#7M>U"'6*MD(=OF!FK8-O]PBVP;YO6 K5X[:ZO7W Q(GQ>Y412^NHG M6!$V>$\N;Z[ M0K1P^OMULVO85LM;>4KV)X#O]39S6Y@:NJ:LT2GO#/W@_HK MN+;A6U/):II?\0:F!FK)'G_0=-]NW>85W C9JU$XBZN83Q1G>RD)[P.TM8H; M,Y0LTR)")" HDUX2=.68^ 3JZ)AGJM:]_A_VRTR JFPASE8%6,M42^+8;%D\^\!@)GJK0?@@F'Q9N)B'NCZ''UMJ M8H$C/Q;8 1GL^*EO'3KB(T)6GS,1$Z_@)L]]SZ+"( >SP0"V'($9HUSBBC4* M.8 $31_B. G!!I +@:%B;7OTS0S ;O'J]X)?E M^Z7NQ'7J8RG=I6$Q9$ 1:'Q=A$'EZIZ?;:N)AF2]>?ON5-MSMU\>(ZS!0$53 M:\>O[+BI.2>(\@-]!L(!54U; 6A)WS#.4,_]),PXQ2O$"GZY MD4HYH)!KO[@H>"'QXFPV+0976FYUE:!PF9SW73B 3PX3G8[6$\#W!VNK>[:V MU=V-E!WEB"@%K.]S2%RB-C[-I/.#K""H: ;J;'(99:DN0#GA M%BD/.];PG ;M^=G6]LLFU8LH1TL(W](E5);KH NK1Q!:%%IYCC?^&>=R.A%(R&,,)KL MHIBKC7&ZE@:OXWN'ZVCH$&...C'L>(Q1^KH:FZO5DQK/ =F)PAT'UQ?72G M(L+-R$V/E*/#Z$S]OF#@U5NS\#W+KT#DU/24.9$ZKDNT"3 -EAI.8K *=4S;INTX+RGF%F(A?Z%*G%!=R31X@,RVB?V*W&BT7H?7F7 J4 MT78U=&S>KVKH35LKIXZE"%.I0BQN0AA$4H7XGLBZV@Y:D?.=++2KP)8C" SV MEN&QJ-U:$Q K8:9NI5Q!VJ?)!% M?0&O(/N"$UA$=FB3Q^@T0N4#K,&N=*'\@MGA;S"&0 2-V MW3BF,>L/1\7+2;\E%5U)-3ZJS3F4"JG $#?U[ ?X3QQ M[*-9QN;4!4.CUL4 9H748AL-TPBLG"^_>3S_O_\_]AE3^@G?_G MC^DDS2["9 LF\H#M7,_7=JZ[N0)1UH(SYV@&-3E]'H*=+E3)CF B+O(1&.\* M(M9\-^9[OS8E/.Q-5 9R!GMAZ;$1=$74VJ=Z26S^W4OCV:0?A0V*"0 ,ZXO7J6&2]9=I45;AA-_,S1$E:6R6@0H&BP@'.,6,N C>6?8+8-$"&:QNE!J4V>W2M'WB-4B$VF8V6DY3=?RHR:#MWSAO=9;PHY ]VR(8 )$G;0GQG).O.LNJR(AMV"@'F0&EP M0/.K23^-V4B6(E("PEJ%Z& *4%@GQ5TC_DLP7&@P'"U$)>+E9@P"$@[3J8!U M&UG;H#]32 M' ]Q2&%U@9TL M:QVEY=RCO@;JO#)P7M&5%3]RW-O0NL5).>.UUDXS:X0NAZH[?G B!JQGR1O! M)9U+A S:((WJ;5[(97X76]R M7%]=:(,'+UL*%,!I.R*E%WOGK6C9A.VASP8U:EZ3Y]7S\1Z!!%P]K3%H:"@; M=X)L1A7OG$*MB+,Z5!0G,23F+O]6&4$0@3")#S02* 48_C%+M .:PX'9(!E) MT),3J42FSHY7"Q:=4JZ.+W;,3X3*(+-PI$ ]]"$ASC>;>Q"88$2 M[8JC()0XG!A571,07FNSC"9)(H@I!=:1P"LV&,Z0].$T##F G\!G,6Y4?LZ+ M%%&+\ SP'3'*HP%KCL/1PJN:7'F-\K%?,J+Q+!:*_O$^M>.BY[NNDS+8HKY M@CC#$+920(&I&->H'-R 5OQA)-N#> OP[E0EL&R1.*6Y5 G^N4D(7'03"'&5 M4IOKW%9 I*@^> S("DK_# R$@J696:,F!'H 9LZ$68:^(49M /> &P4-.KK#&::8WS%%RJA7Y M +0=2HFA.W/([CDL;0-4*3[L3(*_?7-$]SF9"AT#IMQ4>RD-K^.&#[FP]5XS MS[9WJ.X=S9OBSOU.=@*GU9\=J+31;F$CC>\NQ6PO]J]GBN0IY P ?)L M^\D04Y4YQ%Q >W0QMUP,5^\ M& M@_%Y=DO)F"^C(NF=4L:Y?P9*6;A$M5'*,*%WCBFF-J=)[T7$Z0L43>P6FB,; MS;7T$!9/LBC_I@F"8FORY2C[V?9&M+GQO+Q P4@TSEW.0*E0 PJ#9ESIPIE)5#F>I1Y[2PIDI2XY(E\)HMTYV M/^TQ[C?%6H4^,@/W)R?.52HE\3\Q!?]DE,KN,7Q_H@N.XQ?3*2@=A1;8%&MD M!AS9G=B%,[%;6.V:566[]C +OW/];HJ3@'\Z3R5IRT[F,ZK#YGZ0H8Y_?@^\ MQ35%5IU&\-=JI[:,R6H=D)MM@ "A(LB2JFAP5/]I9VX,'DP7M;F)->-:=*;A M E]T^U1.PJ;$T(+PA4JP9-L/,'1C0#K'"B=^AX*!%_#&%]XICS;KHCF7JXZJ M?L"2%)HO\6T-DN$XZI-:XY3[E1M[J1F\>?5B(7=_OOW263B[RQ)82\ P%?1TB1#;0:NB9BMEG?8"J,4ZL7"@$X@\A&4*W0\+.-KLNLR:(RH"AB:X;K M*^()L:(0W(T_'"E)-, 0*RUVHW9/&%FB MT*AUPG#!2V)&,$P_8T8$/8PX@]/\C\/#PT8G\_7Z,UM*7CQ2%Y%48C/I8_6: MY- ^.3L;IX>Z7TSEX\QKS:07$>:KW[D/.ZSX:1IEWA[% ._UT (71 M,,P? O;79!E+&AURO;I5FC)*%ND;)5HFXI?0"*A\\H6AA.VNE@3.Q^D$IW"J M9I2^G/."ZFEF#G1O^55J4")P>-BY.\74@.H1PC^0%V&SA1 > 5QJW 6 B1\ MW;ALA%:O#'DQP5-4.Y7@BMF]: \3C\/MH M%ML:M\N'/^HD"XSTDU H8X,US=447G,L:= YQ]^H4" @.J=UX/P9=O" !?SVRY V(4Q!\*%^! );[(ML,%;;53,=B0;/B^CLPUUQ7!;%WY.K'Y;$%"S*:YVNSQ,[ MYZY?M&]HY";.F!42T(M,>I6_KCH;5&X!6EI,#=.]8 !_]3HE1B=MY/5]Z2J6 M4BTRMY"+. O>>K0M. \PXO"H849[P=U.)I S'+A?2.@58EG2 $C265_0 M&+TA8*35T-1DH(LT2:\WCZ &]&0VU18,' , +@0#0IK^AZQN?ACVI1 M7C_:20H\\:LF0(I)N Z'QM;+BX26MXSS&*B8K^1 +TE/@,?(%D8-I $Z-J\IBH-8! MBY?/6"/;Q-K6 9=S;K +\8Z]-$GX)M-'QT+\6P(FCU:( M=X""90M JPYUY?@\ B]&V79L9&XG G%XNQ M:CAS%]&MYRY H2G.# $]*^&L(9YB#M]WH#$$3E&,VB);HI0.,T] _TG;LJ\(%!HB- R"ZX7-=[ %FTRY^4D>AI( B3GDU,' M+V5,W/&XH8X9_E$8\$9W9DA30*0: $-V@V$TLI!)>> $: *3###RI>=8*@CWS!_?'8!DB !8S P;HGVX0&,9"%'L-ND;12N7=DE'D ;W5A8EDZNQCC'SJ@78+BJQCQ%2F: M-1Q)BPC8+"41*9(Q(J40(I/V*7A;E,J3,=I8PO".$\F=@U^IMF::J S#CWRQ M;I,U&S:'4X#6:(;)^VX&!EE31FZ"$!:JD=]$\S(I/TXBKY>Q.U=NQ64#8MWH M^G'#NKU1E \HCM0$R2.T7VP#?B0]F0$$, 0,XNUW\O71B13Z,+-&@ZM#,#> M+@E2NY3X6Q;5:A.-(S'+4+DH_,W6GM(TX 1RS^G-']*AWW#@ESAPO MBO;.6X/Y\;\^GNZ6JG# -T:/D$XQPCV7!%3!(, =-VK1*==L$5IH/'#M(/. T;\;"OYRR M7^Y,:;7>P3[7I:)IZ$):489BQ=!)[(:T9RQ*UG%>,7,5(9,MDO@6[Q+\Z%KU M?8[R@,/37J_M $61T.9G^P5G MNJ-!!9DJ&KXSX:L(Q!MS 3L;J$ZUVY)'617Z6!&%ZGZ MH08SYE.,'U.J) ^Q(-4]1YR+@O+\Q=)%-W)@GONN"U.6 M)A, "39 .85KV**$'%$;391U>X\$/V.S8CES@# M1.2&1#!IK$?Q 2\$UC#/CG&[9II.]J *-@TQ#V!+9V' 7'#R*KM%A\FXS/S"PN1&)\.S='JL/"JP1G@>*KO#"91ZLO% M\*BF-V*SISK$RT:Y-B0[B2-@3T>,?$%1D #.EQ"?ZL)@=>Q)32ED$ZJ2ZD[: M+1&4+)B__9YA!J7@GQ\"Z)6(E3?JLU2LM($UU13'XVKYJV.E%!UD:OSE&#TB MCA-[,=B@U E'VIO7G6GG?J=>P/,"3J,=)]8=XCJ**T6==$R)^*T7E";40ZPT M9[R:S#X[!OA6!FQPS76\P7V@U'F5-OU":%)J%T.=.-WA/@Q]$;"K!ZU3FD0- M,FR3T_G4ZYU4&8,#A^IKP%O;SS?"S8Y3Q(]1Z-"+8.0L? ^R&)78B+MY[F"RV#.PADX")V 6BCYKI/LQ#!9SR N R9Z0VGEIA$3ZR)^=@.2QA F7KL,CXZ/EE5 JN 5CHV5*D'\8$5D4HJ&EQK2#F@6C95L6S%XC_XWPD,V= =!" M&Y)$OW2?(_:JFRIO(PWC88+1-/NQ\&S^/!GO#--'X.ABE*:-\K8I%5[7:..A M;081)=.T0T!,3JK&]51"K55&.;"CG C068" ?#110=9&+P3+MT%^4J( D8,W9 M] PAK*'( P,&^'* M+6(!$$9G?ISC8+!&! S_4="X@=023D)W8S7-_ZF6LTX!^$ MY&2, "A=2F4@#V_1Z=IX36N,'[[X)\( ,?J#SKZ=7.Y@OH7SXI0(*:U3#K% M6E2QFG&%0?/'$*.8*+8M1^-.7^5%*I7AY-]X3%F1,NYS1 1.XZO!. ;UD#/4 M^]%TK)(K_.G:- ^0[YZ@M,U9'MC2*)ZE61K&WZ[BP)T:K!'L\T6(P)Y10I9Y M60>,/44-M[16O *URZG1B4+7E5_C#J\ "C>IKQTFR$3SLE_B-@*QWH @B&'A M]V!ZMQJ-)1-K?E[:WE,3/ONPYV;O$]^*X-@/',"+= 8BP @"Z8/211C\?9@Z)MP1W+[HE5Q4 MT+%PN6C>U_3"8;1&IT,!*N2\ HG^)YRQ3&G@.B 0^7 M&Y%_E4OFI,HR9G2L:X.HP)*MZ=?5K]W$!5NR@K5$F[8A,'D"5.OF#Q?F=J=8 MH,$@H\H%7@["]6H83MGDK)1&'@[_F'%=C!Q3/+,$0XD[Y!_NAX-ON3,DO;MF M$1 1(1H*(KPSFXJ,W,.MR*6VC50OU.,QK:4&_AG#QU22 \5 H'@SH*R[8Y-0D>12@B4Q% ;U2Q)#7@U MI[6Z]%[&* B/3?9#,"!_C2/L(9B+0]!V+5HD+8^38O%)B=S1GU3H6%A); MV!,+SQ'=QE_F'L".A6@LG=32NDG=&&, 5%MBKO\U*C+;B5/:YUH;K M&UI]('A7>]%C13>?N)'TVYNE-*C2^XS;Q]0U2NO+))\8,$*,K*O"OW.)9FT+ M9'8/:XRO$(-Q4OLUZ4BZ5CE#RZ9=U)Q1K0;;1"X[#3PZI:E C\(H%^! ?'2=G MG=!]ZX+6M-/P9Q$V9I)C*@B8^SI8EV0TQTOJ;!8NN(53\DKB4K@,9_73%)HV M$F"-,'5S4]6;K>UG#2=N'7(4*.U2?HNVMZ8-. SDX0H='-,JJ%ZI^ &LQVM=WM7X-.1B0'@K/#8'/PC3/-CWP\?I MYU#7YUR 6=4H4^)E;K GRB"$F M(&9D L$9=1U?_J1NQ= K2%7?.=80YTI M-..HM#@6"%,LA4Q7Z! A+:WU!Q/KPPSM>21LZ$:4/&' F(W1VY2C/>GE+ M>%>9FH;1T,!!>#G_]X*'\PK 2ULE\Q)#4RL-QN/:X M,;7.8P4=(0@,5G+X78G*S0CR,E3V7IB$PX@$*H*KW SRZ(>0%_,(H^EP_ O9,^>.3?N!Y $);1)@ N DC6__E:^5645"B EV:9] MPA%GS[1%$JC7K*S,)Y^'$;6X0"TPWIZ, (Y',L4>A).U]X7D]OVU3"4&>4FD M2;3LM>W7I9AI?#O8PU1?_]IM99V;$DLOR6[V?)'8-JF)"[I?N0?[$YNZH!S. MW$!+N;/V08Z8T^^LTN_NCAN+8A!KLSV>T#YYW40[&:S! W;@ 9FYM-7L)U["4I9])(FAUW M9@[%J7L6. 6_5,OY"GYIWMS0T]^Q@JWG6)&WJ KT#,RBDK ^%$JG N%\-#RZ'Y*_&+,AC=16$YQF)S'. BK9%'2P M(&(",$BXM/.@(4FKO!QOK5R485YKY=Y4D-^KZ_6=]*#\0G_5J\"0M(H5'W YN3[JR2..]HIP]?C($9(.G,%.S,D6PF/L=FG,0"TN/V2JQ@LLZ9%HIR>@4F MZ[)9R]O::Z#:QSVQW;-'Q7;W,P=_W\RO $CI#N.G^TYW?'KF2)/[GH3 M5)$64M+[N/\UP/=;+-;V"B&4Z@'M:C[*.S2\6\V%?C YGFD038^Z39W-/:4&8.X=F'4[AO4D8>! E=--*!9L. )K'"H:"=XY'?8\F1I+3);O"-[0JA#I%N GKO%CAP^:= M+)LJ2+)U,9E>M%%')V?>:_.?RTE !++GN7J42E)X-"M=(H0E+JUWAJDS;]B- M1VP95]KK4 M)/2DN@42N1 !J01QAQ-5L ,$J@WD'4F-)10T5Y8ZNRVU>A>"YA5Y?==5 M]5;0>KEI%)KK,0U.AML+#0N Y8K]:Z\>(-\3W0S9@"\YAVG+JFO\EK.#U8'19C#1765JBGZG>F7/&##([= MBC)$6E[!!N1H()_\9GTO45"GD$JM3A[KY"AV,:FLL*8K3&S\:*,:C[U%IDV3 MW[@\-?"E*ZU@'V-D?-.!2+"_9)2''! %5A6;)-P=+;^I'LGGZ?Q(6PK"KO#W10J*ZUN. X9SB],(#+BK8J5,TCS*/+\6EZC )_^>(^ M>C_N,]48!AUB=(_C48>0B0-COE2/STF+F58GMN"3"= 8]JL*Q6>\TPP*TKN5 M.*-@EBP#F1Z_BU(\KMPI)SO9CT Q:_797B?J)J\S\KV*:C!^8 4YKF=F MJU?+@F2QWJ+[\R*?MCQ)?- /S' [U&1#YCWVX/(:>_[\U=L7IY:& M[:V'O I4]=5DT#=F2VS(H5D 1D*S.S#=&SN3IV]G+? MF_;LMS=YN=M!F9EN:5)!9#.LZO8J@]OT'-)JL X(R;$TCTW-326?PX?7=VO8 M\ ^0&$"5.5** %U*3$D&BE*P&B#BL MPA!SH)D#B'[$;*164@BAA1B"R%9=@M(LT(#F 34B5=4P(6T)S MOLO5#>_$?/,-;FT#GL:^^V5+Z#JV/K6%XZ -Y5TC/1)^\;*C##Z^I>)B2JTB MCQ>0T%,YH=O*NC8+!JS7'9//N*3:D'[IT0&+\T3).#D@1-6WM="2 # EEA'* MW)/Z 8>7A$;(*37H%(@5 /'0 M5 NT9=1Y^"^RL8YL G[#_($/:I*Y3IBN(L"$D*:6+KE3R][5Z%!VGB%RGN$) MU;9S8LTAS@ J_J=NU+V+[OB@:I-?HV[[@I8$$DOGW M@G8L#>/ *6'/A%\V[J>.&&D\4C]& BI;\KO;BKLB7\R:Y MJBLJ@(?ZEP:H.HF5".]7YJ=;TRYE53Z!+T\D\1(>I3+7WM5+FZ4D9I7V/,,] M#' TQ1YW@"[?D@5,.Z&;-.E;YA-"^/ET&9I]2$,A+V^SM=NN;BGH[\2NO[$Y M0." T],MIQ[I+ =\;UM6 ([&LZY;%_9N"<>V>K)"P1M>_K(+;K+E)G >%G?_]E4(L.I4\64N)A55R6JBLWS;(D\0^&*$8VP%19S,;I5 H8\U@Y; MBO=3^G#B&WXYVJ9-SAE=&SES+?0P :N:JP-N0GV!3V .C_^SX/XGH5_H_)9=L MD3"$R.[42 SQE(XY;REZ7^-2E7@0L&,%>='EE.YC[L#>J!^$Y;MAOWVYT%%1 M=CJCA/: QN=9FIP _WF56 ?E"^:L6BG,Z"ZN6JT585VUNW32LL>'SQO DOC4?K)1"L9+ST M(\5XWQ\='1]DDX.GB%T[OWAU>9K:HCD418:"$#JP$+3B$;($7^BYU^-3]=+N M\K@Y)N1M/[[F(+\3K_#8F,8C;P02&(!HO6-$_,M:(7$)M[1ELL?%0%>_\6C@ M\O>Z*I\X!)W A>&X3A'/W)H-!Y*)G=R M#.5B>W1 =^J_4WIX] !TZ>,\582]C,'K?[V\>!Z%= HYE1WX-?2P9 !E_IQ^-X\-E[$// M$"9[;F-@+7S"(+FUQ@L;]'=[:L-)\JAT]% CHR0[7!VFD:*.U!L[Z'JQI:J6 MZAC"=T_KZCVM 15,L] M72!1=(FO$,RTV-1P:'I#&W,W98BAED37O=F ) WM[>'97Y[9Z;?3-UA53O'W3F:5)ZSS^XJ!85^ ^$_21[RDM_!BVBZ'BA 0)NR 5C.C)H2I(+\ B'6UOLYE#YX"%ME#'Z5(BCS38B_U1>N( 6% L\1@\S/\6ZT$B@/\PL-_."56_@#;8@ MV[Q5AZ'&(_=4N)\4^$UTY8-G,[XU_Y#/((B6.CAB&A81 8,2[_V 7.J4N/3L4!-"2'0#FPI73 %4+)!!4']/1'&9 MWV#:6*^[CE!>L(/2 BVIR7);JCO"[!BJD#")8)SKHK:KSB/8M Q=0]"Q?@ MNE7KC[&, VO0L^&!D4ACZXS!P!;D02-);#MF3F@Z0WMDK46W@"-Q=1; KZ + ML-1'3%_+)X>0Z@:9_2%T\4_&[=OK,H_&? %@"N9M9 H$^L?TLW]35G"KNE77IL(FK*F#CJ;P[O#Q\0O+K X0%Y,!'LA M#K%"'!8181+21\ %T-H*+_!>K (4VT/-:[[:!^Q4]I,@6! AGB 77N)3FEJ[ MC_P[?#-813M@T%T :+:K M47;Q0)O\ :>,_[&F9\'2@-\H"-H4+.]51G&V#)81$OB)/0#V^Y3/:5:'FH3[ M/V!^,G/V3LW9.YZS6#96D8'#K9QRW/!?D'NKEBD5'!#/>@ALC4PI?AO3P*YL M6 _B?B>3>!0^@DKS3X='WQ_,]JW2K'H$N 6H*7]\LND+ZQHF W\C-1N$#/1O MPQ5]BU $4@6] 8 KI?P0MU:9BM)P.3;2^*FQ)+X?>X+>Y\-KWQ:.>% _W+60^A1(G'Y\[PT M!VDK(M1WYOPTYRS?5'3-'M[I%%R&0!]=F%".QZ5 O! *T&-)VBY;3TGREX?9^IA2$0) C>0T6VKV?O.A>_ !O7.29Q>-%:: MU,/L1>JC%A5$]' 63"O-]=ZLMIM OWI9KU: 0Q64]D?O0!,, 78;#/(RR+?P% [IX: M[ BNX);;;*9_J!(26UO:^ A2C)M*3#G>.M22JUEU+%.BA(3L8-*?GXY9,ZZG MC8IL'D,_9LA$1$JD&6Q6&0*Z6AJ9)+*PEMN7? ?T5?E\69C%- CKQ>]R?J4K94N73/"=BI:#='#JJ MUMI/=3='I9Y.F]K)W7B/B?B_"!$FK O*L-_HXEV5;PZ>Y Q09!!+L3X09T$X MH$)A6PEC*JFQ!5U7%,"0@#GW&S*>NDGAF^Z .Y%N,YN!TG*("F.Z-W6%RX$(P/_P /38_>K>[ ]S)A2JK,@ :7-&O1W;A%E-\;U[>B '20:Y,1KTBVZUD Q2[:UX'>OL1CK[YX[ MEJB.J_OGS]]"X#JAT90 $!?63,T*,"Z@7&-TZ3ZQ;:A8@YP%00Z9P M!YP7&7MV>/3]SWOHI3D(#CY,C*DTGA#3'OY@C,^MZ P?$;]*"TYN*" =O@'()7H,S*E8 M7-.H,L-,*;JG,^.5.X6?R$M!.X$3FMP?S)J",8$ #FF-] JB@5AQVZJ'J(R"OPW)LP7@BI&&?Y\76IC*-Y^E9( MOAGY)V;H-1\XCTZ,K8047U3Q%?NZ0"'#4V[_Y$XXRKFM,D@YH[$F\6FF+D*/ M(Y8K4]QQ1,0 QCXGXXUNVQW;8!IDV,\JV>K\ M[8 J>+KIT=T AVZ+F'SG2B!*%K2HC!=%! T" \@\&#<>7E13V4@30 283M>[=XU'^)U?3D_?_/S9 M(V#&763^2+(=]B1 A$*OW;35C;$3]K:JW]M##3\U&UX\ZJ+A*CQC@S8E5=TQ MLKC9H!NB#A0+;EM"X(VP+%=UMM*'3E,AVY6%A$"!*0-+N.JWV \O+*7 M1]6529?1?LNZWX?3F$^2/T2W;DD.CS?Z\J%/=Z+C%65R+G?N%]Z=VW.*?SP\ M.CYX/]E'%\T="]8]H_[_7>%57QB2:>4_GN.(7"7C1SVYA8R&1W&$KB59'0 H MNKM1@IX 8?=@6:\F9O'/'/*[004A^K=I M+_01"4,W>JYVH " M%PO.O/ KR(:V4]0[&[%.[&/37LN5W7,@Z$ V'12.*=9R,EO8]HC94,TUF&#& M$J3'/\A9G])=H,X6* '5\OGACK46*I0WB#1U5Y.46+/.Y$1U21A" 9)>(C?) MP^;[QQ1=?B"LLX$(%]*TFU4!/7N"5W7-:[C@RY-WE_(X$P51BXXHG6?2B'U, M73%QL2OG@*TKLZ,*W@6426,J10F2#0T6)K\L*S-^V3[87$V+S:JA>,3G[^X? M$VR=JQB#_B'%-+E#E*>O:K8PE:Z#0U.0BNU)K76@7*+8(%]H.TYO,1[YK'\] MQ@-O%9Z[ Z^QB28;)8;,8?-XU-!#;I&A ?^$6D^_^& MR8PFCD#K9!)A/!PM#.^.HA:;C64G3K$;,6$(8".":65X-/UMEPGR@*Z?_H,C M[".$/TWU@PNK%Y' (Y(*D/ 'HX!J%'A5_- 'Z672\*:>#%BQ,AD=A"B1Q MWM,@"XB%A/E@VQRO]55=;=8D$]8E .D*#B ?,M9^$.OF@?_Q-A[:X#27:U/XAF?%!* FE.?!:@ [8:A ME.JVE"K#A>;(//I/V1VD^W=3H5^WENI/^.2?]+?+*'[(ZU+$?'BP\A +L>W[ M"=>YL:L=>"5 85J874QV]5B0E%*I"'?;.R K?,9L?- MH 1M,.,4_DN9\=5#$G1@^E+!K\> $81>79$_"M!$LU:NKL6D\ B$,/Q8:T&@+];O]%YP9S?;C KI!3']2&BPW M' MPG MZ3-_/%V9>9AE.O('95)FR=-]*ID6RZ6Q,@YZ@_$\%:^;9K/W2E=WL3&>$\7= M\;9%M[LMKQ]R;3_/J$W[1@VO?5=2G!WKQ'@D@Q@?D^1!0T(7Z6B3>G]"R!A8 MF$^:-3 'PR4$CTLLLFOT++>*_NEUQBC$WUAD"KB((:1N+]GZVW^#^F(HH1R/ M[/ N M]$X?'2P,F9H+G:=33$G5J"H_^JKF$+FFK@0[;?YT^5_9:OWS&TV_P@!>U7!. M&".Y=+C14[JYY_Q/CW\'[DC>IUR8OJ4/L@&8*A,&(,LZ[4=-R=-3U8D)MQ/B M*?:-!W4N &S\MZ-&P;([KOITYLQEIX=CVY]G; Y"M8!J\)NVJQ]^B%F4&Q1.]%LZ7/ MM?#F0P2G_0@IA=.GW[UY _ [J;*\NY3FL^BZ7_7M[R=)$ ,]AKD8TMY"@GQ_9XQ'C[%6 MG9VQ_W-K,=EAB=U[.)T1(J^H.Y"/LOH]X[C797DUL>*;3]BQ4QBG'=RX[_C. MRVZDQ,]W\A;-975'#]I'LJ ]'&BV?;G"D AARA[Y#Z7$LP2/V97?S77XF)" MY!>$\#M X\/Z[F].1:H'B"';K(E M 8II.M! =(Z8K;_X _,UUG5"S0?4 MG2Y 8]0CN-'1' 7:!AQO+?*$#(4".5Z(Q'DSCE-LU3LRKG^$I#A+]Q)PHEXO M-_22#6E'$A)E45" $.*DSJJ_N_R/9TX5??\+__T$^$=CT0JUWGG $0[ZWF6' "\]AQ> X9%,*"6FTI8Y9;+5!K!C] 86&J>2/V$-! MI1 Q+-;TQB8XMEI6O%JB.W/P5(/;4?SP,O ZA MC: M+B^X_TFJ/MYY9Z%@]SCP: #A;!K 27 ?X"QP MG0^U$SVYGEN*RQ18>((+ ^$YR'X^O_#D^]#/MP#ER#GR!4SW_TQ@KPI7I$8= MP"RDR9L*#X9+X[(MT:7Z5UX"N-0LC.0E(.#,;\Z,$37+NW1/X2DK);MF* ];.A"9@D6 0!'(#R OS80C9@ETMREU*&+6#,SS,/H,2+]MD_:GM+QKNP M.>!C@YK%I3U:B^9]$^+F10_'@0W0% >H*&P*QBF4H8L@ZX3OQ5'J+(&^SB"J6+.R@1[\_/I&0W%DUSSN?/STZ +)OBZNKJ%=:_2ER\W*-17;[DBB[0K#4IH%&X**JI-" M+3MP,^"2.\._417#WPZ/GR4'SXY_,N[0I>B!":H/N]=,_([C16"-O5]6F6C@ MTIC6YE*U8"EU_ LJO)GOE4!-QR/ 1QW MKW]\[O'PP^0 Z9.;?T4*GELY/>;2GR \:\?'(V-SK8HJGFH;4F@NT\97S#T)EYK,FXCYYD ?,4"KMNS"CX@4=/8$Q2>"*A?%Y%. M==C_9=%"!!%,NW$4S++."QSRX1^DXE)@Z)7:X?1"Z." N%->%G B;$HF7=L! M8 CP)HH#"-HD+Z]QD:7HASQA>F*U(^"]4]J) XIC*8&"P+G]_ M>9$FSYQ@[9E9/ME5Y:1JR;5Q\ _WZ!+E?JZ> 'E!V &TC@1-_35 M KK"T3-[VC[HJPWJ'7\+ZCVNBK. !0LYWLMBM39N@%LL9A>9 M2_K.NR@YN-IYI_[^^I7WCAV>CY1WUY*!;*W,+QY.N EWN\-*F =J(JH2/9]Y MT9ASLMVO9,D#M&Y8D#TJ=C.= /ON7ONSQ'0"IGEV4;#$0]O*A[[AB#&I+>$_ MV(=2X4+'S]&A":#J8(@BHV*JQ(C-&8V29_!?$@T$(:HK3+:@KSPWGGY5._9> MOA40K"MLC$H []4=-B[J#2@F>>'OY\;Q[- V I>E#!$O"74F>8T3Y2P(AY7&U Q$\L$C.RZNE:>B#N^T_YAY=G#U^^@%:XG41$K4\ M\S9G"V ^7EO:"7]Q9:1/J;#D4?=H[OYQ]_9 MF.JG^Q^O./1Z'[MLR77>L6>4^%]\_,XY*@8!)Z0>:FD\FO&Z(P%)-BI:/(W" M!X&'XS7#?ZO [C0"RGE&%.T*;[WACST6!N WQ6I:X>FXUT(XN-7*'!]YA%,W'#L---]- MR8QO&^C3W0;Z^>X#K7^;NBG*9&@7!-#P^M'$.D*4T/]6;WYIX^B7K>1#^;2D M10@^$0 &WXLVN[U61 O*UL-_4WV.DY."BX WI,M-! +R U[T(F7%U_"9KHT M5]J\C M2?Y)-Y;92X@*UO%H^QL[JKGT=W/*V5V>E?[7AK9-OX:W'A;<>8;=I M!R7. )QYLE_0[]AL_X#SGKWD9L$%RM 8J8DPW*:_ WY)2BXO\IEKB?W%. M^_S#N@+4MQ3 ; Y;=K(*DO>7E ..L:#_?GNDO[,#!KGMJQ8"=CUM3*Y1R-/EV95E!3+/W.X?[_!C+GC%L_T MC2UXQ9FR'JJ?OJV/_/ 2[#I /.*_W^O">WEQ/U\/QKG?0Q>'?,A]"Y^ *A>A M:]CQD+? BS''M1U)%GGZAXIV*PO5K(U"]M-MNWS1-+WG2A4 MRSDR@+ X2??=>I4Y[%_Z@J 7D)2IIW'"-S?\:_2?2*HC:HA[U$Q0QXM%#1:2&A7ZMR#F>=W7&# M#? ;T@9V!Q9.2; M_9M"IE8*B.554!P5ZBUX$>WYG,'![)H,&F.,JD[SK&Z4U(#Y?P1NGPKCDG\L M$'RG&Q%B,+U*%HY'ZTW=;"#,84;%2WZ?'!Y_ORT\@X7DT4_W;8\9'=@95O[[ M>/3+LII"S0)B''$["#(5:>(97,C?>E7.#FTAIG*0*P) $$Z2:VK%"NVS\\9G M_.Y7@%H")8.YNCN;$3V:LKH&VT*A\SA% Q60H0Q0&*6;YZ/"JK6^0@QV]_ MM;&KI]]B5X^+7 W/'-%GF;?/>C'-E#AVY M5II;!)8_/?2IOVZ,J[7EJ6=0JI71*J(WF-X.(\@=V8&\B 7EEU"3!2@ZN>3_ MX]HAI?YWM@9/YOK?UT667/",+))W[VLH%DW-]7UJFO&J!BC!ZZHV-OH?9D ZV:5,LO7MP /BX'.JVP!0'T'E\) '=&?S%-G;-M0JL,>G&J=3L$+S^U7>* 3?"WA#;'(4M"E-;0?/2=[A=#] M$/"I;T86_D1_">NW&V'-S:"8V\_,)VUKK,$C9V>>)_EJ:EH'1#6L\IA:*$/. M)=YY:4[A6:P"T8RWN3+I,"4N.6=*-"$ G/C2F[/M(!OR_ _#PW&>_L]R#A]]K9WDIJJZ:%64__J\U,,/^'-TSR^P6 GH7V*OO9^JX"= JT$F MEF#Z";0)'':+>JS*)2+]^.@BSK;Z!KMJQ0G-) @%&7CF5;W*:\U7$N$FX41F MLUFVF0/4.SHV26YY A.6(3-+_.6Y3QME4?,#[C^3SXD 4V!"?530T)X\06%?N/0HF5 M=/$P46:O7E!PAQ%K7ZY"8$/ZR\(ZM5_#%51(K.[9RF@=%Q&E'2(9>Z2*B2$L MW?(S=Z#$RM!0!\EBL^$J"5L+545WJ?[:L>W4D(/\ ^-&NK ]\?T;G"NQ!>LZ0LED8+5%=0TQ=TU8C+O:CQ?L.J M-UP*07!-OU$30-LP0-V\\@K6.-&>R\D"V$U@VT2C31I:02#BY,@Z"_&Y?I$O M,I"1,'V4ED-5);W&K_S# +#E)+W/N" ?) M8#/BSUO/9'P13A.UL>-J_/W-;XBE2\Z0\AFYI\:CUX>GAS9@SSII"F 3^ M-7N;Z&%FEL7.K#RLJXV*82QY A:=>0(_!%?A%V%?!^.SN*0&ZD>.GATFIY&E M:&U@;W72GOU3@6WT1&O/_O8R&)*^0*UY5OOOO,:DQ1ZGTS$71V_57FD5X?W, M1T\L=N]T8]J#DW1A;.43--^_U%4#" ];N&;L(7)\OY4*CP-ZZ\D$])[Q;I XG?)R 2_R+P%M1-Q*3T= Y%BR=MK>I. M6R&[QUOII@;,)FW+:C%!Q MH"E6TL)OP/K?D-8P %91,'-#00EC\# I@D 5(DQ,5C.H)!C[S, ME@1 ?S(NWY)(F]&.$8^F8^2YACAKE@.:PA@J]] M[E/;DMT23/XX2_QJ9XHSW7&/7 I-6F8Z51(-H7'W:+O0L*L-9*6 R?/V#J=)HIGN#T[87_;(K4$CB-FMX56+HC8M MPJ.,3Y:@F:G-\8N*5 >UHAKGI?Y_MH''-+FN;D$//.46+CB9XAC\#Z00& JN M#1F/;N_5E(;DZ:S!&6Q3P;*R-I>+BAL'SV(V+R#TW\FH>.D9R(K5X !!GL;9 M,/5[\J7!Q*'Z' GB"7@[>7_ZN,+R+I@\+UU7C;FZZHUC8]X M:F91%HN"XV);;E->\;0H"4@P2% .,[X9,Y+!VWRH$FF)@?;NQL:;%85GS;W] M-CA.L-ELK%>]1[2U@&P3F4U(C9#X#>21_ -]?H-D3 OH@>Q2IH'GEG4>QY MS'Y$J9-[7TJ&B73QMKDVA^*'8D7X\EXE,KB [$24I YG#.KC1I[9T)#(S-R_ M(UNO+6>_G:N>1BJ.]KM$B-[L,\4"OH0.;]OD3I5PSOQ:E)'KN3N[YP[=F'?9 M>+LP4'^,?6?LN5]DLF- QW4CG8A>UV-NC][*!L4X_QMU,O@)%N9T[V M+*2(MI3=:EK3'[/ MW0%0,2 2^+8L^T4U0XAE [!P0 M,W,H#ND\9>)O2CR5I&%N%R*>@>(V^#&F7"5R0Q:C\V2V%4.XL& M%,W4?#E7M@*;4>?%"C_8;T+ 3U:T*=]AP"![&OFHVSY]; .QF_ESQ2C\.[.\C%8#SR;N0=09"8XO.6 M>W1XZ>BI0!"(" &^K]W 35&@0&+Z^SN?F?OU5_F)G^^_-3GD 6:0 L6F*>%E,%"XQ-S[QHS#7ICNZ#X+HD+[!11\=B 84S*+/_,/F*AD4\%\,2M:,2X)H:>*E K\@]X^$$) MJAR3LE1QQN 0Z% ETR+UKBB(76**58(_,%(-L+=\\GJ%/02HE(S+1I7OUA7P M932$=N+[%7Q0-.#!41*FZX9^$>C3MW=K9;R0S;DDRF 5=R-*\C+:"D2;&$_ A!#/#]W]AWFN+=68 E;M:*-]J8&4\ T([)QH2*8?FA>@):K%.GAL^L,O%Q\-,D6 MY,D;9!(F0_ZZ.J3A_L$8S@.)RP&U;9T80X*,]'83 X[_#DR"5U\ 315B9=G? M>ZW/Z5/1BN,;+RY>F)$V1L?X"+#;#B0V1\00L- ) S8T,4F^G7BX_+L*6N0 '"$Z,NV="#1:;6MB%T%%&[JI MV$9P[*C/!.[S-"QM*5PTV10=->4I] AUV4)"N;-EO6]@-V'/V*]W);A_=0%7 MHXA[ Z"B4! +1I9#-;REY=0X%RC^KO012YZV#3=I"> M.,_5)J&E /\2OQCI3O"4AY\[QX=$SLQSV>H3:;O64.[Z[_ _UB;M; LBSUW ZC M8)%S%WXSQR:H,YPJFC(+#6T26RR_*#[@FC*?0+Q:]!@:J51>87ZE0;8W7W$0 M+CLUE>QX98XPC74V9R"F/YM.=$(1%>UY8N.B,CAY''T6,*B:/'J WSGZ-C^$ M[W6MXLZJ%D%PY, .Z@ M7-'. 5QXBP;*^^LYF0]C?/@I#4PR GC@(JFZ:2X L[J8DHF9+3,(!3H9%LY3 MS%GX>;_$ZV;:+LW10)=MZS8#1 (T2:T4>9QX]'O4Z 4 MFR'RN39WEV8%S8 E>G)T=)P @5_>K.9'B:_'F[7R+)!JN.C'Y\\ M^T$D(0YX1I -":0U?Y^UE4WIGOR0XDLG>SW?_DF 9F TACX%_;%%TX MXA/#!)P3E]LKRZTH_M8;W_) CL1&Z' ?+VGF;JHVMPDIJ31@6S*MS.Y'52LA M-4-&.. (.(_3764V@L.]L83EY=4N+#X.[?_@>2U1C+V",'G/77I:,-8>H M,&**ZI5J6ANCDM.CXMT3)\2-0ZR;?8*;0 7 MY#PW!QE2E++,.]5!K*A6TNUAB2X?_N,P'E]VM*UF=C)2974TL]P%N8R:L\\] M.@-J$8@I53Q[+1[/; (L1,?] +T^.GC3D"U; 6L#MT@H9^GPI#_B2SE(PD>R MQ"Q[^D'8"(*[ -(4.AA^ML3IC(_ ,(Q3?V8"](IQ:N$ V@U2D'8)O; MJ6#P>NR(P!!C08M'5@7X>8]:%\X5H1 ZT9'"%$-XYD[L";X=F-KI_?LTE/_* MRYZ@T7_=Y66H9X"#%F')0J#0'KH11N).#@%'>+:$BZ:M?/9 -EK?X-5?#T%- M 8I]KW[3WB7F*$_,6_8E?B-Y^>4 7J M/[0X['QWX".EKDIS-/*;.3O+/ZDI?XBW^E76S#9+U'!>Y!"&+REX5"+DD%I" M_;NMZKGD@OAY HWR_MCP7H.GZ _L7/: 6Q?FEF),B2/[OZZSQEQGZ!EPE%:; MEK05 XI@,A;;=!8&E7 M=0=$IUCO4WW*VJOT7&JH>%L=*-7A*C![?F+=PS=.8M.1-7ZZE5)".[;'_+CK M_C+:!E)O9N/C8Z@ $J(%AQ(+K3E@^6LJUD3DK)4)DG,GN=>RAQ[^.3 M9NSL.)IF&JD)9@B2G68!T[@;""_5P$^.W[!@I*T#QP3FNP\(8I:[(Z+G=FHA MSMQJ50KL:$W,D0YLIP>S"0^@=(L7BQ]*BV](L9/*4Q3F=OLBVA$4!FZ2;?.6 M.6;VSJ28]5[.H[S'?:R#;D''O\&)?U=5Q8)UG-$OR7>$*L:-*(0SJ"]UTNAM M8."HM;ZMIQ]UK)X%[LJWX2-Z%OC?(FX!'(NUV5/Q2;#&+MC0# BGI%%+=A!P M"]PS(@;&HQ1]>%PL"G9\D*O2-[LZ&K4\3N$!2S!^?/2;_SK_ A+3(;[9>:*'1ZOD>GYY0. ]B,Z/_\C#"-GR$[ -[G M*DO.LN6,C01[I5]KG/#9T; JWN6=PR705DPI'I^S M#YQ9$1;,@-8. E1D2QD9V8R^R2).B=XXH1[%(EO1 :7!X*".BI 26^L5FBSS]QR / MQFZ#(1@=('G >^X$RBL@-8UN*(JE48F%C=B4R"@&$1I@VR\3VGM$C@X#16$= M&L2=!HD)+8)AL4L/ZSG,BFYS2T4ZS9H"&]==>>A"P#M@J2J!66ZE;AR^83SB M^EI,U.=6H -VQ=+KL#K\,?(D ?/2(N- &/?/\'O,>/AF3?[[2UX](H)1OO-93)0?C+%L7X/'\"M7BXF24 ME0RKG0V: @Q9J;.9+0_6(BM88 _! C)R='-M'_ M^:8BB .,V7U2WZU8./5 P6@F7%FP9/F MP_P3#31:R1=JL-ENA_E,'+.Y2/TMO!"^6.3&-Y9XV&X=U^%1_>')T4GJ OVH M:W#PMEH7L^1/WY],'C*^T+27^;3>@+6!5Z1^L,6%*:C\J:\79U[,XF'M,(:H M9*/>RL&%5VID[L$[M13@\[P0X)VC55PL,*NN[$FS0_IDZQ &+DLP74;V&QMJ@+,> M%H>OIW0Z,S\A0M!4U0JE29,M\]0X%T6#*GWX^2JOK[AT@(> RP.%.$)!S KK:7WG\^>O MWKXX)3^FAV@#!\@J4FDA#J ,ZSS+\1\RE0.=&&W>($>8)AG"H(S 6 Q> MT7W#38U[LZ> 12;Q#*IIYJKPJ'%U!VLF)G$R8X#V-M\^)CGE2-O#'R 6D3"8RQ 6DW&J;A/ X M$F#G35CEE=91Q7C[(@RKF0L[BQ7"BB6^;B=@*+YY37*UWL4#MIQ+ ?O>LEJP M(1S?;4)X(6Q#8$A%V_B!\R/&Q$( )G@?K?5&[:3.#J @(D)AZ \*O^6Q(M1\ MS_!/WE^+G J:+XUC\ATZZ&B>-=U+8B[ZL,L+@$ N[TA >K624C%SW%/LA2>" MBH7PAV20J""2TQ"'XU%HR,*Q>F9Y6L234."&5-FGCV9>, '6,\!ME[I.:%C6 M-52B2)V@Q$0D93=3!^=X%*M3W8^G:]Q*1!%$XZ@T8/8X)\Q@;P%B3YFA9D7# MG0KZ> OXW+ROCS >8>4G.?.20Y8\#( MYQO(! >VY=,OOVVGW'CT\9:?'=?^,^]K6XDW6\\)S'7[=7&ISHF ZR]Y;O&D MM5B%\:V0Y)^I@& VW+FMJ$BW3 61TW ,;4MPL-) M?E,TQ-J_H7A+T6#V S[EDXY5C"E73^M"0()FEAA,6=5W$)"%"/)A\FXM (Q MG:Q?WRI-HJ)3[(_!)7:5@SF!RNL%,LB[;#U +M2HA(R4 ^ZFY0^ZS>HZ8Y#M MC,N^[R*\5'3:N TTQ@%P"J[B@( - '8P)LU8T9DK[4 R\(\=H[5? P191TB,P;-UQC&2!WWK Z[AA1GP5"L9[6$R!7.YVR57;FTTON"*@-D[HF/07,SF(5# M]#60JH1.W>"$SHHYU014+(>!=W2((? ;4O/G!@I(EE7#. ,K9G0@1@KQ\(#0 M5W6OFH /8?V"N&R1FX*PDSDR6TQ 55WIW+BHDO3._># M[E)3*^T+*!/\$?W;%P4C>ER)IB?:X(JX?>KU- "U6#CEG!^(AASX$I"5A?^& M3QN/7AB;=@NUNS A I93Q3($3V!J$?-K5%TP?_EC8XZ>.56M2/ /OJ[-?SY&1H&WX*M_OM7RY_._WUU[_^[?POW]%_)6?\IXOS%Z_> M7MH_[] '1.TP6G8D86X='5D[N3AVDM!LH059*F$ &A'P_&$A 2K[#WK M!P37X_'(OQ]'+L 8;FW4[5?Z8A( I!NX@,1'T).#8"KX5 )0):.,YT_L'84KAJ4Q+72B1X/]-R@4B*J+7_3FT+ M=WFX_PLU@X?)?SNN/KBD757P?4Q4TR0V#YI=;Q(P_H#_2"GO><>E]?1'FN]] MGW\GPE_0QU9@/CI$R-9>$#SG5L[16FD$$T(FB]E%,A4_ P>*+RF6@($# \T\Z*C22Q('S8.K$),A"^T 8E.[NGS"[$H MM9+KQ3^EDD_RC+]4S,6KM5*%WPU2KOV-.]^ [)QNEB@# W+>M9UF9S0N\*T6&DQ2+Y.GW?OBEN=8VR4MS?9@%#T:%(T>^ M,QX!AOF>3_\7B+7IASJ)1W-BXZ%T"3\$'I;@>((,QO,+>A]\PE\7EZ\E&TU% M);!(_ / &/M91AE&O$/"!:8M9EA%:RR V8K)%/I\C RT!]=7F5\ FM )V1-#!\H88'O>;?")G MLA.D#+Y8E,5JL^J9=FL5LWZ93M)51#^?(9-9(J%=%Q/RT,N]SW+B4Y$Q@. [ M#0(2+5DJ%_UD/T/J[.9 ^P??F71>B7%S8C??E!C G&9+$;P;N$> Q%%*7O-2 M.TK:IR9(J121L:2T['CSB%#K(6N(+6FU7HK05GA[ N# UG,AV W>BX'],5;+!Z4= ^XWOD$@ MP*+G1 7,F *,+@$!Y$_ (I M-;.94&9SHH)#I*F,:\)_ 6$'8N>[$(X-.%I#GL2WE6.=\+=V'LX )IWA:T H MV^:E&L(+F0QFG J1VHY(?>7#CX28" MZ[CKY7_ZKNBU8#53HCTQG=Y)@OS>K4;Y^H M[3Z,XI%C;K")J5]39+80EM M#7NW 8E'KQ7'^PZT8=O0P![!1SQL>/@T#9PBWL6RW2&5RH@^XJ$TWP$7VJ4: M,2WGLYQT(I]__GJ#3=]_"S9]6E3IA'*@H1/K18]Y#;O3V*[7G[\ 7"QW0>^V M2$N%B=U%,+R-^T5TA'N"7NV7/>8WD\[-9"!:T Z5C)"&NT,A6TQ09[ZHIARD MQ_V[2@"AD9)_: Y5[ ?OE&I]6./]YNSSC.0-3?FR8L8:O MM1!(;MR;QC&!L M,XQ$T1 M-J![EE&Z@:# >+>;^V.(Q\1=_(CX,8W?-N^"V[!;C@^[9O9*_?$5 MD] H)'J>)4#1GO,(U%8;M_@\E &C_*B M:(P0)L23#G?2 .@KN9/SAG^S"A1EARL W1^Z$'TV'E%D/G#GSGI_ZZZU,N[ID*/OTT6!Y8%AD5$+S=0] M9G#0#NIH5'0^&39D)]0,7]@6+*;AFC-).$K-V2%PGZ[64(QL'4:L3R[6G33R M131QP_%K5_N2]E\.N2)^?H/$F2H!8.E3VJQ86C)?*M8-]4B)0-'/GV)D266' M52*\9UWNN8#D1"AI_]^+'#!_^?S_VR^L(&P=,9?8V!TWCG(]>^0N>1B\Z+[ M'\ZAJL@EY_4I^;\4BG>'4O*#G%WHT58DD2?!JT*3O0BC0N%_!IX+FU\]+FRG M8"F(6B'LKP](,A8V^()L/_?W *3D4A(6WG$?&!0D!=T30[1&%ID@&YL-5, I MGQC&HHGKFMV2(&UCOVIL#28LOP!L5#![^]B#TXD??_2;M%L0DBE>A\*(X*;# MD5:MD>L=3[>Z*HN9Z5&Q)"%U'7SQ8B^TY'J#0 S.M2$6OPLZSN)QT7+*@H2D M,E 1O AVO V^=X9*Z?7.>^TDZN>T+8 MH;=]HXQV92T. )_+\*QP8_G%/#PLZ";8ND,]\=W,C]Z>N!>QC (192"]5.N; M6%]'4%V"H/;XLZ\V2/7L6Y#J F[F+? M:"P9WB*^2\RV)&=BV2E D-!\H;PC/%H1H<>W@:2X+IJ?V.Q(?$JUAQ2-]AO MQZ-'A1EQ0HWP^,/#_^-?S)_AQ7P*=QPS O#7]ON,/5T1YJ,\[[#6/G(8,5KT1THOV?>5*D5]'F]JODD.?4; M0HU%A_ N=)PL*WRO:="TP'*"@ZFA0AW6F#'7!*8L+D6;,G.VE1=4>&'PT F7 M'2=)NS0Q*M'P =:GE]![!;Q7'JXD!O0#&^;*'B-KY5&A_M".^';/L415&1K:\$04U[3T!R M/+I@ILX]&^B^\\!Z ^;65 ?-^CTU =1N%H60E8L&B4WA U]6M\M\?L7"31*JN":8[7BD#HE! MHQ!NU@[;#11D7M79^IICK(U=U-TE'3!HP)T& ;2N+'96U+/-JB&'X=:TMJD@ MWJ+KAQ%LZ\A%1-//%M;#R: H.153=#T>17AIE&^7 XE!-& M6*2)^GZ!Y:#9E,D8B60:ZAL9#N@:X?KDSU@WWQ( 08MK'.H4DU6BE'8;\N1\[ >Q([(B[ ,A]4))T\:$[1'=% MQDX/7"0HUPD/8$TW(PK-P""?X#0WK5N$-Z!)H-?2\?MP%*#G="SV1C(=K 9, M.EW"D$,?_BN8G=93NYWF[@BF"PU%%/L&[V=%>A(9GRVYD>C;!GYFE2G ,XJ.*D.=@Z%T (FTHP@K/IP?9 MY#!Y25Q_&LKNY/1T 2MW0K]LBLK)IC?E-4FZ;3.:EG MP)%VOQ1]\][?N?I8T1X7?1X\D,P:M5.[=4&[:-^VW2?O6"%+%3M@A*'3=%!2 MB&$A0]M70*15#Y]V\L$]%C5O$4/P 8TZ Y!^ZAA?-O'$9P>AMB*RS@.F?FT.1R:AIQ'?/U ;V M4&R[7>$VP$=4;7&_3CN M&PC&*-8F@$XR&^^A+(=8H/M4#/O$2ECFO-+7@) '\PY#&K "O /S!VK"O.YS M%36FO0XVKA:*BY+L#]GR3%)2"2]:B+9V]MR>H$'&Z+RF(\.TY!5KKZ3)J2AI MIF;(S!)M4$SIC*DRS^RH$_91X8LP)"\2+G@J=EC:#V3'6_5M%""6UT0*\KNK M0''DP__;F ')P%JXIZPA=HPKF%P:.U.NTJX[09&;PMS &- N( ZV'7'63>&)T.0[R2M^$6EAF?-\8MKI4 ]]3X"(MB1J97P:Y5 M"EV7#V9*"JO,P3\EFVWLM53C]$H$0-8,A:YD@MW"B(\$@NL=ZH-/ ?=X'TX2 M>J*@LQ$ $( Y@X:B7G0:,Y9F28*Y7U!6#2]LF)K K'DTL+X 7#X.8'=J(/RCJ"!#! MA\P;AB,Z8JS$9KS5=&N\.D'LC)&RF.^.:*SC^\#_2VS=YBY MBNI%[1->]4RKCG8N8 M;5AJ?)4EGHV*\9IN._&KCNH('"#=ONBO?WZ@W6G9TU%8P\PEY&Y7"Y!B. M5/? B>Z/8O'GO5=XHK(TW$XQT//'9GXEFVF>SX 3@I?A+Y7Q(TOX#,3EB;4# M4JG&^ O^FB@U>1NJ5#&R[9!%( A[.('(%T02WH+SR.C&R@ MH93RD+BKZ#QY870.;F@+?.WC7H)"+-FMZ;FJ"ZXBK^-P?5U=%U-QRW:QIDNW M =ESN*+8RO(N$>AM=S65G!/ L S5YOX/QQ M67_I :\E:]!A2DHN/,"SC/ M9M308[41Z0E^J:.S>V[3%4"]@QW?I=,8P=R4%J ,8WZODEWE2FW;-M#P&A^'EM MS^JR2GP@(H6/4:+!KMV>P)W@5P-[B$M8A$S4P[.60[$29Z5714,7+/$B[CA> M^)S*!1VA'M#B,Y Z7;7 >"H1]:2F%)A437) M;%G1.IH*WE6DN+-Z6="#/4<>0RW')ZQGVA$P#328>VU/7&#U3IFM5G1N8B\S M_U A*"Z$_.SK8"D^\G%N@PV >=:9MN_ 1(FV33]GD#9G'']='+'KJ5 L"D25,]0A;R#V6-_%@Y!"O]>(M Y8];[VPQ MF%,:B$[0-'>W5KH%KRWYP&8-+W(3=V!N-JDNEYTMLPW4+ G/PS1?0@4L(Q S M:HZ" *_**'\MZUI( KJVA()5-V3V[X)50^XJ M 9$Q;M^GM]3CLN*:D]Z6/MTBQ&6^TMC2G[[%EAX96XJNX#26]C!6(Y4 =%EJ63;B%B.U9X9OX%V^V&Z_\2AH/02O[GHL"3X5 M7A(\%]$XC.7HW=A6N _Y7 0).XS4;K$[*@ M0OW_E3TK45*LOA-)M_'(\I]X *M^,/N6BBPS:KWM%UBKO05UPT "5PV+-P]4 MLBOXC*$W_>?;A,[AC8:'256%O5EYOS"3UO)$X:_,\58IL0T9B2[F2)6 )46I M]5 5]802^QX%&U64 3"+^BR;G'4$K_;V_/]D!X;(_#&VX/D M53]GWVJ')#1DCKU[2^QN,8,\KN0]+?4UZP1BS%W5%BTV-0$I9I*@TC[+D(?' M.7&+PNJ;#NN?D_7%[!^7)UY!Z+_!$*HNDTPL;7M0S4B&C$GQ8[B78$](K+%[ M*'A\]SN6Q>%@=$@I=3$^K.PZNY5BJKZ$8XD9GL8 J MZ.@&1^]#&MPS#YZF3!SSD/I-!P9D,L^XE#V=A7>7U&+Z*NI0HG"T2N#MV+#4 M(R(9""-N[ & .3^0MS?[XD*Y4/ZP>.=2 8&(SVY\TK"D MM=_W[2^2"K9@+"MJS2YAV3]^!;(?GMPEZTYCMF/5 YPO:'B2!9%WI0%AD+7 M(*.,6M@V>!0/T#8V[*( CAYL^NGA\??2HU>7;U2"C''OZ\W4H7.4X@,-AIG0 ML^N,J6])'A-.F0DFDD0QWFDJQ4*];9,O%XSM \@Q. A\Q1.3.^ MZ-(;%SL3 M-ZJJ>V9+A7X>5VA.VHOWJC1W'F4_1P %"893L?WKO,\CC2F" #[W+@VVI5DL M&\[H6C'E!79N>8 ^CRK8:N07W55=\?'IT(:@*1 MVDMS1)NOW59#(>"O-E[WT[=XW>/B=9A3Z,_^#2"[XAF/+=!CO6YW.7)W6,"T MD6SAITL&" LT!^$9-;/:-*TF6AK8\8P[O1"GV/=H.4G7$D'RD.$X()1=@E20 M X5(2!4 =4L%LZ92-;A0IE8+G=,>C_#,PX-1'_H@>=C,ZF)*]P:/84BGQ-FZ MJ'J!-13YS]&$ZZ!HQ[QPDI(=D :(,' (BMZ\?$X\3N70>MH'W#^?D%*1 O?+\<>'-6E61VR7(L&G"M5CK]BY,![.! $OS C(/0KH26^2VZ1FY6$R)8(BV. ]$BT\J M[Z!TRENN_M-[HR=>,.0^ 8_Q:&O$(^TUS=[E*EB TO10CNIRXFD"9S:L!!GE\"JA $;\Z%C40=4-=&@Y@F$._-@ M0'Y[K\4'-D?X_OC(S/G(E&0DO4#_!&8R^/ ]Q&50EN#66TA *KBT.?P=*AV"(W!+UZLZ/'3QE)=I M ^48MDKC"U>NGHQJW,_U,Q1 S%G*FC4?215FM68SS9:B)H6^]2Z(? MH[8;#N0LG%^&1VZ'4RV0]R48E0K1J,+CC'_BA7!BY%58&MV- 0 M6Q MMJ$W%1)64R(G_I*4P[>T:3@%WW,\\T7->JF]'L/P0B7&+I KS59K8Q!; M\ 'F$*,U=\I50KZ>%[[,/M#*]BZ-9@7AF\0O\4 X9 M:'R\,\PZB-"B3D5F=%PBY >J5()(F+[6R-D/1]\B9Q^;' 7P/K_?7,W-E\& PNV2#O="93B2ED222DO,(D$G&E88T"8! 9-3 -)+'U M@:R5URX^9>A00:/_HC+-0A/(GR'S5J5EPIF9JV)T"0"Y?$V@>6UN?"X3->=' M)AS8MWP+D8L6OD62-0@#OH(+TJ+.-O/-DIM I/3[S-(W!$*33_"JQM5R?OP=.YM?G:5%>883;P4!D:_^L8$3X)YE3=\" -/ M >6 _ 75 SIVU:?_1Z0"QZ.^7&"RUU0@KJEY!TT_F!9$K2P].WHR@A"UF7&5 MF+Z]SO&K58V+PG:VXIQA$@"5 VS [37NOZE]GBZHYN% M6VHOF\:!%,4,':WS.%]I81X$1X%> ?X1$L"K:?XA?4'QUA)(I"#BQFTQWX4+ M5[4R'2$H!VR\>K.F+!.47U(!ZY)"#-A'_C)_ )PW]JA!^Y;:L+68'JAY,Z9E MQBB&C3#^;B-QTD8%'R_V,J+_9G>U*TY-71\Q\0U],Z/A#'*;SZZA64LR( T0R4GQ&"C#^8M4$R1X\-Z!D/1?@Y&VFN;)[FNF2HM,[??LR1Y2YJ6X6 M"R0/ZSP#J:AK" INFAX:!+%%:NKR#U"+">7-\%N*AN (54FU7M)KCG7K9# MSY5B)GK]1 E ; 2H 4@CR7?,Z,HR!3; M'K/(%P5&'\P#\1D3.\B1,6!Y[0BGPU :%:!CX E];WXH.S@:)U^AG%!EP."NOX[;+S6"?4U5=LQW6T@N1 MHG@P; 3@R\?Y=H "N9M11 MK_JGIFIS2ZWK7U4&L^_H8].$-HY\RT]W+6S2-3I,S.G*:BQ\)]O* SC4NX*YJRGRB81^'UMA:E9:! M!+S+[X"AZPE-?)Q"2N*F HL&$QVVD L4P M_8)QBNU@3$2C0 _(;)./BTS^9>5_.$Z:ZANG 7,8JOL$ M (F[6LU;:=?.#?C"B9VEJP)^U7:E%L0TVVZ&0)*3+K9?2P(K-;3NR,3E2K M1W/DLUZ?_\ C\2QKKI,SN"&T&&+_-XZEND3?)> A&79N$(HFP;+ M Q/E$$7N2='2 1;G.UQ P8T$P2RN M.@[")AO:*:8\8- 1LUQR!@A:6' MQ@(^._I/>:QP]X]'\J,)N]TV?I.;OQ>4'(2=.;,[ RC7UGA7<>[8@ %J.WL_E4- YPML\0@?952,.#%^4E.)S91]7J47G,4K:HHU]@?&^DZ*_R,@^ MA_R%3IGE]H?)Y9A:VF$[&XPVQ6 'WF!&\>2^-^#XT%R55%MY?F-0+KD=>!J- M5W%0-+C[\\1%AS0,0/J,MG[L7'85#GNX0_E LA"MBA97UOH ;H:6W5.0I5 K8Z2YFZ]-3,6Q7B\#=[W(,(NNX%U]](@5^"^;8&&,*R \P)\$FAD M4/_9A!XFO[=*Z^T.V')XF^5975*$#1Y,: -/_82'L$G9>KBO*)XN,\5O+#;I ME?J&P[G!$G&5Q(T?W:+$&[F)U=H:@P!DL?5@"QQ-:]R*YCW= I*6SGL-\(H&ZV )*4MV.BQC0PQO)3U/@]TJ6Y!8(X054J(OO /A@B9("2GTBY6X>D2P1'V6)@)B$#C1L:,5)M.G3NAV"IK.@8E. $Y9D89 EL_O:=84=G6O=96\4$]_BM9;$V9?[4AI MU0LG]OR.2=(E1'AJ+MC1H!6M1MY3\V[LZO%;>&!UGAP]9J]N7YF6W&7WI?G5 MQM">?HNA/9)^+3!*9=6?[D$U&=[N7>;T(7GH7?>^,#S!'H 4, ) ]Z8F!;S IV?=QZ7E)ZQ8"Z"([QB M32E7:NIN%MM#2 2!N>. 9]])!0&;%+TYCF.JPNAN&J9H?)6HFMO1Z'QM7'1" MKO6H(:=86Z)S&O 71]4W7-GMPZFE-/>' -\@"&._FFX[W0KFIIA9IK)?1%7 M_IQXLI;W71[CT>[K@T/$A6N5(HRR3G:HU_#(14E-ET+Q3J; VV)0>^E2).R M(+.\0XJT:9X$+&8P8Q^#JLQE6@ZX^O-Z&"9,T3Q;)8*_37=&5T\ I"R&^!?1 MU(4&)'O2G H+J\K"/SO:8,7'F:I3YC#6 'R6!PC.".(O$ MY_+.'?.8 H,6'_H52[^..JZH887KI[;==T,' MSX!;$21>)!*FN*=L%,YO&.^>JC9.-[P>"DI#\ -;LR> M\F>E14RETMN5RY,)M'-HPP9P\]'LQXZEF@6-\L8>^U(#DK46UXZJ.VT@'.9C MU@A*/QZML@]('MO[F.T 'QT_U/T(R&X^$QO:\AX5&P&=22]RJ&E D"+H=$E7+&*?C&L&/8@ M?6;V-6QR_KMOY9%U5().H=@:@(X E0/C(HUU0^G@_KE>)$HJ["(@#:G:8M MQ3*2_0WK0#WI E?0/; M!$/T[NP-N:SOJ&S4N5P!P A/$;(WD.W'5=OXA6A0>KP M Q_-X =UX%0+I6!1PAN>,+!F53A M=K79-VN,\5)$WC,8="0VD1@\"$LJ.%=@6_!W.!^-M*O_RZ*'289/7H&E!&3^ M4OF(%F79^G\FM ?%3\Q?QR/Z B' ?KE%U#N$7BU%J)PL M12[,#Z:5 >R;4I()DI*91].[(=B- X3T)?_9D(^!9QR=_ M-O?!LH+(*73A7U7]/CE#DCS3+0M!"#9Q-*>P A8 *.I %8TYEW0Y.GXQ2QS; M@3_[T3QV4G]VB'% R@(ZP/, _RR61[/!C"WP(&FU&>XHE];$L]B3>\4 MSQ!N4XF41T0(\ S!@PWG(67G30;2'Q[_#.Y,F-.UN> ,*/$F ^*C6K>)9OQPD'L@',>>V+NDAU-=0N853?EUYFP?AF@ZD1O-EB2[ MIZOE%60Y 1+E2Z7X1Z+-ZVK^T)@-SDV[0L' MBMQ1? ESTRKG)Y@)0$R _MH W1;\ MWHQLQO $Y)>[Q"$ Z0B[* QGY*K MA^!S=U.UZ9CGO>T/96 RW/H +PJ=1-9E7RXNJ@F M.3+ $&6)XL:>>Z=Y.$"D8.B'#?PJ+[5P 010E](_T$Z&2US25YC^!%,\FC5AB#M"]S RV%I(WG)GGLN?O MRH&>$6?U'- &,]].L%FIJ4/W#]R$'$"/73'-. 4\FP0+ZK= M'8\\'A1Z;O )61P@V3:;3CYHCEDY/%->%$MF&6^CLU#@ 3WY9+=R>VJ;$V9"7P98L0)$ZGI?J1*O@LTU26H.K) M\X0:%%L7 6";UCRA-X% MEAW!"X06QU#7FTH/["X1M@:(U^/97X=NX9 C@?%-W-5QA" 993\)NB4$?V6-]7K U'P,SD* M+P5R!8(V$;,''')Z^37DM.-@7#,$Y6U"JYN=[[!% &EMNA@NL+6>$Q]W[@T* M1!^@H9B,6$Y_^ (./9_Z5"'B;^6H4T-ELQC#*D&N86]J!07W7\2\>>)D/0O4 M-]DC@L,=?KA.QNK>02)XA=3A@!6/@*C( ^)OF4"(\&8://5X%!$!>/KQ9)O) M5P][2+/EL*B6Z(AY@+"E-PT'1C"9^[?1WGKB$.XQF;WQV$[I!M8;0Z7:L%., MA'(=;X$)*:=QC*A55R>W9_H8!!$Y4]@Y,)LSB28MMBUWKKI_%W\^'6HZ3WG, M ?VQ(]94+BYK\>XD I$Z G2 !=]* N@R8)U$^!$O:1P=4;(P=BBD[^7I 79 VZ50_)2 MT,1[OVF%VK\;'.M7)_8%FYN X%:*W>[O,2[^ M(:JE.JF@*23?#(:XXP E5D6@3,([31^@F)A@3T MU0="ZR318=N.0D>,>I0@FOC[AO[?PHY5R7QWT=SRK6]V&Y5HNF(S:6=D:Q/K MCG(+F^H4F!#.P7:XH&;IO[__MZ?%DR=/X#]F8-D8YC?WYV^"/X?5!9$="-\U M6];R;)/-[66H:^3FHW@9IL6TQ[2A]L. > M# MM,$))L+_E$ P*BNE;BW=;5"BD5&>CU?;NEY1#(S08(]3TU2Z/&)(1H_ W?N*^C9E-JK'(P1 #[H&_&F#LC,-G3R8"$=W7J0DY(7U31TYO,63>> M=;IO&66H5FKZ!T;5T=J'T':Y)!N9N*D@)Y+GMK9E]A7Q4/I XH8JRN+\IGD+ M5)-S;Z?+YF-F@$ P&-;02]Y6B&H_BE2ELL[(]Q/O(QBP5L\0* D&G%[XQ M@7^>"35-"UUZ+38B(E^[R&@STL8X Z_D..>/K_[F/Z3^Q(]_>?4W"GE..5LK MF#'EJ8,*#S.DWHZ+MB"FWQC,C$&ZKIW#Y(_^M$PC&7&*SRQ:L5 %;&N3;\#-Y*9E/3F=?/Q+R&_UA[9.: LJD+*ZWSS/QQ'P)T ME=H6L1PQ5\L;9\K58&@ GL)$/!&UD5>+ MN&#@HBVGH;L6IJ4I"H B1,^;'-E(;@=%T_ 5#*/W#8KW,# \\%"HXFJR?JD5.ZOO 8DFWIW5PEU%BML?430T0Q8\]2TAKL 7Z;]K!J@&2 M.]A.J1H#36MVGHOHR[61M76DP_%#J!G2% IC 3%V#?EW0IX[]GIDI9XP?N_N=JCL"3009XQ%S6+5:00&3[ MK$*VV.S[:-S\3NR-ZK.=Y% 3#[( B@-WA#UH', M=E%0LU6Z95NR$ 6WG=+Q38FB9.GO0O-*ZM^D+^W3D+2H89TYXX>0(+-:* =D MSBTJ6ZJ56B^J "-$/TEY.ECR\__>UETM81UA.9=.4"1[# TG[BG!9>0L17]= MTSE[OUW_O6P9#(32SF0[50MU_ 0K+ L^'/&V>(8>7$A4ZT),#[)N5Z HG&?UOK=:#Q3>:(#&9)[Q'"^-NP M'LZQTF5O&57L8>PF"8-(X)5*7"Q&(W9_J.0*/V?#6S9 I3'FO9=]LN/>R3,= M$@HBCH .1@*H0!LOVXG9PV T7-X&Q7$$!/KTFM559%@ Q1" A;CYX* 5H*2CSV[WGG.U 5E2RZ$IZ9\8A; MOO^ LO;97D,*M(3;LY^2\YC=)>V?C?8?;-- YXE0[ C$#]+!;YHUEW24>QJA M!G)C!6KCBU)43]!8)-IQGT)QXST A68V(96'>Y//,(*9E58G(F]LD#(XVZ'N M;584LNH9+_5-O.6H F2FS^W: M^-Z42C^O.\KW@9[S72OVX" Q7'[Q98MI7U%?. 2)&3F8%@TPZSC1=1%P.FH] OKDQ_>_Z[[[/?SV M&[>E $V'&-@CE.R_.G'X?_ZV.?OQ+^X;?YL&J#7;FR@:%7-!Q4R%S5IHI39: M ][J>@?E:/#UK(>$T%.\E6)V2UP^ZU'*O"5BA74\FK_.P-?W;AJ.0W /BH=@ MWAZEV9$PD[Y(0^K97EP^X7%,?"46);R,8]JNN*A=@5Y"JLP;$Q E'(+#($?P M2D2;.= E?W:2P.1K%"R4A5-VU6)MLMPVA&-IC\+Z M_W@KI'>12;B;V*#@+]PKS+:NS0Y)PRKJ1%@OXK>G@/0HI7?OI7 RA@HOLRLG(3O2+G=U64#.WN+HAU.P%AC9'6JL\Q@5:?EY@] SQM#Q8& PMEO=JV$5J'TW$]P0)D M!N.C1=1OLBA,*UPY86LUH^21+,P+Z%9YC;'H)3=4,V//J4!_(=']U=,F37M^ MA0W%#J&;G.-\[! 9,!YF8' Z:^,F,I&FK4Y!8K/5$_%TWE P5HD)PIC]#=IG&]P\VZ(%[44:+KHHO1UX MOW_\Y,64(^^^5=55 $Z,1M0IVR'.WJPWVEOE555-UN6YZ:TB:Y^;'Q9GV46& M7Q:841+6OJH:VHR# D.LEJX[+,+&[ N[9,U\7G(G.U:C^U3H$6"Z MBSYO\",Y55H0!IH*G2!(MD%XRI^;P+LL'FR@Z]LG7P-=MZ/PYO-M#G76(^Z! M-P=ID[B)B]/S6-K#IO"183WF4,K,G0,U_2Y\R%\/!I D?-/6$ ;;(-LLM-]1^7 _E-5%CCH$>AV$")#/^W0GMET=_9 "% NNR@Z5(2" +Q^>.>WD^9$F^ZNUF@-]$ MBG[VEFB4$5],8DSM&IJ%N(=//XK)V,8C.P/LD0F0L5WC._EY -!MAYMZT3/W7L(^#9N6;IEQY33DEAL&["(5B"YH M3#* \@N*3X%'H*&B%0ZAPU5H*6JE_MN7'_KR=U.7:)EJS006-L?4F]@(.*$% M]R(17IKZ!>'L]BBX)U[8 1AV'%")ZD/K[(GC-/=3?^W8KNG+[ M%>%?B];! !H:B]2[>[H' ^]H0YH ^9+H/3I"Q6Z-S5.5IJ)^LJRJD).5]DWI 0T8 M[A> 1;;%BELV=4$M%9/1ZRXA*F_VU70Q 7W M[DZISF> WN7O +$$,I4D"R!7T@U=A2T;4PXUWT6 M#C9B>ZPC84P(YKQBP>6 -*J:\*3 ,VU9HB'T _7%L \=>2N-QA=\$M%0,R&% M\*P^GAQC9ZWPQ!E6R_,+K)**PT\EK:#[U_.73V &7 +GP*,&AS97,#K;*/A;GK']^G*-CO,7*Z] M-H>_:O5T]7Y],B=V+"G)0C2'7\>8?5> 0 $)20FSQ/KI\6C8RJ+=!XXS'-T% M*F^G,K2YD[0#93]4ZC\"5U%Y+()!!,;:9XF1"US OM8IMKN4(#'))I]+@CB! M$#";9!:S[IA(%2,W_ZS:)I:D\4C5KUMC+T2SROO+H1QUDT\5M4%+WJ @3 MC J,EFO&>!@'!WT0X_19Y^(X\ M;#S:XVFYT5!38F)UI$H9?(T![,#[@Z.VB[+3O@%.A+MBGXH]AH/6=V+IU!YR MV6?[C4>?Q_B+^0:\[9?36/2GZ0&QP=>/0U!7:;"ZFD^*&R["O9 D0 8PT%>0OF"^/D5EI*9>V#,+=/=0\0GMHBTUHW9+U/+5 MH!OR$'^E#PO;0]8E*;CX6+J_G4]Q%Q?P3+BQ,041?2UVHP@U'9\Y':.$>=WG MZ\U* N6;YO'D9WH_5.L$E&UM!7/&40G ^FHRK]OY]IPHT Y N9H+6OJ&N0 5Z=T@#FQ;_A!A+N[($(8%_QB]6VBYR?\8B\GX=;P?CM MLZ]1J O''%L'8.(;WO_U\,I"? MW_V&-]NVT6>_^?WD[:O?3O"8%+8NY-J/?5VN2W 5#9X N2X_M^[:].(?ON/X MY+=?;R>H!@)X!"5;?DM["P# M AU-'P[F+44Z/D4W&^(D/T(Z>E^T M;#N[-.YSA@Z(NXY.&Q2].BF:6P9U X"9WCN% [V.$8F X MP)PR/.J2)ST X%$I'O4,SDYG*31W*#*99E[N;C776TQL6"]:6: W+N^W\+![ &*+G@8^_ 6)9-,+CABF2W:Y'!ZC.N1\=692%:$>\0-ZIL95D>F MA\,N"S="M"'I'+%/WWRE&5G2DIC9FO-S]U+5-[V>5DE^L!1&U(=FQ=P/T! Q M4'#+'_DO@Y%A.0WGDPE*[9 T;KFCGQ#(68(^#U_^9)^P/K@555>X.>F6CGDW;>] ]BTW[>,8'\(CT1F M:XNL.V[^&7K4_;ZO_T41.*\Y=R>[&P42@.WK&Q0]/@$,&K9VR&/P# 8/-53V M_&NH['8 +E/U-LB+K)E^^4(9&BO0MM,9G?"- =%/C A &EZY2(HPZA\?\MA)Q;DJX1OG%2KZA*N@O?S%E*18I0@CD"3=6 C M;Z5C&?BO:L7B!3XM_&5K[D3*=+[VK,&"[8F;9;>&D=KS*-S1ZN(U-1Z%H W3TI8.?_(IK7])VC\0@80; Z117RB50M>!(_VP8K .2AD, CR#Q+E;K(UK@DJ[=3-9->O3JF7=G4,$MG(Y>;5"\1G; M ;DPRBNQ=H-3R NX6)5M[B:EX'[A;'*P=MV8]"?Z42GGXP)Y=W$O]QC!+=X>-,791U)A MB.SL8*]H?P4,B>TD*[7](ND4^IY2=* LB M$=E^!A-R1/;5F VI.$U#E!GW&L'7X\^7G; MPN>A!EPSI[FH-AL&% *F1%9LI=1A?YPH^HXS?K#AH1=?PT.W"P_%I$FF%A^D MA 5=66I[VJ LG6=/UP7JK;1O.VJYM N4=W=/TC0FGK0=,I_F?C=$?OY0C:G) MM6RIS'6\CS%U 21\-"M;5-OML[-= ;G MGZ$A@:__ 45VO+BX0_O!V&D'W'*(".J>.\%_+4N)YW%6 M$15 \OH#?T).A!%*R%"EVX .923>CH MC&8UJB*9NX#4#SSWO(D4(31YIHKQXL8[G14@7,'"BW\N)':CV#)TMJFY04,V MSNSU]LU79EZNN5K YU$*CP94>;"RP"^M1#/'=6\2SV,*8"SKJFJT#E6OS ^C;?)DE M#Y8O5)V>QFF"#59A_R,:(WW=E=]I0[+(K=FB UI[8O#@M5*WNI Z/U^>WM>8L 39C\NFG%[2#_!B7T)^ZQ2IZ+,S+UTOC0NGN(J*'>*' P M1IJF[( 0;:,'(F-ST69"DQR+ H/-7];K6O0"==O,OH+;"<>6HSGM;OH)Z-@C MXGO7L1CZ@+27@5_$G\.T A0^DDKHHM84OH8*)8'@+"H*T9Y$CY;MH8"Z[V,7 M?Z"SS)FF+)E#:TMRF@%APK!*N$5-IH1D%*K(KO [81\"! R7#VQ5W)!@YS_\^I6$\&A2'R9 T8- H%0;:$ R1?[,7&>4.]M=-9:C_!J9= M&]1L5%V8%3]H ?^YY2]Q87)=74KR7GRS;+F.:)4^M1! G!]=V* )09 M,,H_=[?RF&>K**^I%O?7BH_O]I2+^?&'B=)1*] \B@='^YC@%Q4W.R.-B%'K>T M#.,H 4^!/U3;]0KLFD$#(.E=;UNY>8\4WD)?LD(X'OV*ML'CR 7-)_1-!/V-EI86V.7.U M::.I]7?S@_)=T=3HL+TQKPJ1 Z M4-*X$O,4LE9\-UAI:W?WA5\WZT?^*](7GLK0N$&>S:C!,Y4#GH;,:PNS!',: MI6390E=#,). QIL'/RU4B M5P23R=W 3=BM D-1])[3*4T7MYY37E+.E0Q)#:^\'!HH,3U2X-8FO-[98@:0D,1$F! M(-LI&C$3V>'4I1-*-X4KP85W!"/7>OD:%3*G5:KVDF+CY4;QY$P9B-/)^"*= MCU ;@Z+C?/3)7"Z71'Q?+>]@$%U-$6*+Y3^!:2*HHF?V2KGDB8R MGYBKA,'R 4>@O2IURT&_)RB(3&+71,HWY4&]6=\5R^&Z[#FH(]M+@X=Q$B],2A2GG MI5PCM)*?RHY?'NHF"8"J'3-KH-U7G *K.V.[.SW7*]@YD28(O%\FVSVTY[@' M8DF'"7T _"=O=-"\L53A(3FC/-'&"HF7$-N#E&0!AVAS(WN,D27KP0:37GX- M)MUM,.E&.F:R4\5 E\!KJ1@VW;5'X&7=;,DXH?./:N$+\,> -![2V=IDE)S4P?F,("R('(-86+9VO-#2).F('! M;"T,B, _"KKW$//Q'DX/11^A!;G VCEH/PG#Z7) ;'O%^?\&4_\>/0YL*T;CV7U^A;0^'UI.K%8,TNC?L]> MGN+>"-'QR$)$ ^#@(2&BG_VD0W._S;7.WJV H= 7TF..IA@ +JTAVK/6\0D"F-Z068[5S$?U\!B7Y8D82W4?AK-/SQC M_#?,&#^'V"O8@$VWP6Z3[K>/X?\/N-KOVZ_AH[LF)GI++A=E9[%S6?F)U,67 MP4?DS&"\ 3B6!2E"=]("18YN+ 1^ T&4+:22B,(2'E:0E3+:8>N@M3?LI"G !^UG9AS@+!-2Q,&Y#.9[&:F3LTU&V/8O2;3C>G$&F M/^&G5S5=6E#H";M37M0;L$J"=F'4+61R1"R#DESU?(,T_JC4U: /EGFVUZDR M$AT>AT)G2?F.^[=,@D'^D*&Y/X._P959;4S*6IM]%T0@ T"(/R^J-5@37 F M7+2X@%.VN\B&B_/@Y!:*;6,[Y_&(DE9CP ;$ [7EQ(8 K= M7T*G A.Y::IKGVJS2\Z%\'GB)0>KBI$_84E].M M.V5CMTL GQZ"C7BFILV GC.^O^;^0TL(7-D6];_ +(QYLR\ZJNWFV[=K32@?-1G/[(W_S@Q*'5'^3 M[=HZ]*RS9D43=6+B%D*B\>0>42TVYN(E2AXK;X0I6@5>)-JYIS7N6;5:X.?- MB M]9%\+T5R+T((B[ZOJL@*="SA @B(DK5CS^JS-+-IX=(U5 "M%T*7SH(>@^/.&W.SN:3F-J^R] '\ZGD^,),''62P!",5S8ZL;Q M*%@%P="[J3!R+EW==07=6P&JA])[G27&:SY1.;E-!L@9>'7+NK^)10OHW[BM M1H_,!/."!)8%J57."EGAE]RRK1$O9Y5'N@1XTF> 1+(Q6A-OB]#X86?E_ N +-)R#N9#+5]W[1-.8\@PP3*'8\&8+EN M[QZYO1,L+C>OM[$IQ-3Z^T4CD>3J U NK""H7JGI6=CP24W!%8M!)=D$A_Z9:-K #^#E[X,+OS-=DE Y2]RZ$HFYB(.(K87,#")3)/2P@CV=$-P=AR( Y:U)/?I""%OGA MY"CJQB.LTLDSW=$PG:F_KDB/NXGLQ)/O_$"SW3QJEH\NFOG':L/R+6+.4 -';:GK94Q[?6M$VSH-)$_X)98%Y)I>S[.VS7&JM(5I/CK7L8- ),UM N MU![71.&3F8++N]54"]-5'3MJ63.>NG2!U,EF>U%#2 ;V:JR 5]UTD1951"Z];;"1J4'^5T@RC(X0_Y@ \JYJ MNQVUL)^O(]AP&7%6$4'6S^]%1>W &7F(2/*$"7()FB][:^ 4SP.=V'C]OW5.-5-)2LWO:U]%]W:- M- \\1&Z(ED[0J0"(? 5;P_D1']@?:GKU[1' VCL];"4)U.?FI6I;NUU#[.)MR,FB?YHKF^KP!"I.&Z-XY-RNU9, 2_7*= M,!5X"/%5+#9/(0*'C!Z=?C(D!\-5 N"P6@+LQ9EUSD?W@K.Y]J$1#C4%!DR M<>/9?D_^3"'+C,O%)=\9Q]A[P L!6;);$@.EK ^E V8!2F AN5*?9;"$^7O[F 3 X2 N=7=!D@ ML]([3 RHP@KL-W5,)5)Q*>^ED+76YIH$8(=TFXVO*U-^)F&YTF:PD'@=, "H M[+CE58E$5CR)A0_>&6/*_-9/$6ID;&+2#:S3D:5AF/YV (E?- #=]41G_M7 0)[\$MU75 3=->X;DFLLKQ[H/&3 M51)/48%W+3H 5-*Q 5\^Y6[I^Y2>X7SXR=BE*/KA W'A6VNIHNG'!\"5J21@=*[=T"^NU%_(">0TDQ!!)-4@ 1ES6SF_8%:YD[ID MT9,?8J!(]/0ON4,T1.O>[%(ISO-S6X!BX./E^RBKN]%$:L'D51(\Q,IPUKT= M"I/W)8[2+#7: =3^!JHPKX(,5Z_X*+(M=_S""*2U?U?U>;T1(.2 6@-#$3@> MIV1WF(#MP$KLDQ;V\26,/ZRN/$ 'SP5P(>_(QSXJ9L5D5:(HTX\A0R8R4[+6U M%?-M#"8@ 9(+$ 'CH/.ENZY0V(\S#6WMW#OP">+!$G^S:"$OJ6$M[CQ;& 3)HJQ#, M/MT[K+J:3HX!7]2LX_[>TMI;?;KQR UXIXL2AZVPGB&_;]E0@C!M#RTM[EU; MNY6@TI%2[D&$JEU ?*.)KCH!26(&(>"K[[+-BH:'^Z3>978=I\HN0D9 B__O[)9P MKK!RMF!"F-$.>*! K-FLJE4*H8) "Z$HK"YJ-K5%9G^ M%;'306:QFF_AAP4O';TV-\.4$:3M]\LG&9+OX5%*X0JUA Y#WX;A3]TI*R@- M 1"R\S,9QZ',4FONW&8MYYO$8D ([B.U5JR MW/M]#_,3G$7)1YM\!MAPPL[*^ L&.M*,BTDY6ZLYTZC\V&B,'VP(Q8)F?FS *4U)I \=.IHGN@,Z4TAVQ3 MD!FGL*O;FZH%WHCMVAEXY[-M*[!M6\X.X0QZE'Q^!0B>R@V(67[(+:5J[?/S MJD4N"J0EL M.[_X"R-CKZ>0_ A0L\Y4D5+;H\X'2(W[X(MCC^"-V6)()]5H M)AK 1VM-"W^#N=N =%C MU O:+32KWQ^_?SSYN8+*U55. SK#98B/X7ZDYA5)C5N(ROFH"OHAUC3%NU-H ME$B\Q:&R%AN&(HN;B180I!%N;'L^(T@D;U)IP)G)->?T?.T^A VC3Z7Q]N>.?IU_#.P'%^^OS6Y_EI0D]; MQI*/M5YRI\W 5PPK ]QE?WJ"ZCIS]Z4T3U-Q%-GIM> MB2U#R%J-/-DB=F6+\)J('=L0,5DQ1;VL(W/38T9EY8,";O [1]' NW/\B>''Y"SV^A%RD[K&(#MH;S]-SE7#>Q2@N2HM]]A_!V8$&" M1[QN%@$#=Y!F@YXNSL?=D/ QO'CW53C2 "N9,VC^.\*M? VX'Q(-3/.LI2&/4^?T$ V M@@-%/BP 9,S!Y_1DTVS,STVM\[7G?RNZ8_?=^9]>+O_CJ7IT9W 4+!8&@ MBXB0@U30HK.332LR?4(JOV1@N^ ;KCJV==PU6?5B3]A(]E280R8NT5L1Z J MTM0]Y9MFVOT'*XL&'7=#Q_'S\8?7Q_!B&[Q'+*5[R!*9[E+PJSE$^5PE*!%Z M XL\#* G0\&R5M)I"Y60T>9*2!GP@>"=^)ODP@5WO-X MNNM#_ 7LURJ U.I]P]EB\'F>3W 93-:('S% M7D_L1M8;5&C2'=:#Z*L_+]SU@FA(V .'Q#=-RQJ MVXN% \5H>(^M1?/C= MQ&VS",+I8.=XT@1>17WW@^B +H'1'@#+>#J=_- C=ASYP)UW@M]8LX"O:4@G%'-C='H^ 'N9=^7L]#XV'N$RQX*@>'D M)OR%:1/;/0@,F>HTEI## C-1Q 3N]#9GC/I(CC45]5W/6 MJ+;^ E4L-"K$22#L]F9:.R))%GH$;XN7Z]P.)RK/W[A&7V(=!JEC ,@$#F(PP#%3SRN&?[W'AI7PBC /]KEI>+D$SWV?0]W;3,C8M-N/Q@@/!_2/)CNQ9 !]VD(=F^%BZ M+X#7]#MD;1,FT\G?J01@=?7#Y%W;0,/= 8Z5'"F,]PDTQ@.V$"JBEL" .6!I%8X _QM'"%'\[39W]]\L1]!_+PL&G_V;0?)Z\QJN*^/PU[ MW'\"XK?%MB*7_OR\6M3NU\!;H'H9;JRN4#=IIXQV)*,&>8&T2U6+* CD'*O__I)&G33+>=[%=(BK-TY@-?.*RH MLSUYDL#SO%S-MWSUJ%.(R6:X/8Y1*]O:PI#$ \?/WDN^:K [3=C0[,EGM@!ZI$%_!J(9RK/":N#40GDK6WBML K?MT,D0+0&*L:N OB?8=* '-'6NJ &->.=Z MXX!]41JQKC(FLZN%%STD[0"(SZ *F\F/+R)!["IH=)V=B"?QAZ\,+NUGGV(XF!T;W3OYATON_=V+ MK^&LN^9R#1LI,Y#3J27.G'&0F#OEP2F[I;D=^"S.])\!ID@/7'H5!4TT,%LL M5QH9Y)ROI>;$3;8G .3\ ![KC-9V$4S7.7EXQQCRMF] M\75,$H[I O TY'_DO5HHE1_'#R/Y%#D.0K]RW:#IWR!&H^"\4?0J Z?NYC4:SMJ! M6J3%+=8 LB9YMEF?] M+P+:CT ()'Z49GN6"7*!%>U)7#QJ6ZF:*$9 R\M;S"" MX6Q/ GV'J*!8C!U+B8AT.8?W ]3P M@+(%RGZ2>W@2225^V.6*:C3H:;C6>,N3BFB$\,H;?:*-L$! JKED3:9ZJF!' M391\=X_94]O34V(V[L^>E2;>=9 A)3BR!T&XLW0)\BSF'";?E!^K=:QKA_"D M Z^*^MP0&"!33@)X5)JK>RQ S&"A)780 ,G!J?%H MCLYWT\9BE2>PYUL]( 8("_]!2C=RE N)=H-C?_PKPC^(?0YO)(K[$R,D1?++,">O1., MW+E%1QX[VUVLCKLBE!0#=(.#[!VT)UEDEHPIM--MV7-4.0IYABD-2\7F#!>Q ML83QVJNK,2OFVYGVL$OC C6(=/CJ MFOCMME RF7P5#&(6F4$85&2^QF^LU@VF90F+:0-U\$CQ2GB3?OW/GT]>06*2 M O FZ4[)P0Z MP\=!O?GC)UKD)BI5AJ_EJ[\! Y. MY0XT+WSRDIN/NG]4](]OCV;": R=D(^#O2^FEIQ?^U%JT; -^%S'#(G8, GG VZP9@9:K4RDDX&@S:"Y!!:E;#?;U@#GS:#"E9#^2 I5P*!7WKU*3OJV/W 1= EJ!QS%"41S=$"O80XW>DRW/ MN-=)Z0/?*TDQ[ 3*"&VWE268DAV5*1*NCIP[YPFWL%NKBM1, YE&=%_'HR5W MKX::JZ:ARU]C/ $&"&:+81PJDJM6% V%3[,_BW0=YC@9[P56JA$L%!%-P1C O ,5NJAZE Y.;;9= MY".$09/Q2/K"J(N" AX6P Z@\ZCA$:2Z_6H\V72%*$5!%C8S2IB7H>6 MI7#3HG%@*OL!-C+G=8 # O0DP@ZBXC#P-DC(Z:6@[W*$ >"FQ:9")%W;,I MF&F7?8N]1W'9K\WZT1M$'[DMD;"?EQ#W[(S,0H #/""2. D.([4$IN] H7PJ MH EYY"]+:P=I.K/:TBI:N2R],X M\A=%5H;J@ M9AT2+IQ=D005UD,J"Y!8H=Z0F2AJVKA>Q_$$,IZW9KNYGU8!N M=-"6 V@#T$ZFZ(^[0_E>MF6!\(GJSYJZ$/'?+6_M7O??-+GJ\W320VAW1G"^ M _6D8B+G(BMB@'5VT,6R5";+UL3ZS V:" O1+\4F)#AK.R O$-_B\(V-)L-NY\;,11I-* JS2JKXG(HWS^.3^];&9?P&-3-" #B8=:$SH M.W6FW^,5JEAIU * '$S[=N@4S% +H$?A@.JUUPB- [QS8=M?H@?F/ M=)RRQ6=R:-^DH/ LKW:( MM!T Y.S?VSSJJ2R70P4/S95FA.I,#%$/7#+6T7*:S%01,]&EPAB!)%B,TX' M=JR)7\]"&8&L W#RAMMVJKJ#!EM3*(. 6W2(C6+0 MLB9S'#3BGKD=O6WCI;OI,A;-!BL3R-V_;%8(.^7BGS=_7C0=6&_"=YS.V*=9 MZ@X20BUWB)6L"WQ4PD;9D$* R$0-TKGK3/^,%Q-!UPR6[3JUOZ8,B0P$# []W9R$:DWJQ!?SBS&E5]W#Z6>%MUPG_%'Y9!>'!T,&8Q-#M:S$8%#+K M#8ZQ_97$A4@7PT5)10754%5;)OCQK$#54Z\)?B7W9#085!6I(/6@O0G(2XG7 M6[-IW\7QJ:>B5;W+[,])"]ZU_HCQG2Z(C5Y''?_U\.SAQZ0M,E,5B\#.MW]W M;>0KB/4;^#O=(?YQ3D@WA'F26,)P^50^CMDS(&/V0N8-!!KC%A%>D_V)5;D) M&%^["2-3)M1+$\$I,0 I[ON2#L)W2]0%%JN#C+%X=3+[T%;+JF6C"W) &O^F M4?#EM:B63A "H("T-7:GLN>O!V,R+P1?]-V9G4(*A/ M#E#R^_?,.NQZNR%'^2(Z.=;23-PO>]CAAH1R/-*H;CEK+N%HK-TZ8>X?W&K /=P(TK??HTH[9#5:T:8O"O#N:4A!)"VR.(B MZ0M#U]=S 6IC):E'C@!0;J":+S8E -1 M(#9=7!R8MV-R$F%=%=F+5U;Q9K5I)@H'TA]:1$M&JO085 :V?:\OU@E,T2WWX@OHU/.3>A913>A^)C:B7?S9RDG! RW16E +J >?883G7ZO$9%ELWV=*X MN[U8@7NAC.J2I@*_7D TG ND/AWV(\ M6C :B:!3A9O8&6V$ /' MT0;*"GZF^(4;[7I=$ 1@,E%"557_CD=+B]V&W3$&_!XCY6%BZ8.! .)'Y[RT12_(= M1\"C\Y+4,GY_7F+B)@(#4J!U(.UU%'!9A("IJ @5O) 0*D7WX'@4.R??2'@P MO3BR-R?%$VT\SIA181T+WVK4"C (\C&U*$*9@M"4(P3Y%H5HE%] ;!-+ M#R34#&G@.T;+,Q6(_A#;H6_RU(3]J^HU5_2(]TJCH(\AT75$:+!'Q/'AQH>^ M^QH?NAWBJ"_4_ FM8*V2#\Z$XCAF615"S5 +;2L)/F:91%I=1MB7&=M9D9>^*UG!N A)P( "U /9=7,/3V@R M^NDUBE[?]U8&(6*NV(2AB?:E.U$H$D(I9&YB1BFTF6XW&FM2,1Q9-R +3UGR M(JR:#BO)B(8$"$\%6+BG!!SBP,;ZY2GBM12:"$/\I=QLL4;K)V :^_&5F #)#LV/B9P;K+ ASFW'IC-%=T+*= Z0YI_U??/]:M W=3"O >/+:J2)X)SSM0-6G'X9]$\^-OFW=1\ZP?.'B M2B%Q\=&%=:M\FTX*B]"CY,CACE:VE>?"F5@#K7#BPLL #Z[EPQ2=DIWWX^(\ M.1ADD!V'*XA4RE5"8L1')9Y33Y&6L9;P9X5_TWSZE14;.L^>;/"0.WV5--#- MCL.2.@2-&1;5?(6> JCEOC###\S=Z]#$B_3APE^J_M#25ML7 MT;!J:59OAPP-M&7,C 3??SA^-+ $ LS#C0#,8J M]3D@,M7B]IX /30KA&T%Q'5':M!ZL]V()S14?NIK%3BVFRHG\FE)]^RZ#X/& M)1XU0- I/BS"()S38R2?DJ=1RD-T")C6(J_THE2)5#&DLS&O93F));$C5Q0/ MX+Z6;H]H6*9^3! "(B*[BMF+[ ?D+4D5QKHQMD;6ANCKDZK#P4B>7U\*WD^. M_"!#8L"@D(C?F(@5!-&$L-7P>I)/8KMW:(]%](D;=%]\B@!V$JKP@LZH66D) M3G-D&.2$Q)I>V%E^[04@E:AX^!D$13=YX7QW2>#BOVT"U\_I2"(%B6V0X#_& MHWZL!K\-,7UQI@7THC2)0(Q)A04X' ZW?(\%-_9I#0BZ9$,;GD"D I@\ &\K M@E@'DE J\SO#NVGJRZL?;&#Q^Z^!Q5L&%H?I34V7*M,% MG34Y&(,D6PO,7GF.3^)]\=5:Y>3G>NU$NRY7D]^0MR=AB"7#_I7)9^S-O!KS M]YIZ8F^2# #HW%'6T%. 9[*%PKC@_L&:/L806G#I=%AY%9[W M%I6TW9>^GP?-G6PV&5,B0J=H?-V;TIN ()R2PZ$\0@-T )RX36@!>BD!&I_. MB:GO;K7&'LKB[B+;AXI;>>'[!Q>>QCWXB4Q2LUQUMN"1&R1INTJ?HL.-&@+) MD?CG4!&:"!N$OZ.AN:.=)O;?Y-R!Z>Q6W,Y@3"TW,+DJO(856(N:0]LW])>; M93'T_HM1 @7B\HQ1' MF75&U)#:E$SLROQ OAU Z%/U6 [ XQ'+IP:YM "+MC)@0TK\W1/>E8D.S_6?5 M-K"P"**::-^?G9M^LT#G;0S\XY,/;U__X\WD^=";/X=G CS^\_>W7]S_^A7X[X;\>__J3_NH_Y' _?GC[QGSXOJ/#01K' M7>= \B%$(I^PT\1&K5.Y!D&!#=9MWD-R[+FSG3$Y]EM[6J[K?S+0^AW,@]D, MWAA^_ "OW#I7*P%T@VQF.-9A&[VQHW@ M 4D]?; M1 HQ[:08^4%7NV UY2>+A4@>'2%(=Q :&A5\!D\*JY=-+RA MA\YSNZ/\#(\R\X_*67ZS=I;HO&*#@ B?[-D X 3SRT _[94>$I BP)'RP]+ RK,UU,'B&M/SRMT49B2J*#D "AT M0)[ I:2GU(UV5)(FH DNV,;U=[_TQ-SC!'7A*P ML5I>8Z3\4U B,BD5!!G -\T)$&.MV&; 3RD$ MT/LE2;NK2O3 :2@$8I[?9B,\>.2%VSNH2>+8!^L>JF M .Q"N7'*:NO;G:*U :EIS#5!OH:; K\'6X\%++(\A\DGK>B BU2 M7C :8'C!3);[K23[)3K A;(3K(JM^$;C[Z)+OR%:M8/?5,_QI@IILZ'?O-OR M[@ &X53MC/3-KAZ!]! 8SX0H'$JM)BHO,*CH\S/(EDH^N:>:W;D;W Z M77EN>]CNEL$L>^PS&8$:-:)WH75XO4WI-WJ/%GT3PL'C$X[*5;-6N(5 !!O0 M01?HM3B/RIV^@KI#;,ZF],X%(3P- Q8=92=DA5_[TG8_K;']*OXD^A=Q[X$. MA\]MD#RS E1YTP8GT?06,VV P>*TW>0Q4OMO\F'@%HYL6B M4I]?-*;K)@2^:CCDS#0&DT] V@$ _AP"I)9&B(;Z$AC$ MO@#U_0+5M\\POM^XZ3'+C%/>R;*_/H-6FU\*S!:9]PFBY^./"HQ14B80ZZV[ MQBLR[AMGC!"W4[E"L\)]NR)1"O[ 'G%VUU!A'J2RPQP (UCBQ[KHYEW0&S!D I)Q1W_\FY4. /'L>4T]MH"KM[N [D&C!3+[R.VCHJGA MM4P-@ 0. M\R&PV/%U] U>1_]U(LS: D&!SM9C^*Z5O7K>E6+EQ*#LP2L"V),@LVC_MK-Z@4PQ_Z.F%=,&*6LJ. MFE:5B#9QUSX ZIR#Y4'&Q)[^C4D=KN0&$ &0O&9^'#+@-T=7Y0V3$9 DW#%XE*'X^,3M\GF;*G+W,4 MA==^ " M$N0J4[EI;H=[WD"=92_Y%7 [*$ J&PUU1]4B]D1 /-*6KH V# MH4E/) OB]Y\SDWS=8_P%[/=WN-]OUY 3, '+Q QBILVN+CVS9I0Y4Y7.Q1 M^^_.Z;M4X0'W&;(UHW&$P3=_A#':+='.K>>)S@SDF&H5GG[_XLF!>VNXY?H> ME^M#^6=U[?/@E!$%/Z$P"QLK(GW5ME-B'/HMG!#W B ?O8>*ZT^[7P:/QE_SDJN\Y^"%L9*_'1!,9]#VJEFPK*?P!4O&."5 1JN . MDSODLRO2^! 5]R!ACB@Q#^E;C)O3MZ^/R:) M_[69X$^3-Y>"2=#@ UA3X0UHYXL?8U,)4[SDK$ UL1]4,_E6=D9N5WL8[ M7I=:NC?:A6.-?,7T R0Q =!4@R"$5,XSAD\6^W6YZ1O>[YE_GUA4$[Z76(" M_=T*F@LH[V.I'8\Z@D?#,G!C6QS6,=4>P(E\#U"ALET -RTX/C07-3SR;=/ MOYE**QVGCR_9?(2H(8C1Q\H,&2\\CL=P] Z&E;_Z N?AP4@V00O9\' 4+6Q]E"$R$G3YLIQOMD@VC;0YA/2S;57-[['.3S+O M0-#=G+OM1'6SV':;]DI*.^>3->!SJZG)(%! !(LUS\K5,E=@M.FKKE* Y-U"H#:W=10 =6Z3C&[Q M@ @4X"UG_L$L;35SO1.=3@7D** 2TR*.5NUD)IJ$?BSBW'VS,Z]G7F-?M8EX&1T[- M390.V H5L+YA!5F;6HEXP6'2WEYQ,Z H=@*94 .T/^ MT6MW +?4Y!3"5H0+ V$:(@)B-!62[IJ?'0 *Q5\TSH^N.0/O6Y, M@P\V0XU,=Q.Z2T"W8!N%R0L*>83\M"1Z*!T-5?F[?T$7LN9*6ZZ?5MKRK'?J M)NBGJ^!+RX.P2VY@O=K9M\,MTL%G1ESX&9G!%X* X'1.@V9]*4NPPTD>Y9^NW//L*K2KT$F9#)P[6$*]M2PUL2I,#-T5$@HO>5 ?WF&8Z25?6KM-$[H93'0*$%0=U$:BB3P>45_(@GO5\=H[P7_G MI@D%%TXU*PU+H00L>:(5;-G957UJW-.Y!-7*,=^[=96]!F9L;]!EF=_S[OC# MR=O?/D! *^JS5? 8UNA)"K1E#'UEIHO.B(FX+$11GE$@:T*EC91=UZN+2Z4S% F@B/02"NAA?L;*FG'7,A#G!,HG')XY"J;W[P$>Y14&02 MK^Y+I]R)*H$]E,F;E?M(VZSK^>2]>RI&F,!; :4)Q>+91CRJ?RW MSRL029.A@T@0/-(ILD4SJ^"?/E*&V:06;TFPU]Q5-.6F,^!Z-HOM'*_W27U> MGE:"AZ"@FM8.=3)>=- UE!F$H:;I.3L8HB\K7D(4$1,P+ RH_W&C/\Z_1GMM%>T)=@T?F7=MT'\NM M.ZDGX$W^XQ_O"M1 7;52/+3Q&-;PRW.I)V.DJ4G+T&U0@NUY-22U!Z+8WT?W M>P(R9+"AR&MJ$0?,: ' ,1,CBD6!0_"EXF:-'1O 95ACPYF-[M:L37-(&5P"9P\N+-_ MCMH3[ED)U$'NNG;24P9E2LD"A]GL-//I>V#@%8_7?=D;=#10)W_1H1>\=@LV M@PK1* O%=/CJV"UM>967D NT%CJ$VE)O"TT>1?%_KJ\%\JXROE@+@Y-RIZ%9 M;=E@33B68&5L25RA>R"!)N]XFY4^Q1V%E\^:14J=1Z@S$6>9GD RM3*X\,RX M&!@QC2P&#/ TG67@FS5W@.)Z9BQJN50A"T@=QB-[ IYA\@#VUN)Z*CW4 MVL-:VMC>I3/5]]&\1M>&-/GP, & =?) D]CQV/]+DD1Y@="RXG 7=YS4$L0@6C1U M24TEUSC8]490QYO=,1.ZL.:&:M%+IM*:<>!#OQ2X7)AN4 &50FE$ M"T\7ZA%,0AEJ 6,-=&&**YY?QCY^3K M@@42'D!EQ_#3W[ K*O4!#F5$2\DI-O92#T8ZMO6_W&%4Y5>OPJ_BL/FD.3H;)(CH0#% M[PMAK19LYQH\OJ20Y'U?O\O^ZY A"U?A%CLK8W J2$ZO&YJ) MSE!X=*P62 ^/#X.L//5+!)X+,#XJV+,KJ7 UD /2U!PCA4UKB*>+S],F [$0WR $NV+/IY-A)Z:D-%M!-6K?4 MWIQ(B(C5*NQ4G+.H&#,J51_G%P1EIX2ZI8%@[\%R2.3J8WILF Q'%3LF?=14 MAW!3:E(Z0Q:)6;.0K*._N0Q3U]S[;/Z(&&BR!I;08GHXT0F&1#N*47FM^@F1 M"N__W_+\XH=WQ>27IEE QP]U 27P!-W M6ANO7KUZ)-8% D/0\D*^^DE'_-C.( %(L__S%*G&. 1#=6\^U59/M__F:0U MYSHG>#9..C>AP=X6-YK2_2N;'1 >J#>%&^?*+N:C_PW >"QH\K"/D#G2=MX3-$=)431V#9NYN\D,4M.V MC@K]=[ ^TZ2[9Y948&?@(>([D0#1S:M!9T,:D\.A'!!# E3 MFJE4,ZC]_*OS/=;@8I)^1D 9,Z&V#;:WWN>.)T]N&TYVQLYP/#EHV!F ]^Q? M]^G)QIU(8T$/DG_W%*\>CW8'K"=1O-H$[#[[KMY!+B .AA^J-,07IP@IG&W% MV=/G*"]LMQ*R,(]ZLZ#_?=Z6>"_>\@)C; 0\Z69-$W,->0VG=#EX;#(!1549 M&U*5$ZTF[VMH"=B'4V?TG1GV8+0C9QZ?EA@6W/@.#ZNB*1]P >W)[\ 2G] W2NH@W#6354-5T O(6EZO%X#3/D$1P/+^C/@:'9& M.)X^>?3_23A BODLLV[L.!PE]@;2?R9F!/5HI 3 M_;S(?SP@$AZ/ B;A/4B2BQ[FX)!5UWLA/+^ (]?,LP"C >57#0 @7*[70FBQ*=B"J2SL6X65&K! MB/CS$/A$X.WVPJT3_.% XJ";_KM3:-[BJ_KWGJF*^[ONZK?:)L]_1=?7BFZ'K M2F*1=:O)YY@N/GN+[7E[?:&WENRVG'H$N578#F0Q01DW8=J[O>BPZQOHL8;N M%SI &?D^AZ&E^'R/X0ZGT\S,%12L5)% $/,7;FD5^8K[..K01XJIW?S M 4&KE:JY-D9A^_1_0 A.J M.2&5:LMC5I!_=@I8?CYONHW4, 2^0ALIIZ0P!T( K:F>S6XGWP8ZG0UE=G4' M('A)MX \7?EFT-'#=.I0QP%$ /[DL%^)CZ O>:5W M"*6^F((*.[_8:*:&,LGGE? >D$L+?Q;#$[3$!:=KX=)6T]U# 94@TCW\SZM8 M=RB#/&Y%QS2^LZO(3$]I4JR17LC?>ZK"W.I*KT4AKF^I0H%-KJWPS_ OY)E* MZN[]=,"J$VBQ8KL8/[F ."&TH$]QNL31C0 I9TR2H>E[2Q;B#*'==5XBC^@/ M]Q]*K)+=AWDGT .>VVZB3"L9'C+J_NR[!2ZJ;N[6#.,F$2#_Z9.G1Q^G1T\Q M[4/TMYH\RK21@.6E3QTOH6,D9H*)^%ZPC&0D,I#+8MEWO3?'BO\+Q$"8#:@E MJMK0+4*9063.SFFN#C3-U4VF^0,$VH6!#QG#M,7&KC&/1]&@I2 ]H_9T*+R@YL0,/#HZI8(58@.*X,^'J&2!^(Z,#1KM]JF0@B:7PXE# MWURY4*VWKFWERR7XB,R?OD=[K.3:*+1CAZ$H0X\ RAC8N$NC;$X_>!NO?3X!;P'8+> M/4X:6\ 5>Z>]=IDN.YKTO? :8_ #CF;:X>@OQ$3_Z /;DR;,ID390G]USZG.&^ AJHJ/U'1\DA^Y? M>XI5DIAQPB+>UF]W:GF+;_&IFN&SO>7JE,]X=+;97/SU+W_Y].G38V>R/CYM M+A]/[DH(07TY6SWZ(M!?^56 6L#M6D7"/M63;C(YQ?!2P[A)^5P2]\15UI\" M D\9RNX8DU]9J%OV! .21]3B=7 &5Q' 9[CV+DA N!G'1K)[C^]U:)_X^-W =IH>SC4VRB20E_V(V+,][G:M",>D:FQV2Q.AE M)3U=+JM5 SZWS2( W-''\(]$("/ /D]?.%]^2E2X8C)Z+ M6A! D"=&0\WB X( JNNBMH$4OGFNU93KJ4+;0M*;3GIX0S$8^$8QJUY>U^Q[\ H!0^;5,Z+1QR;)VEQGSJK9S59].=5>THQ8\FTTZU5 M.L/9W2[ LKN$OR,M#3#0=^Z(U/2A5>U.UT)A8^YOPK(7O(?T@99SO81 6?[8.XN&!E?3?W MJN%@H322*>C$"=K_][R^JRAO %FE*%BCC):D#X?^ELP 7WGV7^( _ #7^#;=J 2*OM9 ^OJ-NLC5 3-ZNNRTHM^JZ M8@AKH^(1RZ-S8V5S43?#,[1E!P?&J:'MGMI1=_Q3TWXDJWC!,!\-$D/ VTL[VN+?6E4*K4H2B)Y/GOF4:6$!X[G8MZ9V++96]U[(K M$[%Y,$0JOP1P&\)DF02**CG(?">'O^X^$E>)FQN%9MW>8+*#QD$Z4Q\^J=:G MSA/4;DUXJ T5J6P#..S"%AM]=CR2#Z\:#@[E+HSA+K(0@#KR")K5\A%.NLK. M;DUT^K(&--EM1]U*S9 HEJXA6J.IC!207:C-3#!1OB)VCJJ)KPW65V7U>]>H(L-U(&K&D9 M1M^RS) Y)G!$ D52/F@W"#RV\477,!0QJ[%W*D"NC.F]B&F\E-3Q1967E"Y& M&N/KI&H*ZB!G>,NH%I@\#612NZR[>L.G@:XE4)P/-L#UW= #Y# MBV MFN&"FI*924(\C^MQ+-Q280XVWU+]OJ,MI-M]Y--N";J4 I0&3 MP3'V9VD.;L1^B[?3ZR@9# I!U[\@O+4!43/?+L_Q+6U"ZYE M&,"EF40Y8L2$UE3-7M,EYLWZLFX;>0;,:KJ'H=K7G'UB>K/?U)8%%O,OJ)FU MDX#O4 )^[\1]P59D?7DBV/"DZU/A;)K+9H4E.+YW5$C[TV%K8'4QYN5%+;QR M2PTE2J-J:0!1! V:2' ]Y2 @]JF?'WD9$CN^K.D65R DW11Y_7$0V! [^5]\T/\RB00;_[^& _P7)(EX*680M1NZ[(3 8ZATUF\]L MF'L=$6E;K)WIMN3MBRO:D DY0 0,QK\]?5(\ M>8+_)1;+OSW[QOPMMEXDBX9IGG+5%;Y8MB/^;-6@6L)53'[\W:"8?X?^QQ.0 M HT_Y0:-]G.P=#6!F-U'6Z;+]_Q76*W$)C>.K+!5O,&X-(3-YAP2#\B+*ZB+ M5TW95N?U]MRT*Z(/4 +1"Y;I5:O%Y+"CA#:KO? ^$;@C66NX1TSG@D^_L MEP#/ X\T3VQV!\T\,PS*7O4G") Q U!J3&\ M@.;_O:TY 8W@XF[3;C7V4I\CK-7BL);UG]3 VO^2__@+MD\IMG MO-A;>=5>VWLB=K;]G?)_]FW )$2Y(3\1J8EA?*IEFX@FZ/Q ,T-Q,/>[,Q=- MU 2YT,O5 A-[W*"K^*KL- HZ^V/$\Q]QS81"&W-87VB MT/\2S8[)W5L=8,(=T.RX[RI(N]1HQ)GK'C>*\ M=> ,>41F:^2QA3X@: X#C MZ977$>P%EO"\7)V6Y^6&A B?%H8"NFB@;A.4$FF726#_C#MH=]N;A/A _%]!T(.U(,\,1#Q4\) M5$H'ZEEA/70J&2I!8V2P&; JP"C)\R^CP8;])LHC_:MHL&5DW(1-F'T/ M/&>U 4Z!K*-%/!?M7E*\!UAAY M^JQ>""03CRFF.QEB&+8K[+7,I@4"";;8T*BQ%AL@2C9,('AQ4;DOSYKU@H"C MVED7?T5#-HN ,&6D]S/-C W'"@W,?@-/WZ(AW>,)FZT 2.&9/7?H4&B"Q_>C1L6IZ9Z=9=C>3:&%@1S# MCI6Y5\FMHX6!0R51TB7GDSH0-F3@$LT(46&BQ,) ;KJ(+:^$&@]N;L+BG\%?A=$"./+=, MU/HU5)@_U9UO9D"?A!@X?W1Z@!W](]5%#$Q'2E9=#F>_P"T2 &Q[ J9B,77QE++2D/P)SD+P'NI5(EIZ>UXH(?1B MJ]\J @:I(/L7-/#.>)YAWC7 /;)OSV57"W\=VA4X$OA$ ,P%"G.;3FF), -:@#.H($UX*YT" MNGN1QQA6X:-[%$/$,*:"D8@HXG%67E*HSX(F$L43-^^]2PA%DN"E%?'U- Q2>&FHYC3#G)A1DBIV MFPCC/$-471PQ@8Y7^*FN7SQL6+30:&EO@#0(Q4AX,[DSDGOEP 0G:+.$&7] ML(',^93OT&;=EY8S\6S-%]+G6+!2+LY4'N58QB"MO1*SN@]-SC(W2>,XV5K$ M.=5)G%*]1[G3BMLO0O#L!'NR/T?)J3?M ? 82VDFW3=8_FS0HZ5+3E M"OO^@,Q1EL(PJ\/0[?-M4C#S@H L' & M)B":+;VIHSOPSO$*"0VZ>VPQ8-[?X345H-EN[(; 3='/[P+U"/A.4_0P:+0>Z"(0(VF=U[)2;9EDY;SUPT=C0*N1A1,' MT)X72@URQ418O/?0\8"CC$RO2XH%"X"D&\NJ% )I7.9DX%#V+7S.QJK>")WY M_8>;EM.X%5;0OR!S\: RFOS'60/AEM\PK! UI.T\SJ!S-V5# M3LLUUU2ZXV/(_)?[/;$1FG, JHR1U*T M!SK/KV1@JS0V$>K$LW;G$(E$G/5)E?# J@2-$X5;[LH+D/]J;'AG*9["X*X& M DVZUMDM L-(H'(KR./G^@1/9'263CHO3X M.7>;P.8LQU&3]BM. XG[I[>G-\]OWW$".LAY?S0Y;V 'V2 [-G7 -GM^*W^?PAU(#+FGYU!5C)-T&MJ OYXM.,% +9POQ ],$/"S$L@(0<>[RI5Z8T6!3 M4G?@'LU XVV(B=!T*^R)<>5HA( [&>G#D9?AD_.=F'0E7$R.N9#CN0QN53&F M\.GGSLR&W(/V08F:E7.L+$>G9EKL!!1ILRJ@2%-B'^,/8[L9W5"1E=PNVO7( MQ&^AGY6VW[$=X.EZ;B]Y-FXX7+JA##W!-_8?4$@+U#,:&\?K&4Q?F/>I#3KJ M(P!-CYZXH :2 EGY^K4 B2Q#D8G, MZ&XD!&WW?NX1#)(ZD[EE/?8?.9:/P!)3B[(I)J\1)HX8'IK^O+) 7P5>\ZAVN; M9Q\-^Q,682 ,)4!.A*0BMVR+&!R?L#&B72TI@"'.:5X#[L] -TRT#*JJ MQZ,=#0R=#.5['+ZVC?C(BUIIW59PE.J-E 3#J6 4))((TW2P$0K+!RN$P4,@ MBBEWWE0=Z8DRWC)G)Y0AMHOCRL9E?34M,@J3NSM/.$MG]">&-GS&8D"/3JZM M1BTW)^KJ(,IHW5?KNB)_)#G!.'BL2'!Z!^=;4 06F!@#KLAKC FX;ITR^X-C M'8&'\/WCI]^[!9Q1,H[D4>9/(G@ 'P; O5D?(0_%3E@I 8R=M P\JUU7XCU;IE=,PD8.\=I6)=YA^[!>'0D,]D! M2( 5;?G(?S1)H^HF]Y_FEE-U CF^139;"O+*&.0-5ZH(3:W0$>?V8E10V"BL+MR5\(I0'#F MA;GO -.[$B )Q,-7*\IC6N[-!QDO>_XU7O8Y0TLON(I&;"PLCN@/PPXP:C+= MQFZ"35P;9KT9S,P))_MARF0HL=V?-OQ4=C052&CC; (;/U0%!\@/SO:;@M2- M(WX#-A N6>PB"9_N8V'$4O'QZ!,B(QXU(3*"KT?"]' M34^*FVO.[5 I)HH#,%AXPT2[> ZM5V$AJ+EK[4AR%W:3!J)*U?(DDUB?=>V(UO2 M_7^Y70FVQ!O0>1QN1IU/+!A!B?B77#^+G1B.N+P2@LX-&"(P"4-,SB][C864 MZ ]/)0KHK%OGQ5@^3IK'JEF?/H)G!-)_X$86V)#22;JSMZK+J@6'Y01FN)NF MO*!N.!SN[_YO>^^ZU$:6K8O^)X)WR%AG[1,H(DW[4N6Z]:G8,LAE=6-P Z[: M%2OVCT1*0;:%DI4IX6(]_9GC.L><>9$P+F.ZV;%VM0$I 1%#\LES$HEF_9M\,T#W8T0HC+/(YS*^ (GZ&.: ^K@9;1;LZ0NN@ILYPXUI-KH2.SI?VQC&SC? @%]F?Q27J\OX[+1J M5*%W=@/\QITD.5$18JOL.KUZLF=%/7&;X.1IQ MJI HO?7C0$L+ZH\QXA-3@U/X1'2:CH = M'_*;K-3(%VA$:HIB^;' /[V@.O>7[FD!G]82HCWMH_P(QFD#B ML+;,BCDWA.((A'A(;"]A9D4+$HK+,T!)DP6IF9[8A82O[0'YG?_PQXM\P6DI MDI0MC;!77"R8W8!SFFIV@ :@ 1L;MB*[\#RW;-D]A0Q[Q'5Y!@2[PK3%^)T;;4"6 MFDZSI2D)"^L3X[:1ST%'N(^[?[[@* .OS/96%-FFLC,FFX?$_8"W=^A.R\3) MDE_']U,G^KG6#**&K8O6/*]6"%-E,ZP9^4Z!^$VAP3V604X[1/&=Q..+@+%% MW!Z^*QHJ:W6 )+JF*\<>-3\$PRMG.82J0> O.99$*#51^.17WP_3^T;1"3D' MV-:9^BW>D+S2[#^2&JL!5'F-S,BKK)K.I4,$ZMI!B^FC_G+(H[2QLE1]O-,* M+J:TP'F537+9?-M*DE+8]Y+E."?52%$CPHO(?0*CES/ZU"!3BWU;5\MS* $)2:GS>UB:XH#SN1\JPT] MYB_OC =0D$0$+4WU:N#UZ.DHSEV3UVL1%&"5"I8;G2HJ'/5Z+16MEHK*2DEA MI9&.$85 \F9.R]7.J0,FP,0Y95-4$SY-X"2Z)\OH,*>"MB(M8GL\,/JF1]TQ M\:PQP5B\]MH;^JW QC'7#^UHM"$,Y.T=C!+7FM4Y8B:I#1$ MF-):?00\K(!6)K9XOT,V_ 1A;9\V&VO:3$?GW)]SJ8%J4HIY!C5&PH2VHF6N M@[OC@5S==BB(&]ATMN&LN4E$/G $SR970];KNIRO$!:, 0ZI5*QSH?*0- L[1N#9Z%/W%E2:I_MJ7-S,)^NFN@ M&89&5[NT/2EN1)_!>]$S "6-QDO5C5Q^F&? M-LKW [P#NB$!*\EL#A4#GG[)AT@OL2D7LO==F^%Y$C%X"7HE.54^**[)9##, M9&)V,4#H5\7TW)=X4+RBN$RHI5TRRR;(/@/MWJZ[3EK(+]G3*C:B1 HKOKH[ M\;:(5+_ XC ,[VUD,1QE)_8: \=@,MN2=&K8PQS"K8\&HBAH-#=@(>DR*2\//Y MTIKF9Y"?!-.NSO,/Z/#+E@K3 A,N6NHXX*=6=PF@401B SN1, & RHL+ 2^%DCA0+=9ZC#,JL+5I5_K\O(UMK /$NM MU[IQ@S>Y50\WVO;R,=IVMVA;AT!-K#SM5!4;"MD0=')C+P$*$:0+6JFQTWH1 M(Y.^25/U0JI'4 @O#&,==?6EIZ,VDKP>\GC72V:8 [/06ZO^(L3-Y>M"=L0]\#?>99J;729MC=>LBY)%^A(FK1Z&%'BPZ" MU0V/@F7S74^\/" 72N2P^[\:X[I3^)I@LA7,X21\'K20UITE$RP[S^ 008K( MZE1_&L 5X"VE5'%RGB] U,)"N*NL'+%8XH'T$[A4Y'25%.KRWL22T\W@D53. MB41T/*V;:4(KA%D [0M_?3,/9VVI4=B!4F8Z'*=7I)2PW0?IA8@ SD5.6"3G$+E;>$Y.N6ZB%NL0Q3$1;RU, MZ1O#\Z@-,;O>[T_^\_FWOF'93NA54R-S*H X,[T]!][PJC"F:LZUW:VT[]*3 M&WIYUA(HC@$*50[8=#(C.>C9@)^\?$KD/ *1I[H)@9U0\9=4&)BUPLLGJPGQ M H1Y$F$M?=B3L/CXY)DI+ .*HF5V W%8@8Y-0M\+V6;@9"%U _+!ZAOEUF)T M>;F$*"Y&JJ]OB 9F;43/E+?$A=MNB=B@#&9Y/RUC(4-]/#X9 C2D%WP-0*?1U::$6YT"3^2F(*TEV@4MXX:!:PN^ E1O=PG-B^H"0MH=6 M-GIR$ -?"]2BP YD%+EO. )U-ZAIJX2;:@6DW=M;!N7N?:_^EX86 %\,E ML+8SK,3S-HI8R*A0_8WP=3:>-&KI+1/T+S!O !!.F'K]HX%;Z#6(;DXJ]HT[ MOT+S9O[,T_)?-X5\-F$WS=T& ) 90$O&)0-@02M(;Z)FV] &?H>>]9!9S+][C&O=+:[5J._H@$P'MS7B M K&Y+&X%@FX[9'%]6\HH1W*PEXS^ EI!L5'PH$+)#$I'$ X@ UF1DZ8BE;?L:15Z,0"]0O(F*1QS@*N[\9 =LP]%IFKSC7":?_5AN;[6?RSXND>??_(F5T-]_Z4KH4ZYP?C/2ZN8A M_VK_[?AP?')Z/#P=_]K\ZR].^GXE!='?2T'TD.B,_\=3?@[Q8U07/ 3;5+D8A'$@8 M/I$/MZXA("NMW";9538IN!*"JL'Z>+D]:7S$+\MW#9 P@[Z>UBJFO$]E':66#XMFC(AG,1Z,*=Q%)9_O M/FS@O#.4-=XVC(LB0C755 Z7CVGVT TH2" ]/T='JFLRIO)2D' L1GRG (=I+#B+ "=T]7RANB& M)Q/?YG;F$>M])4I?_B* &4 37PRKUM09 K>@$,=^Y5 ME_GD(EN )4S:.IRZ>^\"JBSR#J7&MXSCS)&:4R:-YIHZ%8:+JB20A*>U$3-. M7_EFG722"'=+"3L3 RHZX?6K6H\-$AH2-P^N#O>7D+Z& IJ CPUD)K$@#J/F[$)CT%$CF1UF"W XO42D!P3( )@1QBDH\A.A&]E6%MG:C MC[W0=A'BYO Q&$VUG6,%QUJEU>HV3&_5"\1=%/:FP MM3QB4+571^#9-#Y'!KPVR O_V#3TO:8(9L4K&GMAO7X2%>7Y DL_R)H;F%"0 M3,!%_(Y&N:Y6IG-$:P5DKDP% S(F.\\;YD[M$21NJZ%*&8JV0'OT.$7R%2?$ MR !D"- /N95C5.9_"O@),K4"?/.AM?6;89)DSHTGJU**3=B9\J/EDA (Q[CKI7[ !U[%*B_!9QUR3\X[K@CQ^RJ^+/2D($2J)UE^A M5>YEERU)XZJ%-@AMIP=_4[MC]7A1V:)$$_VLYOHPC&\6% 3\_5@/6$+#AN\G"7Q3PFB)8+M -5$,HK47#HCHQ_G[Z8 MTE.%D=-]ABBML 0_3EFDR,+;$9S2Y/EZ /6A]'S= Y )+QC2#RMLR45[(,$/HV")V(]57[T7%LW%3$ M1XWU6E75LK6@D\^D+>C%:.,*4?=4:'&=S5> >A;@6AK!UM*8PZ2"6(,[5KDM MQFTE1.3(H# %5 UD,G1=A> ]Y[D@EUC28;"#3\],-9CQ*RQ$1E\NF'%K7W+ M#)2(AI^6R.CM$^)+#@UPGTB,_Z+4LR\JJQLE26P;UF[2R P6'.?0%0B>L$ %C?NMGL#,:)/\%^JRZSJ?_EQR%U^NV MI5Z=E="KEU^- [HR6I8,W.-# ZG05S62ZP+L8C[ZFY9A&2 M=2D4GA)2"''W'O%^4?^W-A)1++!A@3-TK,&MIJJOLDUJ@*]3@GT*"=1 DC1? MMI&9CDNV*+>WO!:-L7) 8-;G21>$#PG?8! 80ABN[8\E!MX[XP'/7@;X?[UA0#@ MDJ _)J!AX](3C*$]58^+/:#]AJ_-"_I.VQE)LNNL(-]2PDG=^7]/\+7VL1HF MT.F@U7:6:X1G*B]T!QNWOZ#LG-MZ8FG5C2 FM^;HJY,;J,6D#Y1G M_Y?R/X^ O@12EP64^^.2;O>%3 4]]!);@X@X M8PC?7*K[YE0^&0=9_=[[R:)'0FDA#B;R3_( J1Q)Y8XX[12$)#C*F-KHB'>. MT\ U)J=5T@6V>3W(4DAJ54[Q39)+B/R=NX=C/W)H.XAG"7(V.>")G&D(#26= M_R1$*10-@?6!_II0G"/!10G=DJ1A?U\ 99ZV$V7,%(K_S5 _XID%H!PL\,2: ML=1]4. Y?BHIG&$?;4_;* ;[(G79O"X1Z_2YM]$WC4!]25&WDM!, VM*Z?Z-H[+T&JZ#$ 9VFUK[I)-%0EUC1Q#0E" =2=&;1DB MLPJMIC 8X5$\@B9P"I*1K1F*,_7HBKK&^JTT[(VA[='Y*[GD ?!B,L=6@]0@K+W0"/ M0'(@N\G54 ""56 >J5!Q8*H8CC[S\U,:03@_@@\"" DE,=M[T[:IQ"F>;U2* M5(R>6QK(6D236.?0'D?"K8U'[4P&7Q'8$:^QZ93"QB@6G@ Y!Z/NP+X4'\18 M5!X/8,JW8&]]&74;/D)@#\26C9\RM!M_?7UT>*JN_853P4_JJVR2_^A ]5__ I_]6>H,Y'CWZ3VNE,:SL?F;Y$7-Y>+RI]NNE\Z>PN7L MAL(XHPPMS27_8[*:7V4H24//($@# 8:)LN- Q#U/&DM7]G.N;VO=& MLVBL$,BF:T)=MX)TW#K @H7UN5"/1HC MC,[#B$PZ^,&&$)\]?0PAWBV$"%+/(P!8N]W^O@H6O4G8NS[MK_%[PI>L10!H M_CV;8' %K]V&$ ?VU,D E3E_\ ^D&L"_K#'@!B@H*C!"E9FV ,TC:; %R_R.7=CF -YU,!#3;K: C5ZQE)/MXL!$L5XIOP69B58EJ#E#U8@ MLFF"U'M E_T6CN4==AB9-ZWIY54GY $Q:YUS@9,D(827 !!EU8[]%C.]$SQLWQD/#,;!C5]L\&JX)]@OB8-DG-= M'Q9H 5LY#]O\B_]D#_^Q% M@,?P/4$_B1 &"W\1[8:YV[^F]@K3$#H9Y@F.SQ/^+,'NJ12RNTV%A52V+[UK M6N.8 C#563\ GJ8UE?JGV?J]\]F83232F>VQX>6@,:-M6 ;NYR!23IO $-*!ZGV@4G'XQ#JQ*-A/A-NA5R MF&W-R6U($!4?O=J!2YFDTZ>1T2$%A\ 2HF ;^'AT[C ="%**L0!((+L[U%R$\PL3D6 MO>E8,3RN ]6VJ.9) S:# >Y. ,12[RFF6]AUV;+MO28@#LA7V-ZZ M78R(U%)OL*6ETZO4[F@DM/0I J H1W1K30DJ711#0*1 5RF7W0,H@3_Y3! ' MQFH+O5M62\"( :8D@,YNF$!- 3A&_6/Q;,_PUBEU%#N$H+E$ XU2?E9PS&X P8+;V M*:H%8%&G(DT1[42"R)38(FKT'I)Z85XO)H&$:[):0&NHECXV2!F6AC1:''MO MLG]UPD4H* ;(+'EEPF_DF#=.RE0G33TE4"TY.:T:(NR'4XE"_$B-5FR+0UR3 M.G)5>P,K'=(M@#'02@=!BSIYOOOL>0K_?8'__1;_^Q+_^QU.#RR :R8DPI3 MO>_:;L!??.*8^_*-7LX&5& 4'00.6-RJ:*=8#6H5^ MM UU:!MXDQ7#X1V[+\ F*]D1TP7"-RL2 )II6R2]%M#%-^TB_ HTND*T]SN M0$K,QX21)6/&TOEKV+&*WZ1'B@_2QUF5 G3GM3S6AF3;+=).26-N;$MP$:\BPLTON!T: MEX"R;>$=8F41T:WK1>GY3Y5!CQ+$[F"6 &56"?]8 /Y&(FGKBD' ,)QC%"SJ M8I;:?D;N!ZUUH!% Y^ MO0-;;LF7S\O'(,YPP3U:O/9P JFF#!PQQY-^%I M\YRJH/Q7*>4#21H(=M AQHR0$DZA0>)4.+73]/1733AJ,!.I/]$21D_.7M1, M 1M(W"^&HP4(1H- A"R^4U= N0?!' 8GX8*&=\3_\ @N[=H.?S-_/ MJ *ZF*ZP(($$&\8:L,E8JGPB?WWU\SMZ M^%__\NIG(1-!>M2\JLI%7JZ 5P#IO4R1V5H8NDZ,E3=(W$72_*;]T@!J\?B* MO?/3QVR 41E =]]Q8"7W)=U"1I/,8O!"56*1]>2 M67-V@;KLS3$@+6,"G!"FF&*0]DV^79N1"@-L]]42M@VQ(D 8P_$&)."G]"1 MBU^)S;\?-%!)9 *7*^'T\\6W%\P-T+,CC3'#R+J$.Q#\A@^5EH 1TY3[M+-_5/$?+ 9 @Q8DQF3E 3H8%K]@88NP-K$@NU>%CO;S@?P@V]=@]+B>4,HE6+8@:B M#;1J=0^9\$U, Z!:QPSER'C./)* @#N MP'V$R&[6K\BU P6ABED+T KLH,0*IM" M3BW8+ @-O-HO=)O6 %:5VGX*:5L?;OCMQ6/X[>Y$9C[W?NMP3*O]Q-(] Q7.VJ03YTH3_QWLR :*2\@(WE.>SC;41V=3HF-G!I-[BIW#%;D&9[IPO M2 %9')CR#L,HYGDEG8 \-O-FPR2/J23\ 0-/1A[2.^IVP7=M:36H=V@&;KOH-, G)$O9Z^.J>Z M+J1&U-1.4$)@GDUR20FL #\CP\E3A-DQGMTH,4_X;,\;3D>WA:O4-LWU MSY!,1DC"4UDI!Y02;I[VFHHK'NO]+[^GMV9'=4Z5PC((7R3U/D#BERN2'>TD MZ'0NU/\!1QVF@=;&[2CLL% Y\GJW"771UBS.A ML0@&X($J00[=-%VS0$34P 'M5=U'X30@]Y;KVJ38JE%M;:IP2(:V\8VDRB'= M62B$,X]"OS'3AL)%!(;77K]YG\EYU34&L4;^-_+QU[CJO%;&5::#S1)9-P5% M8$(-5E/$,(2EB(;>7I7"K1[:]*SY2Q,P66IA-6\?3[,.J]M]2 4BF/8K\Y(+ M@%J.UO:6) MC+N!U(M!8"*SK[="XXZD!N)D(6&QK$E&N.WF,GR8WV6>+1C O[C[>5K['G?;+IS_D/.K('X?':_"&B)?L0CB%$XH@MPJ M/=R US>/ :\_63\X!;$S;.CY;!%?7+X/G)XD[?\/$ F:@3'H[KWCT.IJD>S!,:W 1R"4%_@=\.R$8R%0$V/N ^&O6RO;6I?KE/*_=Z8 N9PP9RIKD ;DB@$D_T^E8S#>$@@J'2/C=_ M6F0%^IWT!U:8F/I?++*21(&5YJN8[DL"%IEIA]V: \'X1:SSR:4Q[ %?JXEO MZJ_!&FDE"J8&9)I L'UV,)U.68&^-$Y;6'=M@9TO&)12.SYN4D.W+ ?W@(4, M8E'?[SY]O@N)/,U/[07D6Y#8NX ]9HZ(Y4*_F 5R"@F9]4M\X M8_O2DG+^]=7/0ZFHT\F^*ZME-C=PS/O8R+,!8)HNA 4]Z1HFI1>08+&X1%F5 MGV$F#/X$)B)4H8N!R&&G^ 78*>7 MY90\IO4)7 MHLKU)O!:+^1&SQ"G5*AGO_^7*2=B/3C$K90-3+^(F#KBP,N:- ML;^,CG;$R[N60&![R[:R@8=> 9) \31Z ME>+. C(SRE&2,D M?;>-Q8RJJ3+JM:K ."W\9I0,W[T[ M/OIUM)^\.CH^/OIM=)R\.SH^'1XDXY,$_C+>=W\C130\ _#IY-SP^'8].DAWWX?W1Z_$AO&]T CP]')27+T&O^N(W5_?/O^ MT+WC='QTF,+'\>O[HW^\QZ^_[I\AS&'T?]X=NT /AJ M?# ^_3UY[9XX [1[[\GI\/3]Z='Q[^ZWAWL'[_?'A[_@5^PCWHZ. M]]ZX'WCH:?)Z?(IK!G,8T@;LO3\8NLF_/WYW=#)*UX=R#H\.GXP/7Q^[]XW> MNF,M;B2NZ_AX'Y_Z^_;6\?B7-Z>X1*^/1Z/]H[?N?]U_?AT?OS\9T=*YQ8!% MV!_!]H_V3F&&)\E;MU7)J]^3CM/BEGGOZ/#0?=RMFKMLIV]ZMO]$M[]CNW?A M>6[A1[^.8-IOA@ C@_')Z?'[C&_NA]_ 7]Q#X E/)3S-';; M[/;H'0S+??YX=# \'>W[(^YDQ '][ !(> M.W^N]L?';O#P'? :P%S'PX-T>\M]SLF#0SCB># [7_"#T^3@ MZ(2WW9WFT2'\>^>W-R, M.+T)1_O;^&3DS,GC\0D,X^C]:7S; MR3T]2=S7#D_X*L)GNH[#Z9OCH_>_T)$9@TP^')VN/R-?W(BV!Z3'3_.G!',, MB%H,JM[5IP&SY)@[,%);1 @'CZ1;A_[)U)-Y5-OV%O^:>SB*&?=I3>T\R9U4 M=6F9I9U@:@EWVOI JDVK\3-B%FET$= %M/PK2A5K??@(.E!#D:QEGV8P''.W M& NN"4W>U&7L\HZ^?" 5/' V ]\,8"2^:A1P9W'\>S%;0?B#(@#B&DZ^Z*Z*CG9 M=?L[ 9LME ^)$P$O7C[Y_OD/GV2A?HY;][ 7.3NQ&M?DJ&BVGE_O[*^?H?;^[O MTOW-#>9_7\EQH>LVI$&%O[X'!19HL#:W\AYNUM_>O47"]V3O DQHJ@0_W!WV MN:9_DDI[\6Q[ZR39S[/JK*P63IJGR>MYZ:P05BM? T?@?F[;C\D_KRYW,QS,[J0J M_K?[$ DU+Q8?[G'-!.$'R\-#A"6;@)2Z+_'MY/ WT"2.5ALB_?>6Z4^=2"]7SL(4L2XR_>#Y%Q_,R:IP=NS:].;XX-F3I]]\ M_]0V(_^B-Z!%]SQ_X=R]>]4]>Z)U3O/L\HMOW6D^_W$#,/?Z*H2G3Y^\>/G- MDV [O/HI]-W F+,# Y]7T=Q\ MK0J5;0> 7W@*/B1+5FLC9(CT&9P$89LNZ& M2\B@1PGEC]!K6GCC:+\E 6PN L.! JF*Q0>[9M)'6JH7H M(=R-DY]T3X4CA^N2XU%ST/9:($]&Q:@BO]1E97J 388**JH[4$6]55AI M2]57X2N#D=& +FUT'+:W_'DXNUE[\S8\"FYEBJN"U@XI_:1?&14!=IP*>@JU MLO ^L]E4MW;KRG M9078S*0JSJ KAU9&KX6R2(M:J#9"V:;:,9* TM@M8RQ;L\EX&M^931M+/58L+U[6YZUV[H=&'X:Y&@ M!D2.>W$\KD'$_VV.=WRJREH[\/7>DPT6SO[A:JG3;BY-*GH]W!KL&$=[/15\ ME1=55#H.1R 5P-5,,%&^S8!'!X:HJ '[=_9/A+0"///>M M9B^@!:W@),W"]BY"K]6 ;V0%45[E0ANC;^1-7CA%ZW^)?/_*1 X0:QSQ"-$>E^.EDWTU"PAM!GMD7:).F]%.).J:+Z$['9F]1+ M!QAK6!H09&C1P 4(_KJ]!8UM-K$">N7?JE[7T\!8M23JG4![N-&L[Q^C67=8 M3VA R42=>#WU0*@6XMI$YWAXEM(-&CS%3:4]RPG )IL"GO^> : K6>U,Q.RLP!IG$*#8%(A,:B83J$7ZA142=UX#;/?R M>0K D3M9N,@:]=_KU@QFXCES>)$_%%!AQ.OE% "DE *^+"DT>8\), 9;SG_N$Z9H-;^=> MB0MOJ@TV; Q=FK:WJ!T+C?83!Z5LW?X:1(HZ-0XT_3MPH>7QN*3L3 =MX%,!.B 7JV 7]L- M^X"'S"SC3,IMNN8B$3OT2B0>]HFOAB,JX:PJT-LN5XWJ':7JK]:6-07,(U"V MUTY'L$:9PV7#&HV0-5R=!""IP"7; 6MC+4/2+5 R=J%G-E[EI M779>E76]O;7(SYT*Q#9G984DV+/5/'%+[J8Q74TVZG+0?OZ_?$U97"%$Y$*_ M00?/JOYI>VLHI:&F7.A+ES4Z?3!S"G]5X7I/W9+=],F];JF@7%E"*26Z@BOF MH(43DG($?/@K;A/8SAU%XLXY>\1A#*S_V/^TDM@15.6*#* .J>85W+AZF5^51,%J+N0$^GIUG@>4,,Y MX9>;B7$XC6)H,B:)@/'ECL @XL&I)33(J_[+D;:4Y\J\6*_ M+4J78CS%L%,!"@CW[Q4WY$%"E0JA\"#:J.&I6BM>2>M8Q=&ZX4X\/IH&TH&M M%-QH7@KMR""_:!0HHYCS=9532#(MX5@WJH\Q T"J4M"_ M2AL=^ -5+&"J91>QGZ#Y,$8JEB;7Z!9DQ@7!K%3.XX0H>.!M'!J^:?8JH4]S MWQ[8'V>APO: QN 0 2@0+VJWO*!(VT,CS(,9JV03L3&^J;#G3+ M]#PNB >TY2HMI/&.WCB14AQGQWV90G/32PJ;6O8P,FP:4:3XO(15T!1^4;9 M^:&V)9WH-V/8%2ST\$KW-/\3*7 LB)I M#O:2_:+V'7I0W>BWT8# GG11C]@=W/"'W GRA\ 25RLD(% MI!=%J(#E))%MZEDN++%#R[FTLB1P$)[O/GOA9#6U4^2C"P^:061:&Q2VWJCM MK98KE=L^W&A5"$\+]'A#U#Z]&"+35Q#@0EMB /4 D#2->>6?[KJO,H0XC$+8=R(-+KJ*AY2VD'R;">0 MFU,'0)O2H5G=.GV9E'.*"TO<>V.D)'X?7\(\/ZH+;\*]_6[WZ3/G;:T5@[U[ MMKWE^:A9%L ML621@,$@Z+-8)>=5QIT^U>'97,N:O6C:"V$#TW[S 6>2RCQLI(V/+0F(U@Z3 MO7XJ3CH.+RQ;4(7&7[63)BQ)R]2[7XD3W.25;8V [\,%F" 8K+TGY6:0MZAE MY9TKL3Y+?[F&F]_:.+(U3B3=&]@A0="/.;/]9KEOS]>;IX9% \)?BA1=GA7G M*\QV2.XHY?P"Q;GAY $B$FSDNDSF)6Q2'=KV(7>WZ4ZIR!5M%#B#8;P24,.^ M,\ ][!R\E(>+&V7QGT*2@#$ C$?H0*)^C06F@-Q;% MF&4BJ ,39=CH5RGU?OH*#JX[N4Y*BJ1IM+C P\+#34W@ARF^T&^>F"ZZ MFQYY)B>SO'!AI 165.06IQON,KC*'>ZJDL[@ =@)UP!4NS E?W;WCZ#'&MHU$A!:8]]!SFT2 M+ME!LLD"=Z^H.A0X.OD-AZ(181XT0LQD@19H1%YFI*HL_BB;@5EZ3KA9[B._ M++EUB>?1=,/3EBH\-3"2/(.W7Y%F4,.:HT+D JDQD#_2!UU>%-"-+0.^,;'* M QWD]VH^]Z:U M!$]8+:A?E4TF&'(M63&AE,'6:%2?@J%]>!"%"]&W 38(4I1//WS+/)1#-@PTB/7_Z&$3Z MT\O(HGL0"7-IB$C.NBT_8 6Z?_RP,\5_//L&?'XX? N]X=JZPS7[PU92DR\LU-L'>_9 **A ?8I*.?RD!&2ETI9U\O,DJ(R-!!C?/R[>&Z1^=+8RQ(P%*X[F3H!- M:8L#4U,J&K>WC K7M6,5GA@-3K_R3]&D#J:56>ME-5@VQ1(SD:4SO0!+,[\A M\+M^M56EFB21+D@0'PN'V%4R8+O;M=MB-.N&I8.TQ^Y>VG.G!QA:=IN8-P[= M=,PS^EBM.C3#SL\AU;LT 5V*NT7O@=?/_778[+5)T#2O[W76=L">:J'[OD"/ MGI9'3TZZ>4BJF9=D*^/]R7\^3Y\^?2K_GP#@T5'3R !(D9&V%@0O8H,Q%!!B$!FX*0B$:#AQ$0 M$UDU+RB^32KTK7P+FD\-TC!; Q(8K55\VUFNF15)"**IR6D7+) \TV9DOT6SP[?ZPML#"5AN%N"B504 FP(F" M$9S=HDM^O7%,8GNKTTSH4"Q6O]EXO\$BT2K0X$T)*,=/(&KR2EPAO*!2&_IK MBHVP*_?? #?0@Z6)J-K'J/@5@1^=4.+C]Y=3? !Y.P9DK% MB#DH;/7YO+-&,@&29H(TM43V:L2H-&-[=6 :R(XLJ09)W[&J.[Y#=Q?LCFS3YJ:G/&- L^; MK@,%^LSD.4RFNDB@>U3*&/[-G!>6&F(\W,LAC[?V!0*Y1PR7_RD9N^=>.IU\ M\U-R A+C> NL;.:P-A4GGA@"CJ)*A MTY9S\&N T>4(C(OZQHEGFX',)8HTRR94)=;2=B5E^XZHG/"=BA9//50 .45?0,OM)1R$ \=_311]3D%50-KWK$KVBN.(=7MS>+0 M"&JVBZ-:ATLI!Y#\C\$3,=V#79=[6(Q;0GZLS1?>VT^\K#N?_T(F\7VL\GE^ MG46% .0%[WEM0Y2Y:]B%G?.I'YROE,I48N^ZLL>6**_P D88($NCM[!3[ MTF*?:2HFE-RY5FV+U/GM6ZT)I'7A)%( 0$Q*,G#KYIP'G2*-*['DSCB9L.2/ M /NO[(F&$B,#EA/_@6A05]#7:/,O;+&K M5O;'95URP9*=1N[C+, \6WRW#3>=2\^SZ 6C48 (1P 3 JQ)(\OBT\IGP]C5[.Y6 DB^[ MA8:BR+*ZD2>0_(=)^Z5ID7!WENK@3W.C3[,'#424?I7)[:( ,9^8_ \"+WJ8 MGWPOI6%QU $[2:! D)C%8;()DQ4ME$@F#/ZO(R&/&IZ3H 7, 5NZRS&^0I6%^XZV2$"$7O]BD3&Y8XF#-!:B# .T[M!H 7E_HY*>TS NQS)&P@',T^ !ZFAL?XK)>SCH0=OJR06*?-=V>U+):?"/*) M-B G,==)S$$26P(^&?B)I"0;4))L;_5QDB2>DB1M)22! V B8TWF\!FMGYO=G.U-T%%F!-.OM@;H%*O+-W4R]LKGXB5A4I&G#WS MS+4>O'O&B; +;LX/YN2D&!P:#U]!%'(3BKN RD$ M %3BH_&@@4;AO[8 \$U55^F=$2#DR[/ M%;HF-TQ PQ*LZ6PM1P6? ."WLOK5GK NQ68Q5EV20RJ)L7"V %^7FR8^S&S"/Z"2\B_55\!'.U4"X&=V_9ED[\#83@@E0* MN?N,JG6@,FJUP--%!Z^G38-]2])\"94(J.?7-.[;%^-C5J\-T?2>=[.WFQWX M@6RN?'FC_>U0LW0'3"AIL\@LA#' ]N\KI4 M2E 9BTH,]:KWB="C1IQ40=#E2D,RA!(GRM^U95L=H$ + MM-I!.]$V9RI72U-(,O78[L$]D#-.(UVQO170SIG;/L\^IF' , 5LR6W. !R&4A8X (;M_:CNQ**S/OC+@JJUOZF5^6 L\2YUG^^[VUOJC:&A^A?FWD^17R9EWP&RX F&-)J0G9>8(*G\N9DIN2[RG MS7P'[V50+G*;Y(* 2DT\EV MUDOA;,Z&FXN2S&":BZ5GE>QT9VQB.8IHV%OP25O=,) F ?!;'\2*_?INC*]]M("LEDY.+3T528J M$".^#45(F_AK':S%]E9&BV$XCYLU?$$624RM,!]*A0[U"DWS)I1QX#GQX9-J MS/(O6VH-@IU\Z782^?4"V0Q2F$U?-X60I@RMHUD>A*B5[L2*\_JV3&,V1J&X M(,C075ZA3,;!B#K487 2F3;J4M^DX;I@TQ>K.>4$H!M BUG&;X?Y]\Y]HTEW M;X&5",#9'6I10_?+O46(*YC[BYCZ*$_\3*%7&!J?YQLM'S>1^^913M>=XZ3K M& .IXN U4L4>?@T4VEK!'0?.A_*J+D M3,+[TC?&',I[ 05UC6A=%JB!0J M( R> ],.7CW@_EJT#G%KV!T>X,F;MFS8]WK MT/8'K:'N7AO_R[%(#O74FR; =:@L9N5\3MQKE@E(- M;#?-X^S-B-N3> 0TS>/(:8U,N.6,+=62TK9GX079G.[ MJL,0ZK=MD@8'U.;V"A(#*8[@T5Y99Z^@!)&6;&:Y=*&)GZYNBO8,?&9V6$! MPD/P]\RCTB76R:F!ZLKU7LU=Z7\_B]%D@QJB.!HKI?0GOA]7/]X%U&>G.MEA M76IH_R9E!>RJB$5 ]WF6$P]+EF#/7;?RW 4Y(=A1IV64 MJZEKN9?N5$.H"1\[R]$J &[\4!972)"2=@2]V#\ DLD*1?P#VT-(?HY MR-7%TI4"/X.G8BJ #G>;(]"##]V]A\S6-#E9XA+LO,ZG Z#= *^)6C)2MWS4-/CM%!1 M E SN>VXNU W#EW>173*F,9M.,96F80/? 4DF6151-N L26YX]*/F M;9[X/X1BAVR)4FS*FJK)@KT#GU&"@6.>OZ$7H";'[H58+,223SX7Y VEUW!V MAJZB.S[%#,1R[G:P\FO2U_J"3>5->B1S[P>X[0$CG[-\:MHD B- 40MJ (\FKS98R&H374?I== 4 M437OXJVQ3'W8$F*F MV'% M)A6/*J\R.H QQ*68-X#KF)"N(IA@(L(B:@[0LG=>\>=+4)SH+/JK PD88**&36%#'3(6$-HZ[=@-UJJQF[AS+7C&;:WE&^AY?%K M72@!2F-WK]6">,^GA@*AZ4#RA[F,&Y);T#K1,$;X0@ #7=1VP8:%1I8DZ%4& M,?Z]EAA_3^N2/DO0MA&I6[S;:0[="[@D'6FJ +0M?J2=?5=]U2=O*'O%'6![ M8WM*_- W-7''EVO$8R^4^8*Y(8MA[0BW$+TC6!^8.@T:@]A$SM?P@XF5*R/% ME41M",.>B%74AOO3.H3^U)%SBOH/A$L&L ?3->5DBH\UBAXW9Q M"SG.OFB#SLHG9(1SB_^V:^.:0?2!^D;&D 7N$[O]N9@7I:,L$>?J!>EN74PZ2F MEB>",=Q>^ZO=T0+KDN?+4@# /LK^F^NL1M]@('^E_D,4V=3^0Q^!."%@GX>. M1-E$DJW(ILGAS[,@#M S>NR=>.I*K1EX_7L?T_% MQGAKXDGV\1T%K]="\Q":TVS#/AGTO(Z9-C3B#*]"$=PJ?37@Q6HECGL! .2S M!+Z,;O01+Q^>PC@'Z TW'?2D:PU-V (1I1CQXD MPGRT2DL@V]1DH_HJC$#9D;9$H[J1GX$6Q*0$ZA_;W@*(*B=S#$^R"0=*S!MQ MD9KP5G94J5E,\;1+(>OVEOT2/S84&X;$;,TZXI>#)ID,@VK0N**&A/O5L=1: MH"=+/1"%QY$R*?+H( /CQ8(*EJ(VQ,RV 0[LNGS>#YK&+$,.1QR/EIC2'G#X M[>5C^.UN/%LBU"AG(R4#:T5H(.>_G>T^>_KBR3,GZZ.*B3 7?0J1K54%1 8L(P)26,SYEL0GF@H:]F5!V!L;XDG5*[F4UI( M#!RUO3,&KD:6:8G^_U3C;H'?9&**F#NUM8SZ]99OPME&E$J#X,IS[+34L-Q3 M']MA5-5C6LE>N YY4[#\(\PYT201 "4Z'[+;YAY0SG"ND.R'!L%!YC M5> W>)0&08@65QTGAMQH=6E[=252#ITI=UHX M%3. //>TUN*9U1'BXBOHC/4MUU-7U\5U-J .@8_L6)!\2QBNC#.UF[9&"PI: MW;FJ#'288^I0^4KY+IY6:W33 _OLSP3G'X MS*?VI>N,_B6V]=.( 3.B MK@IRCC&= +0X.AVNY\7C=,M;!L=>/;HHBV_%I\P*XF+V"O M P_N8L+C ?I[9J_C^9:W8-!7EL'6GDK ZN5 MKCT,M 48V2B::,IN&5/*F94FSUUKD!(#.[";)EYI7AAL?60^/GVY\\^![\N> M,'K1KA2_;YJ[V:/+Y'? *(^FTB@W'%"%JVS/63;YX&9S=26 *=*9V M[A%&&K^%HKM]L=KPKQ12C#_*?(>675#GLKVU@=\ ,LO]09PM^D M8T"87ZE,%162;WC0*W>BKI-?\?V_CI7C$:YT_H>\=#U@5W$6S/O)O: >9.CM MN\?0VUU#;TP9ZS.N2DGK&8\"Q=)E;U->4!$_UE9>&B/G=O=IX%&C89I?RP&Q M^$\"1Q'J0U#;L0A(V?P-!%I;"^^T/1;CE.ET0.$8]\^ HO>]![9!7L')Q-[4R_R '(9N]$ N=>_V:\.4JUIIY2F>E$ 6KN$B088\P5 .]L/F4(#O7FV]YR\O2Z@*9./E*3$)TRN@5D MP6 O)BJP8^LNW>S-,7YB8J]?4-) 96-0VZV^@/!\&;9BGWCT3Q(+']4>)9;+ MKG:=$^[*J3ZC)AI9_!0+M5_,&[+I-19_N#EZT,(2J-O0XY%V7,$* H M_HSZ.Y%/#II',NTT0/EZ3#6D96!] I=+Q>M-+3XCE3!C-"3^K0\%VDA/K.Z? M.3UF8MTING+8X!D!-3B.[2V#J8#Q4F[E?PQ*1.3)9G-VN_\7,9/6F&WFL\08 MRH!GTUUVN'!2=PY11'F!!3Z[[X!]" Q5H[ MFG+/,#AT'_+\BA,:A%RH$0F&X07_#(S0F;MEGO.)ARKYLF>JPT0]\]TPG*S9 MWB)63#IV:>+$33'E7BN,O9;N*Y@L;)Y!?6F:7%W [Q5%;3>FXD:$"55%@Z MY\2N(K6+94?N'V]$5VQ=RJRPZ=(Z$D0/"T [HJL2)">NYMSC36$A95A_ :_B)7 :.9/-CV-P66&55 CD%NX,IL8;DJ[@V4C':8'!G^;M@?$ M2\%L\%$UYXZ]:AX[/JT&2,)'%6LZ,U+>)1/J3!#&&!)>E5?%YYPY@Q2\0*&U MG=K5YKI=8W20IQ^8;9([F#!7##\8:9W@C= (VO0)):BN(!7/F/\O9:"(NP E MXX=X.7EUQ17ES@,8K7=/:PRV;@4KF:!G$\[KT2:;G@/@9&T:H310&@8P4N\- MN!\412&K >'MJHC'S&RN+V[+AH92H?78)==X^WSNS[F'KMIX&7%V=U8BT MBQ'FK0W3%J:K.W_I0P$AWKY^5]*-2HJ?($ (\I9]E78Y+V$) MTR#MD]W"+QUKB)&XGV^%PX9>)/6XU;"UI'B'P06#1 I%B@U');.M?N M%JN%2J]Y+BK%MH7G+"SYV SDL7]/Z 1I&8^GJ6GF8$)#_5_J9' MLB7FOZY?;E']?) \*;?)?FC+T(5P7G@A/M-:R)63@F@;\HIB4:+_4S!W@P[G MAR&S(3?(-@_0FVV_S3GUT$)FWE5W:+)K!"LDYX"+ 2%,[&7A0>ZNTOM M]$%N9].SN7Y(>"WPXW9],%3OU.2BO'1GGQ/J&@^"+ >T>DNXNK &5AA#G) 9 MKL*-1W+_*>SO=Q&9?XP:'T$-RW(VHZLU;J=YML@TR_9,MHUVLK"$9?#GV%_C M=I6-_C]-AZJH- XW7 +&MIGI^J$1;>M5($$'7>_X^P\WAO;#8PSM;C$T/3J+\F/" ')* MM.9_%/52H=*M*CZF^(S/=E&9["I*=8*1$/-9WW>MP",:9LA!4F=%/QZ@-51F M&%!LPH0Z^XR2L*4S9%:1V NQ'] \_ 6(>(EN+?OX4_(W8VW\E.QY-/0)^08P[W=$@O;U MP+!Z04J*C 'WL4X)G@23KIUA."WJJQ75X4PRR1Y-A%^ ;P VS@[V7UX7[@&*.U\660==?EA&HE M4$IISR*(=$.5"Z"H:HHYNW_D7"]&F;K2F4C@:+#]%%C\LA2K*Q J[DZMJF7G M^CA?>KGD\+7^#N&2-*[6^OU]"#>[MT7/=B?0S6[A_[S9>U*Y,ECBDF,E#,;^ MEKY@=.F1 4 :Q=%1 U,*W1SY"^:TG)9/TD%0H; H RG[[ M X]=LSI/?2L#M%L%00S3B4(9VG3S:S+-8-D7+$_X[70%_)XY"; LQ0L /T!C2'#!N28WA8^QU_T^)YPDA%+5:CJQDRA.4 MK+9N6%XY]WUE0HJ=F_RY5#UO*1WLB$-V$Y*ROL/ >6X'W90D MT>[??QC[V5/T4WX;CG\='2='KY._O3_^/3D]'@\/R ,9#??>).^&QZ>_)V]& MQZ/3(_R?5[\G^)63-'&_.7TS2EZ_/S@8G9PFH_]SZOSYY-WH^.WX]'2TG[B/ M#M^].QCO#5\=C)*#X6]I,CS\/3D>__+F='MK?)J\';I'#W\=P9.&]&KX$@YD M?(@?/AC]XG[Y[OAH;S3:'Q_^DNR/CT=[IP>_)T?'[C/ZT_!X? )_/GI_"G-Q M?SP>'0Q/X5 #1Z"T-T?X5G'[G1'R 9T>CP\ M/!GNG8Z/#D^2O:/#T]';=^YQ;E*\!NYS#S8\].+I8WCH;N&A4SX%.[^]&>$A M>C4\ OD8'PZ_F4(-R-- M3D:CO\/]&AV^/CK>&Y$X.#H>_7($%X]%R_!PW[- #_?^?GCTV\%H_Q>9HI,# M\ GXJA\!+( ('1 0KT:C0[CN[_? [5>_NR5Z>P2B@!?=#06$ MU9O1]M;;]Z?OG3BA@9W@>WG!]X9TUW&V[H$G([S\]QY->O8,I?2;/$-T%" EW"1FA)RN3C2Q[OS*R9"=(NF=COMEW0*'/$5 M%$+34@/!8\R'@LQ]^T4-)#/4&9)S1E)RRD\1 "9;[:W M=B30JX-2$-O'[ KP055Q37(4-!63NRR &P7(8 GQ138KTW MK;$T9D7=Z3D7I)R6"W=U$MFY:+WTL9"!(D2Y?C7I0T)R7*W Y#%IR-FEA T^U6.ZAW"5-#)MKSJ M+^KM'*:F&&UQCF5BTU/'00C F^OB>0G35-@9L=AQ9?_*: C57E.4 M TNOB;(+8EBV7!1.1W+\CYZS6%V>@ 607E&/,\.X 6%K^7F"N9 K5+LR-( G7P M(J(F)QB%.+'EQT6HGJTX^?*1GC::^X19[A>:O@@NHP]&^/9 (]?9BN)X"Q(/CI/ MK6] KFSSVHU3+XJP;?!?01CK!8:QQL)@?@P@E /M=47QK)@5 M6$F V4",:(")J F98V4JJ,5A431 4!EV2'[2A*;L-0];SMT4O-$9,^X!!.RX55 M^X_B A8$U8.>4U&1^FR,244?%_,5A&R^%P35FGN&"^;>0@@ M?0RW( 7%HH.(F)_P5M,RI^&9@E,A;\5K'W>B6# '=P1HP_S ^OCU_) MQDSY\"@I8RHVHJ6[Y\,;8J'O/YWR#8J__^)N%-/_"P+/_6*7B#SN6SA_*SD& M@-'RJ=NC,HHBOT]@\'B6^L:KY,;A F'"J %6N[-* MY2 ^A@OAAT6NM2.4*LH6>"^ O_(QE@*^JDI;1=@3/E^)H9%IA"*B7E^#8'= ,M*X$9HXJDSGZ!( M@\Z.;L'=8&HQM4T5L7Z8'_&*?=ADWTVSN(1HA)L/NNEN"Y1X \R*OF)CU^HR(=>=1)S M;&F; TJ/QK;65L%U\-L4/OYO_*'M+;[C@7$;A4'-C1!^ 8)*7L*6 B P?H[\LDF\)J MZ>B=TSBE=A;P95DC'6[:^4RXVI_O1LJEH] V;BWJ MI7E\-L(HD;][UKW/4GE'+IGSOX0W\D$&CIX_!H[^3.N'.:R= @)+."FYVK1 "D!9$'0QV6*/>'O.J1Q+F7HS>Y> ML>SN65TWX?[EO7]?@W@B#LODM?1>)AP-6!YNK'2R3X/T1'!2PVHH+)72O$4: M5%.T TU=()K-Z4\*OCG7BHZ:UXDJEQLZ9^.&]$VY,PV367PQ!Y4XIE.Y=X MFB7K;@NF@ 1*-WNZ6JIE[O%S?1"Q [PB6! F9 XYU$>Q_%'$3]])%VYZ*K(C;\-S#46[1$O7 M>@8H>G2WP^XKH ,3@AI_PR DW*S.D?=(-A#>R) M8+%S7 2WO29]*]2R_IB#:A)*^F;M"Y]@,A,+ M$\F==7MN=]=6_SA#6 *QGW2#K.!GE8R!P+K&N(K69*OU_;E6L_6\M7&0"40) M>>1R\.WH-\ZWG\4"LA6*V :7R *WWX*_6G39_6O_[U'[4V/Q[:V>UN*'Y>+) M.X2 23/Q 719OZ&,J\A46.DQ&Q5+:BK!69"/[''Z3I:5S)6 ^"%M4H;YH'> M32.J11.S'!.*\+>'[\8D(# 3"1TGY/A?(/A9H%^4E!: ..9+@X6 A.*7 M/Z]#88@,>A/XL3/BN48%@J6-T@!".AU T;Z>+!!KL83L]-+, 4P3'[OP1)@9 M?RNO6HH!U*JI;Q93['_P9 XG()R)3[8QSA L,EBV?8 M=FP+;"K4=C5:#G"RR?EUWLA]'^!8X!+ORM!+0ZU0,70K)(][I/&KK)@_&2]$ M%+NS.,1T 9!TO:9.M,[A''.#)K"%UN3,HV2Y)$@:L+^@:O3AQLA>/,;([@:N MRGRYAH$.$W.?Z EW,:H )N2+Z1P .+8 ME#!W UL]T@[#B 9H;K>P\R-_I]2E726I#\XKY*99$G^4T]CS8__@] MIO"&L^M*H@OY23#I$VC1(*68\75 L&++U%OP ME [==!9L0DHS&6GN@HQ)1;[2 C@"][?R;(>KV%J"M0;H7P15%M?NWH58^Z"U MGMVPM ^M6,O3>+;OG3ULMNV/UZJC$ZXK:D"3_>+UWKQQZ35 JAE5" M]CR&VT.;2!@VN#C(\^3NQOD*NIDL\SP*+H,?=O(QN_+GJPX/6!844_JC[\4Q MK$VRP\ !?+%'!L"?N#\NKZ6IP-!H*WX7/FI@NL'2!W "B7RC5O';YQ4M)( #U3Y\WA%7B4=679,DGVBP 7)0^594.T._6CH(LFE[/F"YI1.H>=-,A[+ M*_;+Z?3)ZPH 77F3@VU=QPAWEWOIM9L9]$:2NM$ U.F)S@Q#M\)NB9R MR::M>+;UUVRP)WVG*_6YPAE=N(XS!1\S[415,L3G3(Y&@(HUP7>J.*2A=;PJ M>K8ST41LRL-948/AQ*21'&$3>'3X4"F^;(YW0'D+_*ML%76[D*A3@U\?2UA8 MWG/[.UV^CXSB,]_R0JEO&P1$%(P;SGEC-9HK'>0NTAC;TURJ 6&A^VYD?., M.]1YT7:[SCRW#8%OOWJSA\(RI!J./LGG&5/?=SC00A=_3#/W&Q ),3)!B?-+ M+4[B71?4=N,8P7JW[(6U9GW!DX5#15.%@@:?)$(1B7V*I50*FBXGYYB$KHQQ MP ?-PAO..[/7T^1NG)O='!P\FZX-S[\Y?_[CZ?_@3^_ M&^[OR\^\R]_ )K\Z.MX?'>.O>53TFR?N9!P,WYV,?I1_]"Y_O%>P]W2$3X]_ MYG_LRXN_^U__X _68$ MY*)NHB_#B9K?^S WMT M_,O0J9TWPY-1\FIX^/ ZMOFQ2+WOUNT I!;84^/JNRK M4F7OH'&&DZ85X,P %O!0%5K+1![2)%BMC:@OK+LL^T6%/&?_:AKMNT>-]JC1 MOHA&^^NKGXEH;I8,+_.JF&2DT"!7%"@USI\$.NQ137U5:NI--L]ODC=Y/8>2 MP8>IH 5]*54$GM9)Z?#PX/1[\G)Z'!\=)R\?G\( MBPV-1O8>%=0#5%!OB\E%EL^3O[O]>:@**IS#0QH_*ZA?@7/Y79776&_4HZ8> MLR7_NA+51ZX: 9^8DR\T&:]C\\FO:/BNA+*:*]\>FX1_L\6O%? MO4;:SQ:%$^:ORCJ?SXN'JI/B63RD&?P[:*5O_CU:SSYJI:]"*_UR=+#_%ORC MX=Z;$_2.@$WP43L]2.T$90)5]8 5DTS@(0V>==+0XW,)-EY6-_]JFNG?HRO4 MHV;Z*C33J\-WT.? _+U\J*K'3. A#7[SS/MC2N,! M2\8'+AW>WCPY*!87R>]E?5%\R!^JC&A,XR%-X=\B ;IV_>O M?\$P2)H /V>2O7 D=%'-@=DW^7EP^5 443.$A#?_?*$+R[T'M^JB"O@H5 MA/U%N(;AL+S.DI-)N2RR1U7TE:NBU8 !^QD, 0"F7 IT[;SZCQ.JHA-$LXXM@=(Y_1,S0\" MA*T3(7$E8 >SV^]:VWG_J?C]^]_=1N M';UK-M[V._WC]KOVOWY_]F3_[1_\+_CX#_G>>_O^].AO[_W'P]/CT^X_?OOZ MJ=-O_^;U^G\?M__Q6QPEX>\7871^4;P^2;-)$/_VSFLVX/>'85*$V;NW1YV_ MU,57T:BX>/WGD^=1\IL7Q-%Y C FQ9O//GW M("V*=,(?C=.D^#V/_E_X>M_\>QQ,HOCZ=3^:A+EW$EYYW702P)-:QYV/)__X M+ \7T2 J/'AA[^T?[]^]_>,,W[AN ?/5CB"(4T)#:$UG1ZG MEU'B':;9-,V"(DJ3F\:R?W _8WG;>1 )NW_##[M>Q]]>+)WDTWQ" P=[!LWF[XN=:[=+;>#=J8/N.>%: DH _3_WDZ]O+B.0W $7_]YOWM7/4__2/W_;W]OY3+_@AR%B[N[&'DB6/W?;AZ ZW,;OCOR MZ8?Z,K_9.&KUVT=X!5Q]U#YL?W[?[CHR_KIN ]Y!P''I^ZWWQVWOL'U\W#MK M'79./O[CM[W?Z-]GK:,C]6]GP=Z?=H_:7?I OH2] C;0D?GF+_DUOZH9LKK0O :X?%PH0G5!>)QG!B\ZRT&L-"Z\7#O'HY 4V MPRW_FA=/+>' MWOU-3M+" W\BCH;!( [7]![/?H;W&*Q OI32-A:7J.T.@ _N/?N.\W#OX&21L3:\Q_"E>H[11GM[#1ODIU-B: M7F/U0K:6UQC]%*]1VBO/[F&O/'N\QK'S)OM[>R\?Z;8'(Y^O6*^E/UR]-[R_ MKH-RY=[P^M[DI_"&5Z".U_\2X4\A4Z4SY?GJW ^?M2CEU:17-L3.7_5!^7PM$?V5'Y3[:W&%2ZKYY7WD))^O)P1S M#SG)Y^L)5ZQZQ^SO;8*L_7D/9L!+^ZR!_R#D!8Z[Q?"NIT^>KP;>M0R$[\4J M#O>3TW[[M=>_B'(O"X=I,HQBQF5ZB!XMHM#++X(X]I*T\.%.&7Q\[4UGV33- M0]\;A-XH#" %2.@N1]MU^YQ#$JN,=M3]T3CH(KNP12/*T M_ZG=] O0AB/?']DF[VSKV6F=GQYU#0F(Z0*XECX^3TZ_=UED=6$]= MZ^+RZJ^O5C#LW^Z'-0^J.86M&;56]E.[\_%3'Z33E5GSL5GN@YLO>7:/L,CY M1L!=A/#IRH2P'#UX [HW /%^A=-[VPI)8[B]WZZTD[!VL M3A(.TPFXV4$R#+W#,"NB,;C 7Q"\FQU0M(:@ER D'Q*8_ _\S=>%UR] M;.1AI=0&*) _M[*QI&P\7YULG*1%- QSWVL7PR>^I3/HE,$3"#S^] C^'>9'N$P2A*SMEYZ6/F$#\% 2K0:MW*R2.4DU>KDY/>; A& M2)YF+!^M/(_.-\&WW4K%LE*QO[="J0BG018,HC@JKKW#.)CE&^#)[F]#8LN* MQ J#H^_#)!Q'[,YJ2V,K%(]0*%88)_V8@B^2@'7A'0=76V%XA,*PPHCH MQ.BH1J/@>A-,B*TT+"L-*PQ]GJ04[)QE.?BCYP%,7^&=%A=AMI6,QR@9*PQ\ M?FUU_FIW$1[PSR_=O[U^M],ZW@"9.-C*Q)(RL 1_2+(S.$_W%3R%$-T&0'&B9 M_;2-P1IM./BMX_7:AU^ZG?[?WH?3[N?>1H+:GFY1;8]4+1ZL$M6&0)7 _$FMZ&0^&UK!NY\4N"_B:!S[3+S;&LX;;SAU/'ZG]K*>NJT-]-R M>K:UG!ZI&GRZ2LNI-4EG20&N8AQ-P(T 3XC! 4XF+TPVXRC\NYJ[U>3 MD16:4T=ADDZB)-B4JI$MW'M985BAW=3^#B8T]U9QC2-?%0= ")!^' M&2F1]O?A19" @FG!=;85A6&%88 M)#V%58BP_3#&ST/O*,J'&%G_* _T/K0.=2/7HT[O\%.K M^[&]B=E#E*EM]O!1*KUGJ\P>]L FRL>!02RCVKN EP@WK(1N>S8N+28K/!N% MT-N$>)'*X7.:A!N U#MXL3T>-_QX_,OKMC^WCS8427/P S>!-,_RU28ND&)*LDQAN& 6X M!M>;0\1YL,V2+RL^JP3;"+?BY^#:^Q#%H7>6I>F8CJ3#.(@F6_EXA/*Q0N"- M+1^B05@P ?'=/CJM- M %#\D'2\50UXL#/*=$YGE,KB>?:B_%EJ2?)@#58B3UJ@-'_B=C6XFML&+TO= M8/'?;_\P@_UEU>(* ) FGFGBEOJ M)"V\3>'4W\K&TK*Q2L@:/#9+8PP:RHFTE8A'*!$KS%*P7D 3Y2P FT-R5UNQ M>(QBL HYBLM, W+U*3]Z[Q5GX*"=G"ONX9]L4\2OWNEUZ_O9$P M:!2B+?3K42J\%ZN$?B%I7! EWM&,F'E9T^73%*:1^LO@AX9J[J=0?K^:M*S0 MXY*&AP8HN G'X;;6>%F)6"7N2_2'6$H;I2JVA ZG>KR8=*P2VJ'; V0K&L4*R2)2G-D-^S")7' CKCOV=1AD32[3@ZY_C'!I3Y/MV6 MPBTI)JN$I( /$YTG]L$R22^#^(W7FD[3*"D469_NU+T5F$ 8+0C8G/F'LF4CM>3G]F"EID1Z+[V=Y MA 65&R ZVUJX945GA2'7LRP V[=K93$J8:^Z!4%R2:8,%N!659@ M5AB*+5DJ=N\# <>=7K]'G&_= M]MEI%_Y^_[="/=#'AZ>?X77^WD0$Q+.]+0+BD6K'ERM%0/ AB1;6AUF61/F% M#@B DUF MB=2=4^W MPY:B'YLN]];G ?=: I>:BVPND$YGB;Q-1)5*+QA/\PFFV!+;>'(RTK."BUP MG4WQ5#(W(BZ305Y$Q6PCV)U6("#;@_1^#]+.O[S>E[.SX_;G]DF_=>QU3H[@ MCR_=S>1LWIZ:CU;WO5II_X+9=!H3N@T;MZAV!88.$9.)$O#?G,C#]K1 EK.EYC-%)=M <>RXG(?W=(9W50K.QL@(UO8];(RLL+057L\AGMO!>3G$I 5 MUO,@\CK-)E%Q[5WA, *WA!D /MB*RM(BLL+ZGRVBF88C%/*;L"U-F MFZM4MIV7-MVK_Q MD0X/?+[9N_"/5?OM[J_3CSX)K! >_7)>^;9N^;9N^'VS3]U"9CH=K![CAN8Z.UVT? MM3^?814 @OY[[ ^+OKS+W(:UYF6B+X@Q9$0WC#0AF M_]!Q_XL+Q@H3'&W%:4(])T 06RL 1H,R-Z3[ J[0Y^D8C>]AA (>M8#Q*P5AE*^>-5!9;;H:E M96*%"=/#-.'*'P7FW_C#92LO2\O+ZG.IX4B:].()\^5)[XGW$80E2ZA(Y'00 M1^>&%[] #,.,U?NY[!WL'SWQO$!97(:AEL.^/TTMB.] ];'PO@)_%P560 MA Y@)?OGG[Y9WN'O?E'7[VYYM=YHW\&L63 M*#DO4HFP^=Y)H-B Z,9MF#*SH,$YF-$=PZ1?A"O MF\&4930:]-?[]):%0(/'#Y#Y.AZK2JKY&LZ'?0]?WZ?=XXLW?&OL'*]@; M[[KMPTZ_==S#J #&"*1Q,3T7A*[NP2_N0X;Z,&VJ(=8%3!A->C K+M*,9AVG M-=3,_+@&HS!&WHQKGO0HM]BUB]2;8O1T%-(YC[^-\GQ& ?QQEDZ\ AZ/5]%_ MX?=1 4\,!T6SD1N5OTCD;+?#DCJXY8"?Q4CX-*&,P01T@I>'&=X5W@V^* U8 M1COZH?6^T[RWXKC9@-$DY[F7A-A5*LBH)_ D^!:6AQEXEZ!E8 N ZVSL^/.(;7/U(.YSZU8XD_:?P)O_@4Q&5'">5;4HP^O_F@7@HA/I32E M>ICX V&6Q/ A;1+8TS@PZR @O\A;&:YQK1)?-;>'Q6R\=C$?V4"8'*A$&VX:I (7DYH?\8$QC& 2F3O8 -E#[49*1V1P%D.$B66 M[-5%-+SPP+=RY3*L:T\#>B^BVXQ :0T+ H]^JDYENEPN]-4)/$1' M;1) T&I5D M^TJJR RB",>TKFG/Z7#&#LQQR"3 M! AWQ'. M/"LPO,WYF@'9;GF1S3A_:-0)N@]\=9I)N(U0\71]&D>C -T*L+PF84(_2#,\ M_Z9Q,"1W ^,A_# VX#+R(K;'U_U*X*L-E, K1 -1/(3\17 *IE@Z*@:0I#6N M?:]LJH&@7899X=IJ\F$X,D:92N7R5[EQ'%#&J4O9B#U8RSH#H41 A\JM 9 M[B1).MUY,2 "G\%?-AAY D+/[-8&MA^GOP;7G1/V? M[NW[*IL%WM& /DS@)]-9AJ &TF"EG?;,IXUI?_3 DS&X5D6%'UC(+)/HG>I'CA))>UE-5 M7 2%!%8\K8+)!1%UQ#\3Y56KLKRY&HL; =FD8;-1CQ@3TP1 7TG"LW H-1N1,\:?Y!3I1 \RS$$ 1W%$W-5Z]!2_]&N7R;S(&3ATE-^!3UEX^1,G M/0[#4_]"NR)+XY@#$OJ?)-.@]3-!#O/U]F_ATLDD3=0O+/^L/)@GW@ : +0^:@5ZI8!G3BO(-QHK MR0K#>?O8!*S-(6Z614ORI95U!B ):E MPW $RC"_A41[0E,19.S?RYI/@@+]^Z"@?R$FVI %A'L0!!WC2PT/^S"S.X"63@LX?D##L%U^4)Y%FA(48CDD# M1Y>#2 G?HQ?F^&$I9\P"J$?)V2]SY(OF6S M:3&\]HZ#JQ\Z I[O[:_U#=(@&U%Y"NF@-*ML' 5\PM>I7EV"O+-O?%VI5T M M'A72F(?VA+I5LZ'OM4;AY]%TPSR-9UPJ6Q9\>(7I=5D",_T#T([@>_,2RVZ M9 )_% M 7?Y$6)A'8@Q/H39E]5P;25DM,_VSB@ O2Z8P@M8U\#K!6!_P\ !DF,]QC(WK)_5=_OJ#SGIPP566T'O$^1+V8YW4:1[^( M=0#B+FVKH*GYK5]3QD7I0Q0N=)!!VY!0F_H\=9=F@\"M: 7!!,^#DR%H\6VB] -%L)QE.6@ M*:=!%IQGP?2B9G,@Q#?&X.9LB*6$J?:2.0(E)SUQ+9#,VG8S/L+R&18G&,31 M4ZG)NE'S(W5FH#*F-6M!LGZZ UUI%FEKMD[Q9.OQD"[RM#"3.BD@KO0 MD4B'I.@863= B#AH@R^&\ M.^!A8Q7OIJ)20]OL\DJSP-K>>>E\=V/M-%6UKE0W3T3M/IMF43*,IG RIW11 MV0$$#4YVC*^.(PN+R=XXUM .]0,+_%VS,5"68MD4+)]8*OH+)^1H-L1EW&&[ M288#5\?IT*K OD02C&]>B\P,WSMX#L__$*=XIEIFU]_>_M[^ MRP/?:Z&4XG'ZNK;H'P7^^1XUNH6Y;HW@A(.S%+X#*?3)E2A,V*W9X+-:#CVV M2H/1"*OQE Y3\XH90"V[-18#2'"BF^M:!;0_5G:_*K%B =02)*&)(%*P_L M#]H]1#"0@0$'6^0JG [E. MC7SW#7.PWN&K8.K-D5PW1&C5WQ/-!9I/5.V7 60U$BT"OC?%,V B)*"MTA6\*&9%*B9E?;JH/'O6S+#"0&FD M2! )@_X"#)T^?,60#I4R MQ):TH3@5*3&?A '&HK#RR\1:R.P0HT7LCC4J^O;W:21&UY&;!'TTB>@/L&U! M!WF'LPP1$%7/%M=I*%_Z&!ID9G;]&:5CU=^SA#A2B*\''1H;IP/7F7_E5@"4 M*I^=*VM /,18.P&M/ P,F-VO*8YA51'.LG2-@J%FM9ZNWLQQL[$@6V[M(IT% MA'&E8- KYS'PRNOG>SO!+DN62H9;//DRL]9 XFB_6F)% M=F.1QHKW8ST''2S.) 3X8KC?A^!ODG T&],X')WS\W8&,MC2* ,,S^4F;Q_S MY?D,/KZ, 7$($PMG75B@%B\N MFHVRP7VP=T 1>1(4N;RNON$6]5=U#OKN.F> M=:L+7 MZ(=.8 #U\F1(ZLD99F02?YQ/ ADFPU6HI:MAF (_ M(SZ)8H/Z6W5:NQ>L :2%'B MLRS\T)5%3B KB%XY#UZJQ&3 J"6H5!EG?L"@$:0%9PB!WLU".1R1GR9_F3HI M55T@1U%E>Q"CX2@ 2 MFRNB(@YW_=+5&S#[JM/ZH49-5PW9P,)4APIUM! 7=$MDT2)PTJV@1?-?8H,A M1:?3*!$E= C63Q[&"S9T:BX>\L7T7N M& ],OW* L%8,\TW&:FU*JF3)RAF5TYMB*H!C2D*;$"2E U.^EO X MS#):OY73 U1A#V^;Q#AY2 _) )$^?2&#_"+,2S7R$+L=VCFTB&;^U1W&( I MFZ1)>*TA\[H3DAR\&KAE;W5)VNC03&FWDYT;7.O:8C!^30V=95'MTE,I@DG4 M;1@0QM95E (/SS/P/L1 YHM$KVB3.G+M8PDV,C8/HV7I5>*,8U>GBZW&/J6D MP!LW-TRU4A5@GV)NQ* 4QUA]R\^DRZT)UE-(59[GH B34JS9L1%3BV.*9YUR M%Z >\W$PI$Q928GJ!TR"T99B^Q=L-.""3D$ZV-0VN& C(IQ]!.F>:_ -2%NM1YB&+/([Y M^M(MT%;9*^L!+CQ&!V5U?9#UEKI) M&(2HV5"-[#*3W85!C_+:.W##P1I(H!QW6W:T7[.=PAQ=3]5SBNA6]HT)C1AB M7AWW,%:)WF0::Z$ZC#8;CFGA!9=!1,#&72[_*3U?Z'9-3E ?GFGQDUL:!Y\ A9 M)VEOF0&OH?(;N'.@KS"P2TTS:9ZMY)_OJBK3ZO)K&IR)P3..,-XFH*A*6>AG MBZ*+,#WOP04:^^6'^5[M=.FAS 8 S40+:4RBT4@TA#.%./43^8V].A32C M-$:-AYL63F[:+>ZK.](DWC9LP"3,C+Z[U0Q5)%I/D-1RZ4G:(:X/?M10&N@Z M Y+Z8'GTDJ J^E;0BWSF2&]JHP*O$ M1 E+=%*L6,CL0:[ :>H W&35\$)-:$@O7KJ3FFSW;F9=HQR#"]E(VYFTSM(4 MR%UKW095P@'S%;BR%O5C8&8*=K;(!HTI$L&*1-FI=]#&S4:].O89#U2QY@,D MO9IBQV54(J4 I7+;.2I+)E^LSRUY] I(],75WP(J26!N3A/ MTY&49,B1;Y8C=S::A'CXM["W#2 L5T:Z-LLMI:P9YLQO54:4^ 4,9 MHA!NB,Z5>ZDJ@%7);_E&COC"& 3*E =1D3!*'D1"W1^B3S MU$ 3W:5 07D#+7 A&?>_?. G>I>:5R?-T&,F% M]-WO>9$.OZE*(I]CL*!UX*1,-"4'GO'G0:+UE5M%2*@%7>J%K)KHW !X,4&X]MG_ =JZ# +JYN#Z4=+NX/9I\WN MJ#Z-\;N"N 3P,DIGN64F M2R6#ZK=$I6[82= Z3*@1Q2@ K 75* J43I]4!E:E*T]%! M2&0EVC5APA 5D,%($X55E,=#TA8%'(I64VE7"LX&_PZ1)9@Z3]HY)-]"@5/@ M28A5,B6>4:RZSM%,& WI7DBHJ2FXWUDUQ5JL"MF3"M7ZH7 M9D'F2-EE*!E(5>EK&L,L8*Y\JAH ?= 6+@L%P&W M1 *=.*7CAN/%=$NL MA1C&^ !4\26=(PSC4 MB9V1ZH/B2_>M+->$5Z$J1L R[UQY"TQ"B]DH:K]E&,K\.=W+?!W0DX0&-=LP M;*$R(]*R5JVG3@[ 8\WOL(_,9""U-FIPZY4_.=9^R,/X 93_X7F S!R'. _07_EHVA8ZCGTB-ZC2C4RW]*JXSYA +FC-#B@7#8MFO$1O7 MK'+Y?VP&08WST%U@_1LE,2 ,Q09T+!)S=\D.*O*KF@XJWE(-5'0XYV%:J+C# MMEJHD'W U$7D M5)"T-!, J H$-AM4D)#,)@/^.J!^[_@7]WT/1D2A1LK>M'=@0QI,>MDI[O.> MR&O\@-.[U$263"$LS> )H2]A$UW0WE-D#3C53R05_H +_T7!_$0M*?X /M4G'P4TQCC32"7*,$A[2D M:AMP9,ZK\H.XXY-3QF(&X020Y@>)8X&F+GR).:-P$* 5/*T^X>O7V:Z1H).0 M%X.Z8RM$ M7?W.:T,30D M7A*25E!#KV#['C[BU28TCSM Z 8@MCYN82C0A%X$Z#=G&;ZOKFM@1F;$D2)7112+^0(3QW 43K: M2N>O1UM05I-^C2'' /R9HS[!4B,A EN$M"15.=(UBV2WV0C(PC(4)T0 30&# MBV@B-)K,JS?EKHI(S"D@"RVP8L\Y/M8"#:T+:!V3 I)HWU6 M]?@;'N 4-] ^:>^-Y@5Y5M2 1_?@L)36'AN MOWJEO [CMWI&00DZZ56N=[-NKT@...,JO_,-8N?V ^'[.#-J"H?54FM7_.%] MVA8BAN=825(H+W"[!VI2[0:7=U6E)EEKJ*[R=!QDTJ>!? TNR8R),UBOE#!S MSGTQKO;+0N%>$:J3 36PH^"-[HY)2U>> UL 'FHBJ#36]U20 "WF,!M&' _2 MS+,8(B*.&6(8P-_X>NO-7VB,S;A341 /V[*AXGN;S.+,!E[OS%@,4 M$2TN*;HPRV!OI#/8"2TUSZ7?U43E%L@(+K(6DC'7&1LQ>:PYUY?;G.O= +>=]=4 D4?2&A:TZ,*]]$;@P\T& MXH=SXXD\L"%X'R1-.DN!A5#(7U(4RG&P5Y)P[(,R@93'_%%PM6*IDI,^G S2 MD:3 T\#8S607$/\ XN?N"+Y%O8)>HD)> MWUDG2A_@HW>%MY N02^M(,'413P($K=Q/KQ[7"0S?JN6RTEQS!WM$^^,N!4Q MW,$-1)2[ U++DJ\^)E(XDP/#4STOB*S8-RJ%)!R:Q!Y>H87U47 M5:#]+Y!["3;9,)[E* ((80PNTRJ#CLR^/IBC,>^B.9Q/*M&X :W&^YB?)O[D M9*1;!HC9($LCB6AE3LU=*+5&%J.?4A+7:@I,&D'-G6G;T6Q@>7!N+> 3CT]% MB?.J :'3 UV: ,OV>/YEV MUW8=CTQ&1/H>$1/C&1_QYGHE$59ICN@O AS^W,Q$N^+8_26YJMG6Z_8 MU&F.^>IJ#9 ^(I\8>37YYQC3"NPR$;##3O3FHF#\[:==E]9B@? MO A!Q5 C?Q/0& Y 39O5\4B[>>2WZ2EV+#C=Y>&[A 8^$Q(WX4G1S^1Y2U2P7V[M&YUN2Q[)FG-C83]L-NJ2 MLVJ *[X6INB% MAL[) #91U$YG;6 MK? N8K#-,.93"+B2FL;AGDM2-3C7NAW8/8TH537&:WFY=Y6T+C>!64CB$25& M:*S)J5-3C@#81;B&%W?IG:=+KDJ''#V?7++)M- ]A7]0-6@'"$&STHT%W-LP M09X&GAVBA7B\-&5_;H/_=PO^5WKF6&=!'4S %[^X)%G1]+!E -#7L$][(-5[Y2^?4@A [^!H[T:4]N'FVF/OK_?T2S\CB4BWK 2'KN MC"CZ=[0ZZT2QQ,8%8N?7G4_A]RBGW5!Z 3$AZM[+K2*NI8ZRM 1_BN3?&B#>>?_/O>*"Q:_6%%!267Y=]^44^YN5$T1/EEM(8&7A?+$L M-49Q]>@Z("5"QD0L42KTBT[F> J M#I)K;$NC_+&5O0N0Y3D!6=A! HN[70P)MO*6:'!2)RTM9Z+ZWB.-^(CS8)(! MTS:52ADH%/?BI 'R,[M9 YWC\467P\],T3,J OP@BG5=^+:.]^>NX[5#1N)# MJ,,Z*S,XS,. 6EF MJ'+UEN>XZZ'F\676(0:W*N,]3H468!'QV/X;?,"V)? O5S]L"W@UO^YNB64W MP(X8V1J-UVP(^LR X)0"QS:)95=N$D3$Y$C +W*'TK?*][6)2VF7.;M*C;X4C$;^;N=) M>" R'Q;H!#K1U"$(@VA-I\ UW1*[H/8>F?XZI\C6(5N&L ]SH(X]5HQ M'ER'01S!8B11X+UZ]A3M[Y9Z\]>6AN@90G1-E3'%0MG7]_# 7$.*??>19RL1$F Z:,L4.L' "-(&OGA]*2O)^LB*L+?\VDP#%\G MZ16X?+^]"W]'A?7V#[SNG;%5%?39W(DH;[,TB8;>) 2K>,3A?>,OTP6Y@M\X M+[WT*,#L4':$,Q=4..-\0"A+-=K*&'=UF,Y*L:'U,8IR5"D$1-;CULM@H1J' M4JM@W4-I53HO="14N5[.Z,H1 D7U"S]@F*5+)@C+WVS U4BC')M0=DSE->AK MY,1HH6*9".:. %)8GOB0Q4=9R^H\T-I+>0ZN M%;G#,"/?S,1@;$'.1+O50U68V=L>3!#V[CP#(;!F\Y6[@IB6'E=V)$.3*]-P M*EAL0@/#OD;Z-*MTRY4X);E\!Z$/1Y4A##O>),KQG=AOS)AA6Q,D/F#-R@O+ MU M,8,D-]$%S$7&3$WN?&Y4K7S! ME7RE.'! 46BK $9F)W!2GAI-+O:HU-@&TVD89#I.7,$]4SQ%(N0$B" *T*K.NK^8/*]3CSTDY:00=46G]LKRP EJ=Z8EH\U&($ZEP[4JN4KW\U6BEX\GP.C!"6LG@\+KT M-I5HN), Y]II=276#/&SN=>./$V6*D [)L=65RJX;^49I>B$XMQN!)SRJ4AE M&%U6:J;*&7/=W'G.]:K$XA9[V*GD NA"@H3%>NK;6K$BQ$@(S'103(>M?0 MD6+73MX2B;"C24S0: K.UU:#>0A1L'>X(-A5K?8S3 M 7AVIA/K;94\Z!654&/W^"@$'1T5JF:WTNJ>S4U* X78?;[,#]TR^>,S1/2, M9IG)LYF;;X*&?.@ :E)]2_ M!E/-6E7?'#,C*6GQ24/*1B6C4!:YYGW.H.>^MXAWH6H2 XTW2D9Z2\#OQH.9U$[Y@.N1@P1. !3,"22J39 O: MRJB.T>J*0QLP V:\#-:J5":1*(^;W-XQ[RXX(R)N)Y0(^LNJK#$VG*"U3/KZ M1YOQW&5U7M'JZ$8\O"JM',^L=:U%BS8Z,\CQ>,C;%T+JBCJISWIAB6'$F"#[ MS0)^,P/=S#6Y(F\@6".PD9&DW'IHR8FOCF$5#WVL-0?[>]N \NHVY/X>;TCL MRZH:JAW&B%A F PEU MJN^X)3Z3MTD5,'A9ZD*>& U)0Z@U]8(SY8U&Y8IG>,6'M0YFX$!!93"##3-. M//39N+]/B_T^3,)QQ'I&3^2:E&\9I[UX87W-3,NSB12?"F;+J8#4PCG[-N^! MRAZ@> C>3@[7B D7E08U^5FW$#QG!LL!3YXRIK54H9E:T"E-X#B$\(.U16'R M81Q$DP4M8Q]0 +AK"/>5H ]UPU$XF6I()WY@=[5'V2YU7"TS,.A6X6Z+4QTA41V,#* 4S=FL M-M!K15#<>--[U $V,9R]NH$1NGZ:^RB*78(-:"R7.WNVIU\+2@F]GL%!13- M)O#B*OR2FL:PFC+%6N*SC()9XE)DZE6 #0!0T5%N: M:0FL6GQ2P%1B5EG.^IOKJ"21=T@O1>3Y8( 4>*&C[( PR/@MEH"C+WCA.F3Z1\"G, M3RIOI!+F)D,S9B0):O9,0-BJQ[M-D_P!WCFC7M'P:#@VWP?)-UM%>CN]TP]= M*N2S&M)Q?&"@J@+I 85PF>CP4>TL.UNE)':WU"R[WA6Q,YJ4%^W]$0\BT"S2 M0;-A"Q =!PO6W^++2?-BFB8&&35.XSB]HIPW >-I%V.73,]]@"J(PT$XLCN& M.^M$5%G*AQB8'P6(VT[PU(J4;B35/'^\5Y$)\-M/@VT^ 8,C@FL(-H:!=\UX M-+P(1S.,Y=?>$ZOEC-")_AD.X8 U-; @H:G4II"+J>OB2?1_[/SPJZ='5MY% M=2$E#6K3A%'2[>EZ'42*^\\D*4W4B;,,AMDZ#S#![IVBK*XKK'%"624>D!;R MB\"$WFM/#N&;58>'5WMVZ \3]Z!S:IT9*YY*E1W;P*R]"D4^A,Z8ZA*7Z@:' MOM-(0H=%JJ YJ3[AJ(VH.? %@]733"3_"+#KA8-6(F8MZ96O6^0LG$0$F!& M(U5IH4;L-PM>*4U'GC '58Q]%,B2/96JC@]\'!(E;QJC.AMJ?*81$XU;X7HV M9L8$"3:-X:_@JSP-35XT* J\O]0Q$*DPM6)7GL7R0E26'02QSQ,>PV-W:_F9 MA[:ZL_@,0JY*E J T= MGGX^:YW\[=,_^MTOO7Z[[;5.CCRZZ-/I\1$/NN7UVH=?NIW^W][[O[U.O^>U M#@_;9_W6R6$;?]MMPT7X'_RVVVW_=7K8>G_\MT>OW8/;G](3/GPY/F[W^E[[ M7WU8O&;CK-W]W.GWVT=XU];9V7'GD INCEM??1C&WS24UO&QU^U\_-2GN^#$ MX=4TC9T3NNJX_1$^/.N>'K;;6$OCM6!\GT_AC].N][[=_]INGRQ\W3_@NE;] MZYZ>P&NTNIT>WO?T2Q^_AJN[[>-6'S^B-^OT8"A'\$I?NFW\%F\O=^BT>P\? MWF)4YC]GHW,R&@[Q2$V&UV^\'J) Q;JQDIMDHW9F/ MR$PBMYHYE=J#.Q@WCG(4RCNOA(,1"SF!EQ\$R3?)V"C@DYUB+>.I *JR+7"T^WNO]_:\UI//3YH-?2.Z,Q(^ P;>0(53S(N^ERG4416]261S. 7&U5V@UQ.[AMS'@M+8U8I65Z^_^M7S MEER\9N/FU:N;[U(\YP FYM2;394G$!'LJK3I9G*G. P M%KZ W5._D*SD -1;50_U4&QP'^SMP"UIR5_';\;# C\30AI R:"]$4:W4VL4'6O(XUL&'M(!73=Y(G;VTB WBO"(@%YD ZH \8*V2A :Q?E915 M*VMH!1!1B+]3S(-@EVL.8RH;N[;.CI'CH MTM?D!^)#Y>PD 03;8EH-D D M4%.]?_? V:27@L?3;@AU "4Z:,#I/]!=K1O!]*= @Z_'A-5'NLD-KHL=E&QM6J(?P0IOUM=('O^Q(:MEEH,W!6H,9VE JI&$(G3 M2(MBP G9M5.G8GWZ-V,=DZ&\;AWAJ?,F3K\+F;-93J057*"2QJ%%A.(+8N>_9U:[ MJ5OATF[SLA11TK>FA'.FNN+JP"/GAJTC=A+\&Y/9\,!\;K#00-+I(&**+.H& MIG.]5B2 S'+PF.-3>A_$YH6_4?N&= 7J$==33_4R118!TQOS=3FVMK8@5 MSH90\! 6A#KL4CQ9\0 K^Z".ON'-*L)((KJHV(NY/+GLA!$ M6X^T;:(6;QZN2'7O9-95%>VM?7_YD3T%SE.,L3TV4FNBR#5D[O5;U903:O,L M&.2A8!)@?:,Q.=591KB&E+W&N3ZVZW*2FH&GZTU1#BF4_5&;(8Y^J6DFY@OU MP;-[L%K>OG_7ZO8[A\=MK]/1;N( GK%JG@A J+9>)\B M03( SG%2\Y;K,;9&+ 1C%#J@*(@ZM[JS.J+SRH 2_ M6>I'+19C[E:L*\KO:B,6+OVWSA(,%^,8".&52JH_]PU(7/-:L:*\#/!G_"'[ MG#ING"YL:FC"3Q2(HS6+0RQTAZ R*'=6E 8=UT($G06]R9UV 3T*._&L.?M[I:;46()2*E%W6 M%V.BZUY@2#Y&%D*R(86&)(%_7/+?INGY:&8E"NS.VA2B1-4P5Y5Q4&"%NLQ[ M(%56*IK[X:6\BVEVH$TS',XQ'7BD!UPZ*AC;FC!WE>R B9D'^4TJ;5^K-$M$ MS M+0="8/6[*Q-76""0!'W+2TS4S^4A3 M!65XN+U^ 93 6;?=P_@G(V=/O-:7_J?3;N=_PP?=MGS9ZG?^:BND[U'[[+37Z9\2^/A+ MKV^PL"WOI/W5^_NT^S_AL^[9:1=^=WKB[>CN2$?]0],1:5>#>3N]WA>$RW89 M#_P1GHB.#SS_8Z?7E[O@T[NMD]Z'=M?WVO\Z_-0Z^8@0V4 81L\]P^=PU9?I.H(19SEJ-W%?S%\^Z3UF>3YL'W4YJ7_ MKV R?0-B^X3$\,3K?4%L.P+2^>)6C^_TO[ZT>[? I]QN*T>3:TUV:=?3^ 1?'N_ M]G5][Q,B[.&.*&((Z,>K.R=KB#'(%/58S L'WC?]HX[ MGSNX!%1$H'X%(O/UT^EQV_?>?^FC L?S@$I7U$=1A?._U/ MLIB@?SN'?/M>F]0R?"6[R%0J=-MPJR[?^92^;#:Z[;_@]DJ\GOS?-9^)7OV1 M2!.F9PK^;E6F#V=#WOASNW5"Y1L?YD] L\$R3 NU4/NTU%G:ZM(F:^DU%F%X M4AK>Y];?)%JPE.H$/-*2)XH+98[VLE5Z8H; JO+$K+\6&C,'-??#![]O._ B?,-;TG'>/NNK6RHI/>QT#[]\[E%I4 ]NTCOL=MZ; M6=23_V.B=1 N>LL(PROM5_N%&\L! C#]T IDH6*!A\WBWHG?YA^3]A(BKK8Z&]4 M(R=^53-D=6&IF]0K]3FUP3&/4J\TIRN5M]PKO2L-CKI,(4/%Z+4]J-+8:_I ?ID',"_E*.U?[2HT!4 MF%;"9W-7Q[JG- /+:U?W_]^G$-N&5B>CU2 MU&EV;:L)W2]K31GA=:6$W4K@AT\)/]W;?T(MIUL,"?N2$"-X.'I#&$Y5J=2C M4W9]=LVM8;A.R\E%T $9>WD!1+*1FL,@Y]H@2LS7XS8MY. MY^B:YOHTN)OZX1U;7'OG69"H&M&:?!!"F6^7/K]=[ERJ_A;DSND^NC1RB10Y MHHRM))V=W)F7*JN8O69%MPU#?YJ.N=37Y48G8\ H:A3#' M;)WUC(4G*4+],FK697%7"89:T=-1IS.%Y$TS]9EPI2K>Y[EOM:#^Z)E?_N2Y M3Y@(^Z,7^J*?ITWK_K-?(='T 63*KF?]?>KPMK0^?[3UG M%EVS;TO0:"G56K"%P$;CBC"J@>(R/.G6YE&SMENEU>$,TR9 Q/[5IJ'S4:"-;ND*IW^@+9O M>P;:-A2F4!O\1@1%YXHO7)0MDQG!P :* ;:3"A&P&") M"S$5#1(UP74HQ32:K4C>KTB^V%"1S$0DN7A2']@+A 3.N3\\QYNFFZ8F\Y]=BUSO[59YPVAQ*95,.-7 MY3 P$Z5 A 6\_ MG)[T0;"5NWD1%>'O^308AJ^3]"H+0*J?OMC[?11 ,P W)*/CFQA^++LV!LU*79L M-\;LXD?/)['0%2;$O"]ESO/#AIF.%RYZ)-.NY!*2@)D:$:M5FM5R2Y6(=F\: MJS0C4MM1TE21K6A51PYY.;Q^:ZC QMX$YWCQ?LF3A!8F?% M!*28>_['@;^WMZ?M8+1]SY&R:C*+BVC*L(__L4_7 P/2[O)9UMU[1LN) M>"0XNJV,WK.,;B*XJ!KZ%T0SJUSF.^$4@DMOT!7/B)I:_P%J\(Q)C%O(-[7U M^>];EC81+Q0)G[9.E) *@WMZWDO>U$ [:7A_L"1N' 6FXTYTU@94LX8*CU _;1;TKC^ O'5M$ 13,ET&E]3^+FN((2[[T0(G,+] M.;8'I*C8EGJHI8N0;M>BQ*V^G35 [^;Q;6,9][M+-A':577N,!"6U10$V)%8 M;YIF]E%;5SU0>XHW&_5M7Y2*IS-B% [CP& 1L#M:'&9.NX//V,./&H>* MK?H?MM-8^SBU3ZUQ$IP)VW\2D-E6 /A ,[&N>JK,>[;PW4_M9E_Z_492\C1W M;M'6U%UON6%+D( _6JV\-U =3-)L(5E(]F;F!)^ZH*VK^%&7#V02% M%I$!MB-+*@0VBM ![R&X>74S8 MUM%L**6&Y*[G*74(E"U9&AJW^C0X"8/F*&L:.,SUIL87HN^K;[4]@.][7VPB M ] M)]Y(VL-1J]DPD';A$NO!1G+>./H.UU/=1, MZ+%N 24$V%-54D=/E@$9UZ#FUM523%C;YFPVR^2L=!N3 W: MRM&_IWO/W:.C]A55XVZI@1C5KFF)I,54 ?L:[6;QL$BWF)K)K-Q8 \#-#45^ MJ$X9KL3_DB!R)7->=I>L/DESA(.;/7BDUL-0.6I;T^N^==XFHN2H8L!L/1_I M1;B9(7?]S#RA#A(I;%]2H1R(WU$X#F:QK@I%Q1GF-?TA2UZ)VA[N;0DDKBY5 MS9T4@!R1&=3/7?4-_XD &2^V@(S'LO>7!V341-S(*\%@]YQ@D8J:E:-DBZ+= M]T:H\Y,LW)V4]B;"49=5VL,4M'9 "$_;BFIE132$F?Q758 8MSAEMY M6Y&\;2(>U \Q)/@XYKZ>R:785;81 0=PUF@U%$Z F9&M8W_>>V40DG!TS7YPB!'?O?!80T[-0/9LVCEJ^ 6]]'ESKDLT&*3=L56HXW-M8O#. 3 M)LT:E^,> X#JL].&*4TM$;DL6M>KM?J=E$S(SQ^[0':AWWTA>" MOW*RPE$"6BI'X4&L'/IX56RXZPEB:VNF\@YR RDVU^0_88A6$+Z;0G*;C,MV+SF 6]%TWQ\$&JV\9I&-SC+ M%0)PNR$@DX;?IN6-#8XLWS*_>_ &=]&-]>! MB28PT#@ GTF[ZA:XFV]9%\"U,2BP,54!; "L_%1@YSF^6 M3K.(=P5QPFK I02&:88;> 8AKJ6\?P.>5)@FP0:4 >?@@(JPLF4J7S+ MY@ZV*00;B3?R( ^E:9O6K^9.C@%1$U4OO[3I].;?$'2OQ5G="^O4$Y6.?WQ( M@I>_ I+@_AKOENT=TA;M[R"3K*W=/N.^=Z04(LK9$564&G7RH"=5W]T[!IM, M@T>"OP3^"9^.RX 5*B]_N2/A1 &#P,=7[X#IXKU(9/;K8>( M@9N&9)\^I:V_2WTU/7X6%;_:YS"!D^E9=?4/F@HXF3%)TC@8YA%,6OC$:R-* M/$N3:&CNG FH-4'8"4V9Q@#:TVC]H]$%^*BL%0#E!Y8%X2U08 ZUBB%-\:/5#28?>7*?=1M,O'_E/E@?H+PPVME%I/R'*+_1V_EV@>[ M6L:0GT\X).&!B3MP*B3#^A4Q!F$1\)BSGU;-Q@:@X5&^\8=9E']#,PL MX$:J EE'*0 MF#4=@=2AUX0U;(SU#]0F,_(U".?;DTZ[P:R$]O6-+6$M&X_JX8TS2YVHEU6A M GA?WQZBK6!L :15'D6PV^ 7B+$&+Q,9TVV'3F)14U*:2J&Y^E?V6"0"I%W' MI"(8B+H65U $_:PA=VW#_G+@8PJ1*SW=+3L%A>8 ^^0%BW9'D5ZSCD?.IT6-FQF3:YO?IKA$3!6C8"66V>#L;$V-IP2 MX*R2SM%GI?LTH:2P&ADZYW]%(#IC2Q.5PKYS\[ZF8V+))2\%E)SJB]K@T5W# MDHMBQP=[^_3N90^+"X^MQ8!]73OY?":K\\ *K*"KA?%N2L#AA-3VF(TH]! (819_A]$0[% X4 M'#D.D1VFLR0/8Z)1HE-NVP!\A96?&YC +FXV5 M;6/?.G=I^+5CQ5*E-,'O48? ZW; 3^,!?Y8'V MU-T)_ +UH_VAO;#-^O^B'8.51-G&R=5%I2%V*6Y#7J\D39T$1\G&=C*67)-F M&30,&-1P5A/A5G'UJLGB !,FW;#8MD'82Q">-+XF"LMD8 M9\%L-".N8\*L7^,S?+#-TNP\2'3SE G"[$%=2.\R0>VCPQMD&.G*'3(]=%3H MV?CO( --4A852S@'+E77@L$8 M3;!,9:2K6O!-S],4/+F W2'Z"S/4L 3)^9-;@(4?(IMH3 7MU!A%F:>VKJRS MPP42(,&;D;)KM$M5/C(BB GYP M4I;[(1>W+E2W@(3RJ3B!FDDO'(;T.Z=RG2:H"L) U%P50F*J:R6]SV0@*H*' M* 8H^#"^9_5Q"-L'Y>0:ZJYC#]F 4A 5.3.XKB2/.+;) M)936"#0S9'6BX"2!LRO'LC!%P66BTX2!,1]7G(EK#-9@,@L,+[""KTL^A>LY M:,++&U-RT;ANL,;&N]53O,&L@%,/CSG+D G$R3D_Z!BVMF2A$2""MU@2Y1C&EY,H_)0;J>AH*A #\57EE] MY;H2(-.CV5# R 1),1EZ&SCFEY2;AGTFJ0;&S)TLM\1=\U:9WD;7]";6?B9O MGEED+=PGN.@A45/#I,/(\IS_I)%A4"'2(#]RQ"\#_)F*T9'B4ZED25M6LTB2 MFA3HMH\_U!2&HF"BS,IZSDO8/C04MU9(W'RJF6)79#DP0WQAMUI!:=Y!&T5R M7NFL:#9FB78_R:0*KI]X+9THONW&LIZDRD_KWZP6_ZC*IV@,8T+AW^*-:(OF MU&AD9'!>MWEP4' 0@06+(CSG=H &? \Y:(LM=(ZJ9&*@.?HZ)R%32(HV]*,U%*>*Z7#E,*(XXIN*38[!8+'3Q> M^Q(\5[BR &C"O"3 -J,EI)A"9.9VF9/K,?5/8P.95]4"4TP =M\*#;NZ94X%0U1O0BR%3)4I099UJ?+9ZXY"A3N:?>,98)U,",WXO M1U+U('IXD)\8+D[YG2JMFVM#5KA?Q\J;>)B)J@AT%?;&"MZ,4,4VM.2"D)/H M/O&^@O20QUQBY*1.=:EYBKRGNJ?_>$/AK[:A\+N%PN]; DRN-D:_-!2[;;X\SI*.?_@L T5>S=5Z-V6Z%ZRE[ACU4V M/X!%R9+PV@3%Y2@S!5_K293 (7N)AYO$#?2NH>ZA*MFQ_/;S*=A>#F^J\IBI M&'=L) RNO4%058YMR.H0ZU @P&ST6&V*[5/86;%X6C9D/X^.M,^3(29Z>ET% JQ2DB?#HR?*^$CK[KPW*W+; MI;#RH&@;UP_:[4RC9428 H2^3NZR)A\#%*7%?#1"^ M_5T?NVO _SS=90C>,[O5!M@0!JQDMYREU"O,>J4;R>MM+ "IQ2B7*=4[D56=)68_]JY4H]HW;+G>F( MU? 'E;-7HYN;C9N5,U426;&"JAJM36MH^IQ1;1]#*4"OC8':( BR:FIU*")2 MQ2=26G2.\4?SPXWNV+]M-FZCJ 4!29IENP_O=Q]N8L^-4C1X$;R4(ML+4L6* MJ,81Z]3N2PE'Z6W%W'30OJD*X+E_4[#N:258-S=\5_H0HW '?Q(I[4 M=.Y[ DNB=9EQ$,$D3K.KU#8:8E2*G3() -K.V\IN7OPN5+TO"*.@U$U?>WU A%E+@J_ M-M! 7(X!K;_.-%.%II(*"TYO"P1+B&:O91] ISEW@ND5X! DZZ]G$6;NB1JMH[OMI'^9XO'62/!EL"UZ M\]8CP0,;9:>3:19T[);(,(G)*/I%YD6G5*3X@RFHL3"=X5:VF=Q-\11CZ=FX MBW(%$>7 '!9QV&(V0\7%?BUTX>5+@GRU )M5UW M]L4SUZJ3?Q!E!G%A009'N!%F0T[^Q6F>4P,D^&9 &*7S[1^ *U\ESG05Q7# MT]GFD=%6,6HK-,$ S$-6R2A%$!>IHF1K_?/&/-!B\^]71 M\ .$%GYS*J//@]71!C]$K;(6PPM IVS++;(L#S:C,XZDP0F5YA0 MIM\8P^3EAXI!65V J !A-9BC66M_8RL6JA/!PX/OLZN 3YP8R4(\7=:&'2QK M!0LL),'-FV(V+\HZ::E]I@ID[4RQQ LG@=")R 6D5!3RDJ) ML#O+#XBB0A93KLU,Q;3A::+BVK7L!?!1L; R&^F>L-:6RU&P"I:#9C!.Q;NN MI QO5H?"M\%1A%F4%;-J]M=1EU5#:5 2";>4ZF'/$/F&K$X.%&"W%'B["?K7I8J]#/Y+O9)HA&,\*84)G=_@\;9S M.=C_%4+.2TWGW6HW[(A@>=^XQ[ZFG-.;"&'B0D%7W4@"^U]B)^U(@>40;F.7 M=PJP CY2O[,K67G_45,M4A7$YJ_8"GBD;D6]VBI@"H:7:+_4[1G01)=15C!% MX$5 H&Y&09CZ (N>1P^QV=#O)L8G34>%HZ8@RX_0M();(M R!-2E9B8#%[$)2 M#ZW 'P.$\D9C6;;O+,,0_&W/,P"KX?P#K#I2T=9V5%T]Y]^;U]U MF=> HLH59 F M]61U#M?#A6%E*]ARYOO(>POFI+"2#*I[2IGUBF+GAE;:^)[@7^BA3U(L;R+' M0_/?:?H,N:SN7 B?([ 2\9Y!I\*OK:\ 3T MR?%2H1-WA4 L[RSK95'' YEY8#"A)@4L'+7#KX3T#K_:XZ]N/;."1JV[AVD. M0Y6HH I+!'=R2U,C,_ TA"-)6@@4TA %M=0[JDW*@I".4P3)>H(#=+L.Z&3'U-'&!+AA]NV']YT_C MR?V^O6-BI52U%([\N?= IUD>5A:& B5@S!HL0GEAWA8!+T#?4C#,PV M48=3#>$>2'V,-Y8J!U-5+ZJV/B'(+?$T*4>$V#LZ>^17K$(7=P^;H\::C4I0 MFS>=LBAX6N#7:M[+;)Y3C$0+(L 0= MX$UGGK#2.X !WH5-^HI] M0/^S49Y)H.0B"1OKICO FSF9%]U !LCI'9[$'E:''M5X%_ R3\YUHBK"-;4:^ES5&J;B*5HXW#R&9?M[O1ZB M; !\[XB6>%G'$ \9-#)GCKVS1J_ XI)\O@>H3TE;AN,+BM\]C5;IJ0'@HEAX M/0=A,%K'AJJ@_WRQH1OW)BZ KU#80.^)I+*K6I%Q*DLIMSP($M/1509):5IF@2L)_PX[1:A.PV$? MN+R]?A.^2+P'%HD8\GI )UR.L+GG.2!TF]3OX9$#M3>Q-WU:C80S MQW"%.H0NH>0&F]HQ!%UA+%E3-/'E)GN1W_Q7ZQ _VSG$-R-KO0:1D"?4&6U/ M#(# ,4 FL:/P/P[7/R5 (*(:6ZE>6W(P]K?NS47:U9D M_5:S(,+N^SV; "V?'W-*13_H% 09B^AKG%?_"(9!W5+FK*O,=>MRQ38:'U6U+] MD[_77QJ[TA9:)OLIJ/T]E8.*^ IB"F3UFRX:K$_+=M0QY:,?%UA^9UD;MLA.WQDR*/>=O4>>*HN >_/KCYA*>JVDAK:400KXQ4/^:@OZT7RDF_$%UUYF MF;654*';[)P,#F$R)T6)].O3#AO?=.DO)6U1K[DV2JN&"^2K]4F?[WS2F_FD MUC#'>G)U,M-5D(Q97K0F^F.Q+[*H1>LC%:%"H/N1K!9T'TOGZUKZ),MPH!34 MF]GCO+&Y&-U!I"0*]%#((9.>6#Z-K62Y2SW"DY+D7G2X!^3AN@(P;R>2=G.) M(?6=PR]_QLA#.9TSYBL,54>CK%]-I=[MFA?I(0. :RT_Z.E:@8B-54*M#2+.&!?/_3$]L[/'- &EW7 M]-(/I5H"I2F]!C,$E*";Z;\:S!PX+D,W ?[ %P4;3Y=\TB&^ Y3.S7M9_W?NVB9B,RW_O+8''Q[10_OAX^B%YA[WWS=84^)SUA&YW M:6?W^O:"]PIG 6 ;J> ?CQ]Q[\C;H%& DTZ(IK"C,>\.?XC M.F9@/A,3 ADOGJ6Y$ 07C?R#2(!IV:,DR54#$41)&C0?!AQSE\DT LN M]0, 5,T0!*P+8//S$+];0M@G3(9&&P02X=M#[.\WY5B726!Y1/U"+?& MS 2% G%$#%H MOD&"(0 9W2A%-W?*TZA-?/ *I(\B_QH>!%\H#Y+#MLU.EG'D"MSQ9Y>WGKH MX1A%A)9PI)H>737P=37)5QT33Y_?043Y\Z^_G)Q].GW]C[>)B O/YV^?Y> [MN0'>P\Y\?T0G^ M49,MP9J 9424)NCYL?^])4OP*5(J#OB*SLAU3KU&7#/T:5?C>N84XZ9M_ /!G$*:_4N!T,68[(^&U?5Q#KG"-P,U]=$KZ^^/G7H M#T$[W:[I^%MO.F8W ;J MH&"?1ET6\VS I";YF(T8=XB=%3)T[HM,XC,A!I^BE^[J$PR!FU5$Q@0Y"0*" M2H*?^H XS)*KO0. A"S8.HE@%5JK/VF7-5 M^#[PDCVBB*#=\^CYH9JIP:QSF#?%F/L;(BE_\1AJ%SMK^NL#M:9AXV-@4IF+ MSIJ7C;?I3@)M_7HZ?G8#OZQX@ N*S7F .T-SQXOJ(:XJI_[,?&R!3G&X@%B0XCKL M/@[TBG63J'KRJ,?ZTC)_BT>"Q F4M)=!"?AD>OVJQLRG&!"@I%YA(P,6* /O MWSG[> 1WC@3)_:5/L-0(MY"9F,:G&L+SGT')^WL49F!519+5/NTQ$#_[F1I* M(+= FPR9O)$9@4\[XMR-+_8O"%:J6+X'6M5 W_)8* M%^1G5%\1*FJWHAZ;GF6XHE8 ^9+W8,'S&A ++U\UR6LG7,3EZN3]HBBY%/&: M&."9807*_7@F$B" Y+*9*X I&.!DX%J#KC!X94%LYKA1ME\#IE"KB \Z9 /K ML2M 'GU/K=*%$!BJII @2]>O-"N>GZ8;";66 M: #W#MD78W1XCP'7='XHZP:^O.CI]8QF64-\ Y9W@BJ0/EY/'XRJFHQ_F1X MNF^):>@FM4Q",9Q0UZ04W'!"DM_A56VI?!GP'X7\'?0RDM7O(L4=20MNPP46 M+AG5_NGGB-$R+&BC(=@WC8$DXT-7+:K1.FJ_TS>U\R (>B[[4+?9C#M%J#\6 M0>VZ.2MHC'/5QI:5HU'=X*KTOG6("-,04V7ET>R(^LR;Y,):__XZ?FD_LZ_H M047*9\6[)*SKS=[X ;H, HTM6FG0\2 1Y;00TH@ .5F]PHRA:74C?&R6_!>^:IJH!0C4 M=(PQ,^N(C)MT]_CO''CIYL0_9&WT'R7>%&.$QMPQSXS)](CI2#_#/)R$#U.5 M JF)&I/XM05=1$]D+-'GG((Y[D+&1V^P79*@A B-H^ MO3M(,4H0]I:UKL88T7@6LT*1M%I8-.@\-,1$:]]+-C%V JC7LXG9802 J$A/ MJLXON/$*OFGB3=BWTG@)P$I$8D^*C(3YU@)AS?K\SGXE%4!LR,*%LW>0.>UZ M.WXZO1AF4 #=;[1#>Z"H@F]R_;X 97[Y-HP M#HF#1:#EB2#+PW8)VE_ =?:^O2R\=0_KM/V)S@]K8%VSM[^_O;-Z=O/]K; MWYM?^X(Q>F\OF?84FEN1 ,G-/[.( .,QP!&=1, M6L;0;LH3"$ 49]Q:+SXW-J5^U%Z&M6'QPF%#>BO G5A9I8>1O2#$%1B!'IU8(9 M=Y#"K)QD6(?4+ 'X,6.59YE8\=J=H;L5_K@S_+T5GM?8?T.JMPBW@0D:7V#H MB"N8U%R-H^&HU,[KG*OA/38?Q505K'ZOV2X(,\FC6MVRYS%WVQ&ABR'C 2I) M?L+X W+^ 6-0>D[WRP*DRYK\"K7&@Z9RV["$+9= \L;-'IC;PBYLK\D E!T?>QGW>\&%?^S)VWAM M9IBI!2&V(6NQPU[=DKEX_K#-1>KY_ IB0H#J?=WAN81 LE!@D YV0;W^"A94MEA4A2;F?VUK M/_WSB5Q=R\Q(E0JH3K;F^"O0[\-?3HG>6:J2@P'5;HF\>8!+!/3%X#!B_I0D M:YKB'-.,,6 ?L UPM0>C08.[6%B%J/G*N+^>WFBOKM MV?R8V"S_3/RX57UNG.3_SZ9AZ"S;+:0[7DB_/ -%\GT=@'7Q.T/-"53L?WWG1#W.S!$>;61V MUB*"KPK$_'[7+00-C,HL_^J*B:-A4ROR@$%0S.4*O*)H'HVQ/*\S9 .-^VF' M*W)+7Q]D]?O' %G=[>Z'F/23KK30@:WS.7@H9ON90V+)^'I@.B0V1SA'N%*^ M@CYJ%Q[=4GCT\D&N'!%KZ"%M+1AY-=;7(YT&J=)FJ)/Q7IL&H2D*NWHL&-J/ MX4(D=/()6M:2X^,T\?N1@&C7*C,)7?DTGV!V'6GNL*E'",W5^28)=WL@(D/+ M"%+MU+3EC\]Z?+VA8>[#MNBP0#%V *Q[J%;BP=8,)"6H/402V4=0L M\$>-H/ D=?3"%P05?R !14](10EPK6$ M&(N@ "U@T\I7&4" M]UC/?)]R[ QU./:LJ>IB"@L\Y]?-0FR^VHQ-?/[RX MKD2V%\=7A%\L4R%S"K#EQ1S,A7D;LR5W0(N-*-&(*IH-&[^BQ?&9*\P$DI"V MN00O ,:B(OI 6SJ>D'))/6TX$T^2@;WLV? ; M[K3KVH']/=J2Z8T7N,\'MKHI =7,^:D;1=@57T$\T_RB \,--[4L5JTH7./M M^*+QE4]=$ MFZRS/V"B5">)F@VSS#$GV>=94?ERA:\/>E)"[@#I@>I)F@2OG":(Z"G,H+>J MM@6+P75XCJ[3Y"G=Y+"M&)Z_JM%2"0J2*T8O0@X5UX^HU_2U=K6EW2#MHA*@ M940K;OLE5?9!R7S**V.B";."[*6J$3=-!)R!6 'F^']LX(="K(+MW4^XVER+3 #M]L[XT*_0]3_0N]6(H>:LZJDZ@9M MA^.Z& FGV'2#?LJA=;XK FA18TL2&B2B:S+(A%!@]@V5N7_8E;D?P^Y^D&5N9%.=.S (Z*1WZ0[Z\G;2RK\CL^V"Q&*T+A $J*R[SU6)N+XZ?/@AXP+M*=*=M^8VSJ@2-H02_,+=J[HG" M1.L%)>503=1E;:P/>]_ZTR^.GI&./!%C\NLZU1H38)@^=F"VP$UY"YK$8[1T M\++9K&U-G=;E0!P-"U6 IX[LTM*>L'+Z$&W6 $\64!,%#F! 3P1TWLQ/%%*. M#!.-,->6QSZ[?J1?Q+7$7FB_^J"32* J9!F2L)0>'EV@2P)M,6WJ\"FJ(S3( MI?:\6?C[U44ULQ+=6$D-:R@129/KZI(@2?QU_'E+!3C+SQ$-G=,J)YFM8&'L M[XF7'QT3_IM?0!@.I- J2=%K;; 7^/EM DS^=)F9MWV&0D[10;JBUMTP!3R[8I[>.V%)6K M4\228D9(JP;IL-"+G_(.S^MQX8JYBPIZC@4^3H6@E 6%]$@U@SI!A9;W?_H^ MQ]-7%LCO9H'\5IB]]:&NJBF^Q->SK)AO"]%3>E7RR'KA=LG+7CU+@/TTR5C$ M-;_!P\7/O!V2%7 ])[7/+)#ZZ#IKT:Q0 "[ .;YT*.B-^""'O 3:MSQJ6N1),YH M4]*C: CK)"VKYH(8CJ$W -/2D[-1P@5HI[VY RY4 5+HA'KU?#V MX&T(@B7&9^_:W-'6;L @>^L.A53#HBA_!^ZW>'^'\@ F>S:BZHV0\?$*E)MTH:%*0."(3Z-*1)K0NRD1#CHUUW:P$U_ MA#P X9/A[\^) ,0RALCEK; 1?XZ-1RHJF[W;+^4 )2;:T_%0>0WC?,UH_9CG^ PQ(NI-)$TT6%-'41 MZKZ K9Z%)CPEP!?S M^8B%)EP,19J4?0,/#*0 2OQ"E.M-XMX7O;B7$\L4\#;)GXQ'_N XG;P$QY9" M8A"&4\;'B3&R /25@,KH=?-)%Q/.^M%X[')$$ MA_\:?=*A" ;0\"YFREH D3BON2F!OC.;(8J)Y!O/)%[DA-]G2 M+V,2H"C^F7!UB0[+;>Q:*U18*9=_+*,*EW-/\\TAQ^U*%]5.=E:=-A'K^?#Q M/^%$_P03_=/B+U )#.'J[/1*K@V_)]%%7PE./P*UF?03%]&B4*WJ$)B)@RT( M(D*Z0Z4G((K\]YDR(JZ9B_== 9**LR7VA!"9#(EL2\=3T]4DIX>!$IFA:3+M MY).]'-R=KX??3L\^?OHI^52%]@/+N)R4@0A@11XD8A0.!ZP"$S+=YQ-^?/OZ M_;LWL4>$'^41O0( &25-0L$6NW^3-ED M+IU #0OH>2O*H#4*^22/G22GU\0?TRE;DS,?QLZ9!!][E^/OW]]&QP^1 W M")HY&3_-BE7SOO?#YWL\?/YA'%LQ9R6!%K9TXIB0G&/(2(NA*APJ!7,'"R'J M2?*U G ,#B*QR*&E&;/E'RJN M.6B=.7Y*Z(7^*=DE41]L?Q&2+O :QOZB.K\LJ@X4?*B].=[0]DFY^:H0OI87 M@)*H@P7LG3;7X\-&!D'173(H",X!#3$BKV1UUV3OPN7MF6B-G_ 3BW$ATDAT MW(,?[Q;\XQ.C:Y3)-0>HK'U HI369?P&XN8#8DHS#J:E^!S0 :D MF1K_MZH9P;>_IQEH$0;F$B1XCUF1C8H9;19B.S#["R(Y(O Q?I[Y!/C?:,@9 M$8MCVBW=QRF,9FV8L6?3K)C1BO0]V3"G"([B2T]Q#_%N42*H5!88I#TGM",2 MS&GR.M\U43Q.HO:RXD(O ;Z@;%DT"/MUMBD\SVV6@9S9P'1.C)M@5B=^DSHJ M3$ _W%/Q\N@[LX*EG8(AWISEB[)+W*+K\BT1X3X[VE47;Y(40=H[6"WH0C9M M54UL9JE$#P'*TF:[5"7FS>9 P"++219J-"7!=2-SEQ+RN%?F.E#LAD5^6=1M MYQ1RETEVF8F B]1/AL$)4*G'8C]69 #U\X.9!)W=]3L]JK[P,5(H8H/''P5$4])W#LI&O1[\J: M L1W7O2[P=,^OT!!I\:(LQXSW * MS,CD_9DI.F, V >QLZGY)R=@X8E/5>,(?/YU59HUT>H 4?U /*:TZB7?%1[VVZLU&D\9Z.FFB&BC0H":F(QQ2M(NE7]2$/I M;6A2&?W3-31JSJKO59/-RH\:*_PB34XF]G6?4!H^#=N&EK8HX2O%2^%9 4?M M-X =#N&[K:*' =(43]%.-&%BI "UD/E9?PQ65":PQ9> M/)%DP-\;:-'HI2SH2--N W+9T]*==]5?'T] '47BBP ]5?P'_@= M1;OY7\;I0=O>(N\W=3>9HY?]%/O&B?8[,Y:K%F-D[,ZL\EI88_//%1>_6N2V M):3UN?\8WA-F>, 6K+D3]R^H;K+@WO?M#!P?X?Y]D\\RG+CW Z_D(RVV=OA9=N#CC7 MA:Z,N+L2 W\E:4.M^79(\8PVEOO,&,RZS8V/6XZ9"[4HG\"'8WO0 3&N:UW-B \7FX=6*P>4@*(?"E\\7,3 M8''XBZ Y[F:XN-E]8-9/ M/R0 &Y=C&\A]#7WVP 7 M(0GZXY [&OM@GIV_!CJ%#N;_A#]@R^EA*J308*K'J? "X_3+.$>QJ(I2?Z[UK9=3R6J* M,3&1@IF-2"-W0*5(Q&R4E5QT]:*2CB(_'!AU6 568^5K8RJ4.L1]%D/;._K MZ0R/GW%- Q*VD)YVNIS%\XK!+)H.= M>W#Y45^*\(/&^ $2L7;408 MA"/8H4'SM O#@F69L[NW*WC9PUTR;&?UFS81C.BZK=3?,O-2ZC)?4D=SDTSS MW*>O2^V !(GB8A-'C_S(_T850.QI,'KP5(LO1U"#OA3CYG2_3U' MMP%A!LZS ZW5X 1Y$E7\T76V\JH\M)?;?@MW$\_$?V=46H\P^&>I!A >SH U.%/8@ MRV6.@NK0_@V(0'$=:EFH N-^K"[@"U[,\FRB#9*&!C45@H.84J.FO(/7]\ BWH"N9:F!^GJ:@6VAP-FE#P5-#7$ MSTL62>9'>LCSVGQ^CA7TWH'YRK;"6GJ[_JSN[PU,*S/C,/# _!Y/7"2P&IH/ MYTG HU,?N X!7IY. M# 1^7P%0FNN3 )' M,FY_"Z2=Y*2:ER.;@C'Y^:Q'L,2X/(?S8#E5+JT'DJH>#HB$"468+T[MZ!$: M^]RKLH-]E".*!,.* ,^H@=MC_SJ5*5T/+C]&@8V- 46Q\J5^_3Y'>3"?O[UEY.S3Z>O33C_GZ?F[K_^ M 'G%1EJ&=;SK+GF"LS0(2YK:1 MQKS\'F/Z+J?R[2;K&+K%[02,L8&=+8[&)HK9FF=:4R"ENRS=X]/MTV>'Q'P$ M#V(7EI-.S@@A-XOW2X*8"QDWGGA-CMD)@(Z6(7? ]8 +%-J;TZJ8$T..YVMK M.5]U!&?8HU#UW)1(?F-%V6EE_]?76&9ZNBLS/08[\Q!5'SE5EHV:G(^J4693 M8=2_#KFNOL!!#?[R=2U&@_(*"-ZJ.Y=L:P"\[TC:Z/RL 6N RC3\J6I1E&A0 M'+:_%=I_1$-"TPU:NI:X\>P7IEU=%LU%'X=,(3=$57/%^ I>9!"!IZZ!'\%V--+8 Q-JE9(ZEXK(5@1)8[G#+6 \)HXW*! 0J$*"]DFOOZI;F?$K!IDS)KD$ID EQLM+8@EJN44][N:0J!^[IA$&V\)MX7&H[0%)3[*I.4>D7W"W$1\3 MQ TFR5S3(/"&K;0-8?!WBW;QQ5UAQ7;ET?'9H/Y15MOT 2O@[*D= -K$!FE#C@N_( MGNYVW;[^"M=MS*/6 M?7.%3/'QT7$:_N8Y^MQA*U^JN/>K:.?:_MZ66M>L4)_] :5$:8P& ,?4!ST/^KRUK-YBA5$>[>-M,"^33UJ-2L96^-(,N.4X9% MNPN['Q]#WI^]1"X"P!PFS1'-3%+!CZ_8L^'!97,](!/F:7>Y94F-*>:O3*3/ M"L+,I!'-5BOX#S6Y\(A 9#3VKX,4T?9_:>K*,)I7KR)Z5 M2]$Y4BV@C [H* .[^,R#R9U94L<>(NX^ M@; FR4PO_U@%[H8F5.C*B@!':@,95'!06L2)/AI(!&?D^",">UIPX MPVH%_T4(FE#3#>@6L4*A\ &JJITBM+?NF'*0"MR0-UA4@+T(>+%3EQ61+_(/ MW&R9BCK9J"J1 FXDC67F2I A0" 0 R385B/S9(2WJ+7DN%8 >P3I=^]9Q$_*TLI&U5N M_6L%#8/@0N.@*MU1L.JF]+TS>[W=LGY\-?"KB[S$5C;!V$V,+UZ@IM8 1W8O M8(+V4+"SD[PI2*@>'7E(?+ C?')(4M@;XPO[)S ?H!)^22_P M:W6"[N^]I[,2+OQ:-%@A\6:&N]MSCR\''?'K&@O^8I%>2>LV5H5;0*?9Y))3 M H3EE,]3X:6_U$1.BCU$AI/.%[, XPN&'+B MU*4ED]337E;L%WSB#*E5?(%$5F.I9>H5 ,GRU;):KPR"'&O6>8T>N%M"R MA>Y5,EK>;.W.K+O=K2^_BMW*,(L1%!)A8 D0X46+"!T4>D&WT$+A MF;)!Y1^ E^B6$Q!WG7,@G@*OLL#"BM"_7N 9ET(A@ MYXX^&TX>I=+A@@T 4)G%QDHXA!ZZ-%'(>QH8@/_NTD2CM""N;5E'37=JC*KJ M 5KNO5EA+?J[A72HM[))0!UH $?,;U4BM@#N"T!:\(UR_6=0 UZH(*/ K MAQ;'*CMC*,>YT(!#-&M]>MZ"B=N!),DM@AY 2H6]&H%O;W;'Z2^N4']AY@*% M#4Y_H39?G[&II*XKS#7C+8U1-G^K)L;C Z*:G> + %UF9WSMWMDO_Q M@2[Y3?#^\91/>AW8-,GV.01@M#YGJ04G(AS 65GG0!/R,HCZ YQP+/3_IE1) MGS\&&,C.9!P?/4";40 @+2&-+K(9VHH$OJC9HLJ48 $&E!O-.8?.KSE VD51LY?X-B,]Q(8W\[$EHK?2'E_3.4- MY. H -[\ MJS&_R1SFV=C@IIJV5T+K IDE7PU;0N@=8!U-8+R0PY( M_5:*&' ')_ZSOT?R4V, .B.J .RK(G\PKP"IJ,V"-C>@,HIY_]W $N:+ICZ_T046"#45.@@@ (_UD^. @$DR/R'_3WZ>/!I)>;,#U#G$(CB E*V=*, K M/D1D6Y\+CBK9]KB1@I+QHY!)/].X9R"A;+FCF;N\RVQ.)2UPC"Z+B=EQN-C^ M X]>J(WA7RM:[HW.:&2\I:P @/:H'B&+QS)\63C;* >N M[@TE1/.1-2 U)7&A+J.&"(>COFS!N/&04 Y%G(NJ@T8^GEEFJ )+V71P9>/$ M3%;R8^[VY>WLRX>*?D,"_P9UTYDBWC\;9(NXQ@664R9-D1 ,.L1\D^%1"O2" M6]>"?'GT7#HQO 14]FW*>;&9YV FB M:$?)1>QRBK.39.S=&?%9OLI1*$ -E!"5=67='"\5\ M&O(>@52D*UL;Z EA4E19X$(H& M>;ZI,""%4W&_PD OCTA6Y/>,Q#H>A/U0_KN9QVP)YON$RO^>[.-9?HY=![4 MF5D5^%S)\ME]S] JYX?Y7^*BYS)E%\FL(K.R$ AP53)( \.DP,H2@DKU^0?3 M^T.?.>?E\3.ZB^/^F.1F/)8:2+:J_0628'(5"Y1SD,X2=PBUK%^938O[T\Z C,_\7_L1W 9FE\DOU> ,_D[(#C,N\0GW *NOM\7]Q6.H;=Y=BSO9 M.)8!L]3 ,U>8B6=J/,(!ZBDYXAO'_#]#UU M^IO;YV7C^ES.\F(^,O$V'O3;%\G#Z6IV+?W?>DL_"Y'Z?1P4VTIN"/[+K5UZ MS:JF7MY;@.$J,;$+_L$H;Z\@$:LV&[&O>'>J2 S,5F1JP)C5D3U]P DG/88 M)T3%]9Y8@/&IH&B'?5Y:RM2[%'+0M*+$AMI#3 !%OQTLK^QZPK[A)OO80>)X MP6SCE AJ8!V/S;BWS!D*UMBDKZQ[1X&WO^=D>B=%8X\"JA^@ ":5$+E-"HNB M3EM7N8DA(VAO-X0R%"[52OUH2FTX.*2"O^OFKF#0C/=D]#CU>&+[YZ%-R8C\ MAWUR_\&M[B>70H/ZC@4)X'W.:R@4:V!Y':$JA^LHIE*L# $?HG&B?_[M_;M/ MUE^Z,);DN\9$;?E/97559V;9E57YG?&M33 %C_[S?\#G?W&DP]74ZD,C(:F9 M.'1[_FF"HV92 ;'1FJ !R/!J?W=RFD"8U FQI=M&O-SH'U9U+: MD_)N$E0,\&J@O# \1X9WS;&6Y$[ M3F%NV5%])"N, J-'N;/B[P,_ IDP71+L&97 MO7&^>^0-Q@@U71$WI =_ 1?)A])$!V0?*!&U^HEH=JPMZ5@]TN;2W+A(LE6$=AJ!QD1Z&&A# P M0+J-,8/ =C3U M?(\S7]?,[GTK?MJ(W/=[88OMS,IE.2"M!]YS^U-NO"2J52AH QE+KT@H^P0) M^8KSTD)>ZWQ>76:SX%2^_W4*E;GO7ZG2[@^O\(W:E'8P8:Y7VQB/?&B)O7)9 M\_T][B1-'53'N1AIU,&H-6$367J+X8^ !(@5VF,1F:JCN/?5^T]:_L!)RW(Z M*XBI\52H;K>3JSSU 1HH/R=3FHV)+C]+:'&,U; ED\PK1?5U&3 I6\-2^=$3];J^A8$1&@0(3N'OS,*,>I.[ :Z.:GP\@9M5[$!I$O M(@/$G$X$!.U=;7\/#F;_ZS *2&7"&V6OEU_G6[APKT"8"24#GL5FS>0XQ[/0 M*8S;2:9OR(@G*\5C ];L?(3YAG&V ' 98[OKQ:RCD[A-9B:Z:)/_Z\51>G2$ M_\ B'\1B;TOB@K0Q4U94O7[RZE*T$/,LXS M"RZS2S^2].\E3.*O05$JD3\"K!+YI#"+ O"B.,J#XV,?SA&=N_"[@E,J]*;A)B1@$2X?W4R P MI99LRF ^E.'A%D&)^-8"LN3?03&JR_7??3TU+&R':SQH36FS_S[7O@0 MJ@R,ZDL6/AIG/S"BN(;?X$-:^)2>6"=!=( 752*(04H50'=, ]%@*7*'T'AL0*_^DHT&6I04B KU[3 MFL9[MR(?)V8H H_'>,VX:]D"XREF;J*DC,N030"4!IX1UY MF@+W]Q0@2= :4K]U%[8TK%*:A23'6/!)PAX$37M4@:=&-F3A">/8R'TJU#_- MBKH)VU+(Y;H@$$JF"+3K2QLOSPKC#TY V"DG8 MC ]NV\KD##R +K@_Z]G2^22 7'F_.K5,7 M" ^Y_3TZY4AF!AHXS;3.IOQVYDUNUDACD6&8CVT$A@!"N$4+ -+H$6H.%>)F- M,VB[QNOL[R&[L^1.*\L>X[4\8%-SU^3I%Z674L]KH.%;9!GODW4;9(,;8S$" M]RX88;9"@Y19 #QE:]N_,> JWJ1%+>NF7-' M847H.9=ZU*%R\G040]G2Z^0X3[\T6]6K!7@3NEGF9\W9LW'B)Y).T7H(9.W; MHO9R@?&\ .A5TA2! G50 MC^-?;N07KES= ?2W5E]D@W6E4#R*T0YWP,[ 2(;^#I\3&)B##,7,?# M1@^ D.E5Q@B6V612,_WO,&SAWBNUQUBI/?'L^XE? ?:TQ !2WH=>84IJ M9;.UYD UH-N4_]LA&8Y%( ![E?'KX@->,P;%SN/J^B1; 8LN2E5?R%# M#Q\+3UG+ 6;1,5M>M>W '"BY"N0;9HVH#+ @DYR 8>RPI\8D-P-+W M6=B]J;E8XV;JP.A J.7-'!W&HL-T^,T0 TX;-G[2P , X-MPW%UDY;FG !=! M^CG89'S% _,'^: W1&;\]U"T"\5DR87BYY+VY&A_V[9,ONW6T;7*0'76UQ7UF/ DI *LK&LC>T/G*C]S88NJ%L06W)NV#4 MYKIT/C4Y]#1 >^PXQW( '&KGYD"]2(4-&>, $NMN7I]#-N U M')YU@[@(\^^FFC%, MXPY]504+%*?NV: GBHMY-D.['$QJ0S[LQ"4$2 B347)G1IH*XIK-:=)P>_&L\7W4O$7'IAK4P-U; MAC?#U42[B.,DV&#="$IMH"H'&YX]F+%-RY*G..+7$N3'-4&YEW$*TNA:'_D/ MJX\,[Y@LLFJ64N&8XSN++_8DNM:=,^=[IA!=F-B"P-147UTXPAGE],4$H27& M@9(LL\:TU9-$LBR*MCE6YE*L[I;!UL1GMGQI?K7T&[CA\V +J72?!A[8R*Z2 M9*RVUCC MSRDID804#I[Z>?!93+4,# SA/?Z")?_=:%!\C("42KC X25LL)$6>& M454D]>X7I,G^.&_$TUVB W9_ST-]NG///U16E;E!%(-34.;JYT"A2;]TJ:G\ M+TI3IK# _#2B9"3,@^"ACGW4DWR^(/?*2 5(5YV)2I\>U; @ M^T@;@YF>HLE2+6R/^BKX*Y8NK>JEI6ZU+>YTS/KW#EA953'J3_CW)8)E6# . MCHJX8H=LY&''(-1 /3P)HR=K;K"_%[L#PRZB-W>;9HA\0:V.D$TCLVX[^7_G64E*:S E M%?)ABQOO!#QGV94US3X/!)@OXV:: ;+/)&EYV1KPE3>PK0H"_9GSMYN/B@SX M/]V>YVPT"D+#O1S_16P&@ _CDLA9UC$LH)HUDF-#VC_DQ5#GD*6.(*^8J".L M>%"/$\\22B#H#0<>?5 M_ 94%I;#(MF0PF)H]]X!0P7,VN",2+CZ) :_?]SEO^\^-36T M#:Z1I@)NH!ODJ9*-TE0;6)2;):WX!'-Y*^"I'B]I2/% [+A _ON 6DCO+!$+ O?#2DAC+%S=TJ]O,5I\D6(*AH+_6VVR"3)'F(-?3:QJ*LH91! M(X/9\;R F]?=G>01!E@QDFL^0C XY,8P MLV&F]AW$ !JFKS#/9O-DA-S-HT+VN\KUG)D&,?7'H8Y M*MG^^'P!_G2K2ZII^_O;T[_]_9-YB2_]EZA^[V;SZ;\-7OWN7N8OORY_TB,+ M5F&$,66(\&2#>1\9[S2OW:_^2C S?V/V[,,)_$ ?IJ?'A?OWE>L?N;8S@[^__ M8;;?1XH"DG^ _OA_9GY]Z__G7PZ^^/CI[=OMS1 &,SK][^; MM_G?=@3W!NO\_NC8ZD8CZ:&)!'[KZK)H7)?*NVS.S=XGU.A-H06G3QST(3[H M^Y!IX>8H%?XLDS.&!]0QS#22Y'B?W]^S7R!!)YH#/Y1,M1"QK05.(5X4D&OR M!LA>J9Q!&0%1M$D^ JM;SHUU5ZQ;MR5,!\2D> MO:G9!*C>2'*U9B_.NY)S*9A!Z]F2; [BSV0!%R*Z;X>2VL>:6E&/-$)BJL0 Y+:1] M[PCK"74 R)V8]XN7*"A\T(^$>F0*FJY4E0%J:I#"+1EX(#**ERK M(J(NODJ&[3K%93'+S_,5#0/Z#0^+K3"'XGV^P+ >54U'QWCA#"TWE:\Q!)'4?/RMW3/Z]ONC9RRU0D"LT=(E MU+9Q2OQ)=/XO/3K_W[,EEQ5?6']HF6>(PA $SYN !XAP4@#?1)AP;VV?&S@_%*N4'@-C>>W%2 6P@:T0ZE?EA N[!:2;C7=HJ_%G"\,F MN]*99X'5LK_WKZXB*N6D69HOSKF'82F*'G9/!)L!#GF *&D3*^/S8'8>UD-> M(E;=E2RV'34 *0?OEC";7O!$8)GE@9+P>8@^A+^/932H[7[9B783V_@\M(U; M[85YT]5T>#(296%"PFKBC."M.$M)X"OY$3VL6C8:GF]"/ S3O) M$>XM0PLB@J)AV(#[0J;Z")"JU@%I(%&B&$^ M!W#G;*UR*.KK#8S1LZ_M H M^7 FX#MCH8%U4C6/KA_UD^0$,;4\.1L\9J\ZW;>XS_M,/V2^K+W0S%2R#EH7 M55DJ4F4DAU\#;'ZW0*"U#JGJS?P&=U76Z[+(@E\)(.'MF[^=G GNC\V+:G]B M* W]X?!)\EOEJ4_O[XUG9@U.+8"! EU?HYM ?!"L "Z43$(B_1&R*\$' ?PY\97[NE'O" M9KQNC'5N+0F-7 YG% 9E3%CK1/HRM^W';4&X"_K#OB MFW&DA^8O@C.KY=,.> :/J->$B^4%58%'!"/VP&-'],_*KZ3 )?CN[/"SK8J.Z_?O_OX_A^G;TX^G;Y_ER:_OSW[V]NS+19Q M/IZ8^7C_6W+R\>/;3Q_OOY;SP]$Q.**VF ,!6X)\'430S^V1)TV3&W/QGACL M #G?]D#-9VBCF?>LZ "L5TW]"?8GZ)E(B5#&Q#G&[^,G3+$N(S(Q ME_ER98N!$HL13N.,9@BN7A#Y'%XZ&XL3D*DF6:(-FNB/-*GJMZ:&@92AKCN5 MNL>@4N>O9NXX8:Y&../Q$*:V&'*>N1,'')[ZDN4A:]O1;$YN;CLYP.P/',[? MO[+DU?#C#Z\.==N-:AHUNZ&88P^H\2!(-!X]>.:!HT5* TH.A-?C"[^OZK \ M!8=!SVK^5T&$4U_0K;J_]W'C=E6;FK6SA _7&YU0:$$(U!"]70 66[Z>I)& M8=\YREY0[L96 O,[I/U ;6G;XS3/J2;)8"]IJMT? \' MID1H9#[TT7A4A7F;5@[":M>-9PBQ,4M0;/N7/@>LB(-"38@,0O6E"F T?A]\ [N%(/Q'!E1^U ZC?5]-\B?W?P-G)I]B6P4__:GZT 0A#1@\)OU>1Q*EQW=%EE&W"%H/&SC[8SZV.,\K/6:QKW+2V+8\ MR9?OPNYO/NRN1,F 5K)DQ25486XN62):R)"20TJ:R\>Y'J"S0X$QN)-RY:R6 M9OK(/1R)448-X;WKIDA-1!E_ 0+[%W=1*>D=,#O6!+H6P'N.W%8URQXR$U&# MV$64 2CE 653Q2XY;KB[MB# M3T]?#45^7V,IZ^EC*&7M#,.SAVD8X)!%/Y#)%HRKANF81N=C;N?0W=^3=/3* MF]W!.;SV?C 4N;Y_G#W3PZ^CGO,@!:Y7G43U7;Q0_Q=\OGCI?/ MBX>Y?!I8 ?EN,=SO8GCY,!>#]="I. ;XIVFYL9YT7( FC?0E45= MCBMHY8_3 [M'K X-H#2R]K3"#>V(5"L(U> M2[Z*J* ;$U#(+2L'>&OR*;4*ARU61SL#=\>+[,>'N %>U6&?#ZT6@CD"?T^?F#I;)*@- MTH1!%%X4(8=-9Y!#GD[Q0X43E+%%1/5Q%J3QE+\ )Q%H 8X3+,=J >&C4,;(-;P-;^U9N5GB0Y=E**&%O-M%/N!I.\&=?% MB,R*X-].#LVDZE[_G7VX:_OP0$NJ8UKVQIN:CXKS#AL YN:TRC[C]JRD890V M$_*PC$DOV>X@ A&Z)=NS']CR9]4_)KE=N0"] 7@/G(["VNUZ5-PE"1"PBP'N M>(D^T.*>]N>"A1%#'X;'#^M=H_GO @X!>Q[ZO#7NY9!OZ&FC0 T>1CB[[TY3J""X$.F&^=5Y5QX3*S-78V^JXW MP ,MT 6F]GZ"&C#369-)+A_XG"XR[-J /#MZFK"JI??; M9\/^(VWB-3NT8&;+]=N3L'/R(%J.-OIP UMX=RS=\:Y\H'7/@=P4,+. ,ME((.BE[G*%%,&&=PDYA8W&\6QQ+$W!Z,(+Q=7U>PRD/N4(/!F: MW*Y)U;_5\Z240P/PTSPWSV'.EP[K$DUA9C)S1#FQ@K+[;E2TADZ+;PBR^6P' MV?Q:3-:/49,U;'VL5]/V.6*)AEMMQ"MH* ->IHG5V [&*)]>C;BU=4_-L=7W=V?#U$(,,M9:GC,0[27C5%G9&L MY/Y>V/M/N2^S^/LL=B$5Z7!>P=*912,2R1;4?FSBNMDV"S2&.L6OV[*K._-^ MO#:S)S;'9T,)]"%=P!^/CCESW;C4=>J$1I'C=6:SU5:)=. V8$F@ZVFQ7)?1 M5T1\ 5I!ZKUN:E^:\G.@JRO!EOXC@_"8M MJT^)-VI5S^K*AM5[)(OZ4X) U:P:+"AX&PKW;X;PS\KRD9R? PEA"Q:N*,?% M O!6V1S8M>5*JE8S+'?AENIHY:M,#ARS'X^X869%KA-594DO@XUDTE*W'KK( M:)]U@=H-Z!!):DZH4MADQ &@@;7K(]*X:S%N MEER!(&[,$JN.%X4DH$X*MLA( +::-:+57O&GXL 2>4%R8$37!'KWW:GS^!IGU8HA(;;QTI>6\!T; M7I6N(N*[,?XZ*QI9O3NFDT?85,N9&L=EZB YN,UH M#5G>DRFB,7OGO/']/>V.^^X!D-EQ&6[,E(S.AJ:]"YXY^PI2HH/'\&[A?KL- MP-H3SVLH-)IY@$44\\M79[6T ;0IS;F MO^ MGD[S[+;8(^OZY2:#U3G',)$>0.]>'&.PZ /OCHY^!.YP# FAT& V;(U4O'B* MN-U\6;5*38I@X=)"3/I[O,X#K&YL5XRS$M+BHYRRH@5=$/?:Y!JYQV\(D_%\ MA\GX6BS+]3$9T1QYF!1WZ- VE92B, M: '1L7*97 4CPC6,B;GI0P;V%)J M=_"%((YP,54BYJ4TLGX8L-;0 F"O4Z=&L[9%++K+&8_'+RTU(_#1N M%U+YQ;@#K&N *NY @:P9]L113@MA .^O:BZI& $*3BA$A2X%93 YQ>))%D.%DPX, M?8R9AR9V M GDAU57)AWX*BL_L7Q?S>5>2.8R[ NQ Q+ R%_+I!]_ <>+^?N,)F@/2RA2S&0Q88M"1 M7?'"@VD,Z06'B_ JW;-5 ;\MZ?>]?O^?;]^=O/OT$2SK/2OV&=M)DGT?!, S M33X(BB(U_PS@9/#&3QE/MCW!3*=$:B7#8&V"5%)43$+W+H7N7(99JZO"[-)) M-Z-5ONC* *1X3(D\!+5Y,!5]%1W!R?/S3T5&2/9D_20Y@RO^[JC\GKQ$9;E[# M80*!*67 P,V X;[*7+A..0Q'XF\6;"^\N2VDG#_USC1X1+W N10#2]W2H8 _2W. ?W_/#:AFL3WE6(QDB?/D[5_(5#C.'Z:%36,F=C#1 M3*@"+]>FU>E\@54RP]04B0 $@ A!FAMJ3[ F4"^\"54R ,-8W!YN0RN[ 0(-WNU*!M,8GH]S!QN+S_]?",.I)_SY N0RB?* ;"9Y(2W H11J0(Z]V+?J^@AT7[),)Y6*]UW@.1*G&*LX7QA>J(9% E3SF];) );=?=W&9Q]SPF]9@B5S*,K!>5^W 05(QB 764VGG'0 MP."RN!B\+T^[NA0!"4_HA\L9-;7+8^DQ%69D7%I4ATC=ZVQ2>6F)?F R\B0S>7&A2QL&3\LA VX _#U"X& ^BYUH)KK$F4TYX,\EH,ZGQ7YI6]1 M..1P"KK:L( -CNZWX3-M,(,SE5A#YN>F]M8:O>%)(%V'%7;8NXY>,L80.8O\ MU6:G7^ZRT[=.-*,P5[!R_C:K1L9RNOYSRA4*+- 62JVO82,^V1#[>\$UX'MP MF.7SQ2R+(0I)/&SP$ V/-GO^81XAW+1D#G$#A..XAD JDJ03*RC7H/U/XHGJ/=AV?8>.9WM1Z(VD&V4+QQ[4[H#PKPHWB M-"PY6NL5XO+DQ&DQ?8 3?((4/#PVI\[D3' X&R$TT%S7 1;L;7DJHF8_>MEX M,@^.T^&VE/N/*PE0\#NFJX(3C)\0PX]?322?SW MXNO>$@PI5D?1T4(V;L7Y M!'2'EWGL;8N!^#.5W&^0",53'Y)9F"N=0FS:2P(C/GM]M_6Z:"UUZ4W 20YZ3\.R:CV\]F0:Y.L V(L\ MM@=D+>6! \D;.:"N #YRO&$47M1ZV,\ZWL9BNT_( I#*R+O'V0,5($U,1U;6DI^K//UAO2QR[U8G6(56JXW:#3 M%$XR]B_4G?;W]*W66E%K,FO_B2"EB0 PY1QL>BZ*3P^VBTS4S*8]S5XEI,"Q:3@%]Y[)$.4]A8UIC?F M36"%!NJ)?K72'8?*D 6X")O:Q3(58YH!Z8'L /A7M8WP8E ^M&L8K M C?CE?3"0-'SR"0$>S&^=Y&&: :=51-*\V"&M:NI7%)D(Q!U&="9PPVUA>/X MHR]=K81 9Z+I^W04JW2L^ :Z*A63H@0$!TI@Y5?"9&@) VQ^*%J * Y MAUOXOF..2;7^5HKN#EH8N.I67-B"L!KZ0IZ[T:CGQ4T_AFUZ_^'E"RI;*B31 MB>L5.2$@Q%:*ED$H";"8:E9,,/V!KP1\\AP.'/F)FP[(.1H'','F!9H3&;MC MFJZ^+"[1^ZAJFP+* 0BBJH-OBZFG7S49$E!]PIZ0%O7!JJ)20[Y=>H!=^\ M/?M$7/V&%T;=^( @F=* M-H"J!)J&?I7P>,!_P?M#'PIR2I..70N(83L !$QAPT-$6CH\T33E-L>\D21? M1XTPV5\(>4#@ [6.I/M[L_R2(K.Y.2:@J21K&C.M_,QU $JF4L0 BXF)$5$PF. MS(U5]97LSL)87( -@V\]FA1.=]CL+PQCJ)M-D="*B2I*N88W3/0*\#-UU9U? M\)@5#YVR#VB'L3I_D"5Z?N#._[>ZJF?M-,4 SN7^'I XV/(\/3O:&W!EK+&A M>3WXBY4^K7D_J$281@FWU2#HAI@F2$!T,VY_LPU#^(ZS)#+6VYK9@Z7H7G,% M%(@BT/G%1D1(3=83V_U)/C0C/R9SXV5*$837L[&@K:U01I@" !U RR1.P[+%]SP'74V@4G78Y OW\&TX2?ZTT').U73*S9JM&9Y5D\ M[$']"P3OZ^4A9Y%;&Q2($#D=;)7P%**%YH/BF"1?94F$^\K-2J.J MY;/J*J6D;Q7XS5X "[2+2_H$TH4J \P&[2#CDPRDYC(XNL@I M,7Y[-2] =IBEN@A"X[0@\O(\.Z?J^ZAKBA*V+,2$KIL@PP;[K 3[9&R/V7=% M VJYY!0L;\XB*;]"*6JIY# M2C24U5D_"% 4V>>"6(@RUI=E7G=7!0+M(A8R"L8 I$2)FF MG!4L "& Q=%FW_7++)Q_E-97=69L7W/CKXSW_GY M/^!SO\ &+ZH=Q_XC5':!Q0-&O ?DP,VQFC'L/\(Y4* P,4+'@UCLN1(+"B3C*>$ %T>[7E,EIM?:35T0> M! 2:D_H8D #IRYSC.SO^N+1P"- P'Q6E[40Q@>Z\28R92A,3;IG_]PS^W_-# M@LB^.+P+@? &.[0MXU[MKY8?,A%*$L5ST6JHD1T8+_R#X5K^]B4 M>>>)HB[YMIU5?:D0G .WK^ 1DGD^'ZDI"Z8[ZT^NGY/$+ZF1I&H #?)5D*>LFCI\WYY54,0[A^6_2>\-LS8]MA]*\X9A\2FZ,G XBL ')M*5S7V M:/[5_A0^PLZ;^,8J=$-M#>DNR'E\:7$I^I$N2QA1 WL1@W'K[ E :+5-":=3*IQM@V"CX^HVM[%1L&0PI^7G#+-NL&639V46/A#]$172@"ZM1R M3*0^-C7"YQ&L4 ^.9R5M:+SR+)2BLPVQ-FXCQ9"L]7 FW$[BNJ1TDRRNODD^ M+Z5#5/I5/>EA2D%B]Y5TJO+GB'+( K[#ONRBD9UU5P; M"EU9CJ=^G'O?8@QFZHD._G^?$9'EY/]\:9O4C0;Q/?5O88.1](NRKDW#5.1O MJ!MYZ]23M+8&NM*Y:'W\-,1(F2T_L7304[-\S4*!=L@DE+?*B:7 Z9(L] TU2:!/ "GS4A%E@*6RLVKITN3'J%0T9%# %2-3K.HP2',Q\ "JH 7, DAX[3.+T M>@NH]UKW]Z[Q7MU[))P OF5GGQLY'!L-6!_UNL+ L2?D./JG>JU 1/0;Z(^L MQ:<>'WWWOP2="J/IKS'_4OM[JR_V_\C%@L'"FY]$EU^P&0'H?D 9":/@ *H^?FK+83^N"N$WJP0*G8TL_L7MR 7]' G@RIW?'G2 MTER[)A'XKRJ,T4CVAU?)SZ>6GS)-+#'EJ1!3ZH7K"-KV]\I*$P1#CU)3Y7QT M6 6GP.FF!U1 TE1M78LI;515D?8SF$/LK;G!?#PQ(1F39CIP+KLD&MJ*O$IV M4,'.A9YN:D2T7\AF:I;+F2._"'0U5;L/T159] 8TB; ?[8D_IX5,>3A%A(0/V((\6>&;A*0B'"'\6N9 M@^W$#F\C],*.5W@#]N"0YS1D+M0'*DK,11+57IG 6#EJI9R."C4E MD7F':'Q8OBI [_ M^H?#(7Y1MN1*AIB?USB$3)%JS;LEQ55;27O5,&-M M1A0 8YS_[INN_/A?A4 MY3KFT@D/U]A(,TX:Y$=6]EYG0M.$ Y8K6-R]D4HFWKXQ"!*9'@K>&GXI-!+$ MV[3B/9*XL7#77]&V(MN(=8 )RWRP9OG:Z\5;[1J ^$.FO9&13EC86I&S>C=G M(B\E58_K6^>)0[XIMOLBFNSSS_:AX>L?A49"%&6#2CW;U0$\W8X0X-G;-V]_ M__#I]/V[_;WWOR4?W[[^X^STT^G;CVN& IBIIXLR;)[Y#7\YC U1?B--[FRZ3*A_A9RWC/N-$O/),"]/9A M_-Y* _6_3N\[L7C,PF1O9[:2N;]WAK/U*GEGQ2K8%FRM)I#+\ ++A:X7##;, M&-DWGU]2!QKQ("6_5I"+/LN;:M:YUBNS%8>S_=0=(T1Q+#YRX\7PQ'B9R9A! M-=3 -Y%.+HY=AAXZRC:N]DF,YD1?G0X&*#08IW]_+TL:\\/,H1@/H]0T]GR7 MMG1SGE 6*K>AE$,(?I &LS M/E]P_[1/NFF=CM#5TUX&I3]H21&1'T'*;5+)7M@ *#%$"J#/H*4R TLA8-. MLI6#B]-V4:H ^FPU 1+\; MJN'!Y .V^/E!D8T M=>"6U3$2P-MQ&K"CIC;+N>H@7 "J&BMU*)=&GQV44S-F39LA=ZD%E_ QE[ -Y.LZ*F\@DHK)O'(*MK6:W$X/DJ*AA?#J3KE;3+PNF^\)MR;IAJ ME-C?FV57>(*[JS1M-?[L]'7,']5U5:6Y+T[FDH9=:=\C=HH[*Q>+87U^-56- MAE5/8!2 KY@]5 G,)CE@]N]A$C%H)I]W VU%6+1=9VMC]C+9P%P>W)&Q!"*G;5A+/0?AXV]B0(=4W8&9( T3SPN:;3 KE[C MQF(.'HR=^#(RK/5G/1*#\,GD54T;;TE&U#)X7?+MM@/R]0_YF%2.$B91"B:^ MI0%?)#KY".N ==4 E)4B*S\"UN'[FF6KKY7&3V:! 9XN+1GD%!*R--4,/QO-]2YS:4F; (E3T5C*" ? -QO]Y3 ]Z8#T!QNM;#4K8) M?JL#J#"D I6GEL%X3DP^/;#F%^, ]L%\!J9_5 '!,!2YZJ=TM+,.3 MF:!2FNA:)+8Z=GR&\SRN"091HSN"ZT?1/A_LW!T]V"/LG _6P0?HGT RZ!Y])K M%);Q@ GN, ]BX@-?P :VA1 MW!AWI]+=KO/O'^ ZMT@;OQ*-RQ_\^,]8)NW8":+>C 6#=8CV?OG'J\[!++;Z5[:S4T1JL+8PA38NXX73DO]51/[>&&>+ MOL#E%\ NM.8VI6UO4+4(O!NWN1)&W95A-*8#SC6B\>)J-%^-SSNSDL8PO1-J M#KZL/M,L8-," GVFKF^9YX9J^/[0N0ON,)694ZU;MN2) 6$K MB/*\;,(J*-&)T97)[CK1/6E[X!9=MXOLFP,9(-O]"ANI8SH!A[#!!TC#QFKW M -1H?)DW>C )6^ZY?Q>+\""=K8/GML MLGO STD.K%#9 .ZE!ZO0( _J#X1K7QHW?:(DDA 'B_@0[M[NU_(=05UH).X3 ME_X"J\R,M/7+S!0B;JG8_"O@ETC*D"NSQS\='279D_F3Y ^]]]5_3EYC4ZO M^>YAPC*#/6QAWUI-^&'MBK) _%IX 8CS+"[IA5 OWH MU57I? 34!\X7P">0\K%_*L-O.)$KJF)VSQYR'FNB MM5#2&*S5M03V "ETKD\(EMY:KGZ_P80A*DUP>L5QG^YFP#_?ZVY"Y]5A1J#I M1&MB.DZ5_O N.-HMF'O.N->N!" M6'&-726BV>%DQ3=9MN$* P$\$7$Z'M% _ZM\V'Z RS-9E$Y!L#?@;$!@ M[>#2,VA(M-!)WL4: _.]:DF)=IHM#XEPMYCT.*8P62\_G+&GZ8QXZ6TQZZPZ MP+)PITZ4ECQ.[/V?SR^Y;\RN^ ^6N9F:Q)1)7] L&*=]Q@!_FK4 M716%9J ]7!M=VA:#1GGFU,2>)'\LX&7;1%RLLKO P8L,5^@)Q,%SO6ZN%'YA.:',S["W@9:[UU!V+4A=2B0BLQDS M/TW=P(R+;ZX64A 4#;.CKX3^2:Y!%J ?V$60LH15+-' (QP@8D7A8Q B6P1L MQI$5OXKQC+L/1A(J\SZQ>D-G2)97F__"&J"ATGH@ +;PE[CT))[H0:LPL_G#E)/:ZHHXMF1]9G_#-KL2%;U>$V@^1 MURJ;W1JK.&QY@W?RY.OM WSZ&(IMUYK.>_ C/11[4Y&Y1F_'G0Z">)\"5Y+N M'@X0-'!JAN)[?.H20=$"3VKO+'*=>N'VE+( \459-GL Q? .1ZW0ZMG$/@R_$=\ XU_J MAQ#OZPFRNI-F0@ A%$6*06,/5V R^:(*GSZ?4UP M19FW-ON+=ZPO]%GH7E'Y$+)&'CR-3@'ZMQ20,? 6^NX93 M/5E3$ WO68+F7I\I%J\;13D7V%9%(#P@0($O#:N600E:-H^M MCUNR->'*9ZK1?D>A8FKMH9-7*B$\ D=TQWY+:3^/[Z6^>MZM1+VX8$'!)V/^SBV-W5 MU56GSLMSGF?CU;O#O75PA#[Z+CE"SZ(\4\"C>: *DUI%@N$X#F&FBAQ3)4+4 MV752QFS5FG3LQFR0ZV#\L"P)'I>5-SNR Y U MCY+\9?"X:)#&YU>CW.)1'EPLOF_7+#$73M%^6.5-6$"M+;B9 OZ^\55A;WB7\B=J:KX^MXKS/I=!VZ/F.CV5/()@EGCN7@% 5H"U['/"^@Q(^!,V[!A*!GP1$%?66MSH[Y$2-/$94R0+==1*"7, MZ%#ZR/ZS]:&$1"U OG96FZ$&&E(0+X(0Y&'Q1"Q/8^R,QXWGO7,)M@*JH^Z3 M%[ (=)*7(U=C'=^,ENJKSLF=(,$9N'3(*:,.S?4$ (<>W\XN1\F];NSV2A3C MKNI;=OI)".S@1BWM(B1"_4Y)PH7BLE:Z-%A -K=3UNT,Z212PTL$%] -&86JKF5^>ML9WMSP^=Q 4; ;7 MV"\LRG'[0!23=,"@Y,C$Z76KGDM1>NX(L9,8T1-RAE,EX$Z;? >9*)>*ZK"X MMY2+VMM_M3\X'1R^W,\&AWO9RZ/W^X>#P[-,?;YD8+=Q8.UP@HH7'!Q'YB^R MK/Q'FQWQDFZR?4H+[WDR]Z* ICY>S['V+H0]V0VS$NHIG!FR@^&G.U*"QK@. M'%$?#0W""X5BE0^2%87KQ.1D!+G)%.-AFXXK'-/&>K=UNI6-FO&XF- ./+=L M ?E^/F ML\U*JP3CP>^168790/N 4>DUZ X)_GU-IE3._4!4M?Q23H85.2H>%L(A#G"5)*I0N%1NM!LW M-U*+"-Y_4MT6;D0KS)T$SEI_I1&('4%/_EEU+ 4-##A;2D4PS&?$.0C !.F& MC>2#>F1%,+B14"LE34#DI^UL[V)3EHL@>I3.IRMRFI,2^=XJA75)J?O^%DBL M #,/7/I=HPVH)D)MU8W'A_)5#A59 J"C3]Z M'+INJ6$'R0( E/-E^FF>]G7[FEHEY%\UGE*3%EXX(6+O[JJNK6>T5S^YM MB6+WH43Q=24*65?6ZE"W]:[=4Y&#>^JL7NPP!]^.5*^=W_-U3D\(#//KVL:5 MA?'8JB0;((@H5W2[%L8_Z_=T=SC7\+WD"V[#R;UIR'EM)W?G]IQ FCU9V..#RPVMVS5^FCK['L4?/8TS#[]".@D- MDCKD-S :?'YL'W>G'-X#/G_0C[YGC]/.2>'-:[I$M MZFS_$Y 7.E;GD=T:;&XI_"(A4*@$ QJ+PI ?OA%[-R,>5N2S52+TILVW';MGP+#IV M(!)S8?!V;?\ZGW/D(+=%R!8N2" (WT_&=)L_/O%#0J;+YF01VZP/04"(MD BSS0U.>/!IT[+!49GX MA1GD)]N_T7D'1'9M> !,EX*L#P)P=37MXY*WZ8[6 U5_B51:JOZU1_6OG/ 1P:?P%+^8>^!G_T"I*ZS^'SF_-"=& MJ5Y5\3"N-80"?(G2A+?92_+@YAXV%-X[+KR,'3QH.*)YX)')SSL&%WAC3&3H M0)KM\$,YFH'SHY B?A^YS4$IYX)!")L;:1H_2SZ!6 \A$NMZ?R^ERPT>]USZ M6ATR13^!8TFS*AF-ZR 4EFVA Z$:HPW0%*3KH7 ME? W='@*_$A04>G;?)ODHJ6WP/ D78\5 Z\7E1_Y7U"C#;%U6= MB*-W>D7?Q.)!.SSLH,&03MVAV:W-J"KB'E 0'G\/ S0& FW$2 ?F7/+336O% 22S:K,$*+I 7BS 99Y (H[S3S*9Z;14*N]\KV8!4_U M&58&UWRPMM2E;_&0,/UQ95%O8I1WOCNC'!NA;V10LIO;$]QM4I_9W%#;\+LW M)UF7-?&>25N6V)9TRA(^&),?5JXUKKXLW\S="/W$IJ[9$[%%8MDC-5N>4(TE MP;[H*.19 8HS&*W[D7 EYG;?P2/@EX/]KC?'P_'Y\TF\'C8"B8$3(X3)+#7M M7:M6;1Y&_8P($D)B3R8 P29DS:\6+$;22G (\PC_LQOCHN#CQWT??.ZS/2;H MN7_;G@+A_CS$[83CZ55 2P"C1HA7.VV:D9S4I*W!V!6/()F029L;#M)#B')% M]B\#Z#_LOY]/M/4TZ!-)0V+4FE*PM@RF"\+22?:I:L92E P7B5D#(B47\*]9V4:S*9I.X:I(6GD+&DCE#HCA##F6)[-RX M;:.'I?SSZ;)^6^>)6-L2L5(N_ >$R7Q1[W.XW]W2K SXHH3F];\5.$OV#@&*P 8G M_Z _:V:E&+K2Z;6;NY [Y9_D M@7T:A?@6N1EXF)KN >. M2NK%=,-:*'A$;&OM[*JU@EV8QK(27I+I-Y-U;_OJGOP,M>_;[*M3VVZ)3(V& MIA% 1WI0S\T1@U0^"7BX2&HBN!" %T&#J'] BG:V4+@JE"5-*:1V5W&^^ED MA3ND;^V*IF]2A02SQUH (NP? '(ZIRR^-%Y*MU$N21ZNH1_I";-3H@SC%..8 MM7C=!\QWH1Q;F#U/8[>"7E)+/$\LRG9=)CVZ L-]'>>I+&I$\70@'I ! ,I M:45SA>&C;89A5B Z_)!O5Y/H"2@@>LGJ+BE2%[ GNIPEI:S2LMI:Z:#ULGR^ M7Q/)Y\G^\>"?;TUTEPW.LK/7^]G1\=G!T6%V]"I[??1F;__D=!TDG[M?JT)S M.\[O2:D,6" $?K:5'O7".>G(N2N2%Y1B(90(&!9/M1N&8 ,I+0T/8) M,+2 3^2BH'M$#':0Y@_D'X.(W(]2DKD63LV%TI!.U9U3=Z(5.17=QX]:O\YK M4*(L\4K$YB0XP, BF&*2!W*96ZW 4(-Y--,6OP*YKG9N0!)7F MIEN4/9*S29Z" Z)O^?UO5CQX%QG'8%F88+[[E3)V\?ZR9E,1E7 MDHP7L1; RX+#R1_OL*"IA^SS#P.49'5J'%AD(3+=R!F)GMX*C?"26\8HX/TZ M)#NP-^$\F+V+O@46; M^U6\%>E5:-T>]Y_=6&TB- CV['" MY!V=*\NA][:R_41HQQ*1G;[ T2394!MM?=2L#/P[Z\TY2B2K M'_RY2)B_NT8-[3+AV9\H!JU>TK'EYX9I LJ273Z =?9 M2LZ>^SD(AZC3VSY%K*CB_HP9K?5BO$;DEJ?%'\N;./*R^"Q>I""9):+U 2.\EO^,1&5%O9.Q*IXM=N%U>0?Y_XR8OP@*54 MN(4L=9ZJP765)I_W'E-O*4PP1+$AL5F!,$&8H6BR'F! 3#1*Z*9^XG6O6/E( MY%ZNE6[#MHFI>4KK.3B %^X5J>"!%P%UF564XU>*)+>'P/>%&K@GO /C27DY&Q=@MF%!T@:T&HL\2$LE9I7K/&Q=\(H6:H#= M3K+YH-LK\T,D9YRI%]WM2:^OI6UD0\W\S6TM*N_7X'Z]= HORO7I7%[23%E5 M;]J*8J:H.DJ>HV>%7/4LL*6\$";4\^/,&BRJ>04%-B3EX2W2"WCSCB:5>4_F M^0[ -T;9&GQ.' .C4^X%M\C?3XX/]D7>PP\ M\J8>SU/56!$/";1'1+YL!HB#*?8:$#5B(//XVN=4 B*Q!PIX+G)Q/>-]YZ-@%/(+C-#>D271["I4Y5[ ^P,-,Y7]G\-\UH"0]C K'4+P$1T+R7,^NSFE-H9$H)[" 6VIH4:%;XWZ8 MT >B;';#=H>@IU)/A^J$NS#_VEI P%Z.7BP1]O;VPZ+J#A; #"I(.&ENVMU55S2 MMC!K="1U?346X@*YK(RG8WQO][F.%?::X>S4_%-N[/0Y=+4,1HV9/_C(;UWE M"[GKRV7, 0(OU6XS1>:-_6]P6O&6,B>6":8U+YM5!@Y?H[P]_3R(4@!X+3 LPZPH:9WP09,( I$W5 M_@5Z2\8)!6S/S.);9G0RE UMAZ$#2NAF6H;@0'CNQ@ M.1T5>S]Z5V8T,@"+%*=29@.-7S5@'=TQ1_>QUDE^C:X9;#+.8%Y5[4S4VZO) M"' 9N__CEX/F_[Z^)^NW!1'W36/30#/_L (VE3E$@1=P8F;$ M0LN^1+0]U#,\NF9'.DXROP7$>_Y--:F'O>-A;[FT@\.;5"WHW[2W_3DL">I3 M%_I0VVK^]+_^1GW(]A^DA9P>UBTV^6+ XOE(/L=&9G 82.?OCLFH\0# Z[ MXLULF*D]A(WR?'!\_.;HO5E O_@'Z_/S(,^ M\1]4?>[N^$@_]%T]\/,7\V=Z9,&;2O )=-$!+-[D_PL?G2,4V'WT!4Y#\QA_ MW\;_7'/7_]+^ IE&LS4_9X.M['0ZN_IXX?? W]DL?L44'II(Z5GJ0>[30YQ! MY]BS[.6'JKPPT41MO!X@ 6$Z!KV7A9: SKV[=": :M?__E@#_QSV, M'PZ4]1\H?QZ\>6OF].SH,#L[>7=ZEF>'>*@,WF2#T].CEP?X%]8.;8__PW'S M'1TW!R9PS-[.ZN;_[NLYHY_@/HV>#YA!VU804T^S]Q F PP"TVGW^H3YXY UV_] M]O[\XX _O3TY_&?P M]O>#DP\G9__XX #'X+A^3\_#/[Q0YID\;/+.+FXK%X=Y\4L2G]X$W0[ M\/Y!G%5Q\>:WPZ,_U,/7R:2Z?/7+]GZ2_1!$:7*1P0#QM/J!/G.J'IM%Q462 M/:OR^:OG\^IU(#^/\JK*9_RK:9Y5S\KD?^)7.^;G:31+TIM7Y\DL+H/C^#HX MRV CWXW_\4. D?WCSV]LW@R^7R2BI_B,;E?/7L.K@MY_>OOGMIU- D.\RE2B;X('?ZS=A M^7\FZ2S)+BI8]'FQ**LP.*8MB-*@7Y;Y.*&?PE6G\RUIQ)K=;T=OHI(G%L V=%_L_!L,X2_(B.,XK>&&RB(,7SU_\NJ&]V=_>_;EY2KL[&YO2 M_O/GS5/:V]B4?MUOGM+^7M,UMSZ'I.1-L#:_']XP \-1?N//.@NT6?/+[>>K M1L1/CO)B$A?J-SO;S^&QH,S39!+\VW/ZO]?,PU_L_.A\_B?Y_OTRD'='9\/S M;F?XZ?3TP^#CX/B\_R$X.CZ$?WPZ&VR"D3+;.(RJ>!( \\BGP6$\CF>CN."] MV@_QUNYMC)M4>5!=(C.[[UVIG\H],]%;'\M?ZUZB> =%#'YQH'X1T/_[;1Z4 MU4T:NX )I7L2OHO0ZNBE!Y?OMISE^Y/U9,#SZ M7[#(W1_4N*0VOOJW7^G_?@C^/#H\?_^/'W: 6>MS.@#:&)P]6,71(J/S_ML/ M@^#D77!P E,^/A\VTO-7$ P>"7_D8/#AP_"T?W!T_/L_?GC^ _U\VC\\5#\[ M&_GVY.QP &V^B M 7_V@9^KLW&YHVFIW MFZW]LK;K_>#H]_?G__CA%^ SO>(063PC '=%9G _Z\EL]@Z_4,SW75[,4-4GN_OA7-BO)XN_\M$Q^QW.XW$2 MI ;X?S'@6@$ >D(H,&_(#8[Z]_U^/9[!W> M5>RW/\L7&;PZC(LD+E\'YW$Q>T"W]^O)XZ]\A"_$?,GR69)%#\V >;)@EIW= M+E^_R2216!HI0*^#LWB^*,:78, 5C. +;+)T^D] MDM/;9V46^& A/091-@L.DA&M87#P@+\+302X]R) ,DI.Y7."S>!+/Z(>_ MU!W^*Y\@VR2GHL-JSUZPF*- *IO& 3GKW[\H' M+&[]!\SEC\%Q'X/H&%D]&WP G\VLXOV!?>9/ *$+5*"\>E/WZ]=&TO^"AZ4NW+UDIT[B(LS$\ MFV0/-B/E&QSE(]6 W*XKO.*FBM Q&-U2_ M=I#/YE%V\W2*#_L4@Y^US1D#[XQ&29I4-\%!&BW*AZ3Z/!U>R^&QV3F83N%7 MZ.MY'T B/ M'Y([[RYG"0__1%64WZB,E[[^**LR[UJ4J:LZ7_QH:_[W6HCIP+3T[T**SG"J M((1P,WY/\Y'D1FZ ! ZM.CX)A%-VG[ &ZH)[[\=;"FT%;Q(THYN@9RH,)BLA M+;;^X]]V]GY^_=NG-^^2HJRZG>%B/D_C& 3%!=RA^ MMHA1)PF#'/\-OX@R5E**N)RC&@HO1@%Z8I+Q(HU@?*HOP8E-XE$%/XX715+! MKT( /T4 8MAH%P\%% -K6]@:G?"\UD77@I57 G+ECBS05];( MVW=!COFJ6S"(QI=TVK!?%T4,?X3I3O,TS:_QOP7M]2C.XFE"%@H=.9,.T4C, MMHIZ,OY_"U@^_@;VDNP7]]W@?9Y.XJ)4/U*&V:LEJW[YG:[^G^\'9X/^D&^Y MY?((+B/$D$IA.Q;595[ B!->=/P%*%_GF$_B-+F*BQM Q?4NOL^FZ#Y:$+YJ4P*H5)\OP 2C L//#,UAXBHN,B4D M$C LEX+6N7R&?B55VA83XU%J.'/=C@::\X>!7[4-LP0;KC;*7FT4VAD>: FB MFS_0?FT@%C7CQ6R!\!)7,9 *R39\T>Q"*#^KY:@+V^V8R7E"IC;AG*]+A467 M D %\K"TR3G1S\VB&V0F MI,L1KT#FPO2JI,"45!$4)@N0I/ 5W/A\404917/P(@C%C_,,6%;%G/-&),)K M=)MH9H3>D7% 8TE1 EB(\^@.\C,7@^(FJ8,$GI:)LPO;#HC7PG6 MZHG9^6 "0G1[(]1W?/)GB$@ 9X-W)VR RT7[NXI\+\#9/D()6RM M%= @]_ MM555)*,%AQL.XU'EDV%8#W"!REVJ>LE4UTM6IEXR#***/7SB99_$J/D*6! M3_!%F* &!2P+3SHNP%Y6+T+UD"^=K ";:LZ&3$6##DN4\*GOH(_4+)!-VP M.( SW)T6#K=M!]6275HHK-='$)^N.45P6KG"P*,IAH!W "^!,: MEU2PRULP0GL9M]3L"?[&WD'_H+?AUK'_45 :D)CY-9YHPBXQ(%6*O]W8>TU8 M#NQ5NU%.MBB8P\ZDU4TH#ER')-@$'\7L0= D'VPE%J6YKUA$$I7E8J;,1KD\ M9A)3XB@8^^8O\RK$V:S>@%&V8!MX;;3F^A=YDE%:YFKKV/,P4Y1!KZA5 J^0 M-] "5R_@-A;D!T%7^'6^2">T[":R6V08V['F#!>SQ,!2IEV'UMIHO7(V57UY M/;FZ2?N.ZFW,U,4WV[E)UML:\E\J:?A&2,;Y0Y XWPVBPN"!L8O41DL M;LH_\^)SJ/^E CGS-!H3!U+,9/5$U% :(U()N:VHJ+R\?C14'%P(K'"AO1 MKK!7@2/U)R2F QB ]071 2R9)1)^IHL]Q9CLT1:OB709!6((J MR7NZ1;P@8@=SMY.4VKGJ.LAWMR:]K5VM'0R^C/F@^N.J9]\ )])6'FS "7^?)U&:0)T/I$\#CH M7.&LZ(J^!@5QU_HJ'N-B-HOTEV'CK,-">8 -'53&?CD)J3=U"T;6C/XU_^UH)@C8&!Q*6=%\;I/\11\NL,K%=# M$U:4X6P!BD7PV[N3XW/M5;@$Y>M9.0 [O_V$C[WA^. W, M\VO6D1J(Y ]Z)AA>1@63*&^I^VN*KQNFOW2(B$(0XQ2#/BA@0XL>\*=8EDKL M6/X9(I\#U9?Y,D\[X%F#!JR/.%N@ 4G!$?J6$Z,/@TMXX2HN,(;%@@NH_(M0 M>:3(S.A9(U0,0;1/K)0R0Q P T MRB156AA_O]NQ)D5" LTU@Q? 4_A=?+*3%2\N]\[5>I?6@$@_/XLS06.(B*) 5X\MX M L,'.[N'P+SXE&!O,.L 99K\N=?R-?[8C29/F]U>)W4214/B*D^O,$E!TY"* M1'8[ZB,PZ3%5VP6:P Z 88#2C MV";^V_O\4M9E?W5>)+E$4=V/AIYAM)R?+BJ 7CSVMM:S1%!\-% 9S>X&Y%A6^IK7O MU 6!BC]%P0L7*96=N,0CI+UJ_I"2,&YYRC+! =K(89;3)SI%8#&6U-!JA?))N9J;6HS# U$> M.0O_5C?,^,OX1(KXT4;L7CQ%[+YB-]^0[W0%IPU\1NN2WU:;XJK-1OCK%3-9 M5Z%K$)7SB/Q]8Y-QS5?#&\ B\VYG33;NJ,JL( #4ELC-G OX!1E)-$:3^8P4F/?LH2/)MA13Q2 MJ^Z.SSL2$[_F1=D6T^Z^ 2"M29:4 M>.YNE^.3FLC:CW+U$"VQ,T55("$9SG+O3)I /^BR!=SY:\NG8(. MWQ:7_'6I_J" AL6X4>Q7-SJZHP219OTM\CU@'54 &N 4_,W"9O%=E\8R A M GW1 M)^@U^9NM^51B&5X^R]]AZ74\_[7R*/QH5SUZ0DGD#1T$0)VBHHTSTE9*_NK] MU\":+4GC" X+9-*L%A.R_A:\E2C **J$3W+?9:7*-C1>F5=#U/?O&%32MXI+^.X4HD[2-F@#L17>*S3/*\R MJH(2S:#;V5(AJ GF=7N)F>9C&-TP( J_T+F0 M9/CI>/N/C4[V2A*\= >!.QS+_F/(=UTVK[]D4M*[I!I?UFB0?JN4J1!F.M[6 M\D4+UG*3\T8Y4)OV!=C/!:>BJ+"IY'22$PX8/_"5E&W*NI B4X T!#4_/94('#D5 M30*Z"?V=JEP*T&:L/#J=;UY03O!U-#?^H#+84BX^NM[3Y O[WZ9I'BD?%_]% M_0+_B$]1IIP]\M@=F)BD^T">.OZQTLH;8Q^Z]3I%M0JT;?EG!FO!M!""0LB ML-SA2PDU6A\LDO+S:Y-$L/8W!"ZHPF.(+B+,"X7U+\;50G8 X&3CC&) MA_R<>U_S(?L(FS[:[:#[CQT -R;G12\=TTQ!/=9SVJ"QAWQP!.($4WS7HW)9 M=Y[99E^WX]E]B36N3_7HQ1[E19%?8]ETGL4W*S/^G.$:WH\QT 2F#_E1,_;# MC, +[%D8\2 K2E,J4)@K8FCM1(MMHMV+]S=["U4WRN'22 M_='U#)_&*:GA$X3!D> ]?SW/4@Z;:2N8G?C.]S: V;8,^NZN2FX;;N$&5Z -/D*+N" R 7^N]% M-*G7A$:!!*=A)2O9S-NW;Y\I]H) AM%N^Z'/N;Y1'O4VKX7K/$Y>R#OJW??AN%_ M1+/YZU,UL6[G+C.307J8@,5\6V=TL@/3&C0QQWN!QQN,BQ@DN1J8]"_\)/HS M);S.!FF 1:F@# 9)5S7Y"KGS*KQ+, 14'GPG7PE29S)P1MY5+=H-L&/ /-_9#XX*DZ0K8*+];%+ Q_XK*J(9 MOT+_K#W?[3"\/ K;_\POL^"_BANP3K+H,Z/AH0(82>E X^YX#%J M?$[B F.TZ7)544BRB'%/&?"HYU89=#OUI*F$$EXY%5,J/_68J.1Y%9OB3))D M25(I@:7 NG$E_!;EB-E>)SW!IDB&Y6@2%XVA87^7,/\R,D/VW-01)PD)J6.3 MDML64#4J= D4\1N>S> EGVME90BWY#*Z\ BIP2E#B33:70 M3>!^I?E W=CE/' M5JM\8WN)2G]UO6^CFXW1DVFS:^GII%B%ZMXI9!'B*[PB7)]R3-8R.-C!EY25 M2OBR7I3YLK"D7X6*@PN5A&*Z/ T>++IR$_G;N0@_CU AF)6W#9.X'!?)B&6EJJ[5WV@I34"N7JYDZ*H)!*B'/+\9 MPCX1S;"=1C'*R@)&R!F-":,K0#)$L,:7O!$G@@(1:Y?!G&.& .O[Z#':U2"CGT-'ETWP ;!DN3)S/I>)525FM^ MD1'P$[HO01M,QD!JZLO%!:C!_T./*Q!V!P+OM1;VMER\:L8# $- A!"#) M1 IS3)X M'%*;D2"#OHZE;!:(#'V1P(ZN # C_G= M[BLZD^+&ADP\Y[J\;@=LSR2'ZW[DH'#Y@R3*@8;WB0Z]D>9;MVCI) *> _N/ M6;A2:H&4]H6Z%)>Z8BJ9,\D7HRKTW$_J(A-()"'&9>CX1S@XGR2['14RL]IT M,2A_+W2(0.2;&VA3 &7,8>4#H)47 MSV"H9QRT*B0PH>(3#"N\T;B**"!UA'+)19!\9YV'CJA'[*&RD@W44Q@W"A]8 MX*CQYBAT""_'U0KBCNW6HI2\!T^9Y+6QBG.H/V')C#@JR&!7'4/)V 8MH5.F.O#H"ID^;&:,/G^"4=Q(U3\56@ MX%.(B:'8=07II%+LI&,1>,L H$GS7O8:G=;*3 B:N-]=VYA7*Z/&_L-FDS&USF>4%8+C>XR%KN1W/N M+6BP\8QA#"@CQ*X^]8NPET55NAVO1]5-$J MBMTXVJE )O7>JYW]8+X]V[8@?@^0W="U)*P]>H[# MC F#O=&.D=[\:7NX'5R@W,I(5_2P$. RPU@W#LXX0*E M1PR:*BBDPQMX>X;0H])P\S*!-VU09@R:CV,-_>*3R(@46LP :@R%3^/7([$/.E*FG;*6/AL4:N]I\B5U\7N3+F MGH 1'$_\IS&R>I^L DE0),2DM0 M$D(PS0+= N$J*U 6=6( ML-O!L; M/P^B%MU9:ZV@_P#+:5L]QRJ\Y8LRZ#K'](ITGC=/AB(!(;%T1HXTDU0Q/',_ M:K3NL!V/X,CO;M_]6TQH.7O#NCP>&*T$BA*(\;[\$XF"Z_5N%M6^D.=QDO"% MT,*S?:TH&IH&\VBS=1%*O#2.80,V+YM$FX*Y%@'@EX&[WVGZUN'>_@S6/FAD MY; ND8?H>A 66>,]2C;JEW4TG/I?G4[C1NV%7_!=EDE6\:$VXEFCKPG "*(P$7MP'IK M\>WILB/0\V;/-:E5\:1-E=JD*]$-TS4CQ;&E0:V?I"I 7+I1D2;2["URR@?0 MG 1\("P&YT57UC*SG5T"4/[RI+G_["=YXPUW+&/D>5U[*[J=1 MK KV[E% M(R\/,=&"?J0I&:06^* 65T 4E[)N^/0SU*4MLQ)QT$ M4^$L T;5$-@BD2U^VVY'A[F\#]W_Z;K;O_W\Q3;FEIW%TH ',Z'ILKKM&K S\T@;MU,4$C,X RLU4 1W$7';O9 I" M#W=J.MO1SWX\5X")+"(2W=>0$S95:Z.;M2IJ0FM.5*-JD/P;-H1=*)P9,T*) MSYKSZ*:Y+59H4OI8;]4;N\[45%TK_.U&X?TW@5^\>/[B5QMWEWJ?NS_O"3=2 M6TAMN^U?8;ZX9.A&I=D2=*BKJ4GBT>@[3")L.GXQYRG>O" -=;J 7P!#'3-M M*/&/>0.4)XS/R[2(=$%)F>%IH-@@?L:'R2&5R3:1?2/-K 6'%$"YO.TLS$EA"XA'&PYY^10.^8:[^=O;-]B7_>S\Z.##(#@Z M"E#1^.TG^&V[(?0]YO'NY.QC \#](G0SEW^08(/[+QJH.C]OH_EIM\[_? M8_$@P%+1#3ORP=*-I)4N(W66C*(Q 0U0L/*\;L *+\D MCWB;#X4@/DTX0;7ET&YAM(6QRS+JKF.K!7@S!;UL(2#Y%3('(J"O(ZBD%S@0 M5SS_;F J0+S@:T.U^RS,> 7R6_BJED%# MV#=NG: )B7JHK%;6ORYRU5!BXQR]4:6N@*5A&C!=G1PL+-I=ALFZHM+[Q*Y@ MM"H;36&;0O6Q)L(:..RX2C"L5%? DHJ?.1S%=5.B%2!R]]8:.-Z4$^V,E: DW:OWE=-_UYQE*K=4.:K2]9VDJ3W9\F;1[Q6M$[&NO_");KTO='A M2HQ57P,=H/=)9Z-""$CGHRX8IY($FQ?!$87>G+L=P_WZA 8J[]NLC_=== #E MA5H3;*Q1W[%I@#::F552J&LI&^\>X^U. ]_@.?ID%W)EJZ6"A#7>2"Z7BT8 CGF[^=,1/'HW*/,6+K)I^UV\%>4UA5)VL -QSJ;:6>"ZQ3@I-4-3'E@,[3 0#/^[04-177.MDWT(L@59 MQ#&IH(Y"$-;/W_D+F TJ2%$IBABJV.49"8$B*FQ.0:1C,*DP,V.RX-+S60Z: M,B)MZL1LKFT@VT%0L+!8)$V,-./D=Z[M8AZ=F6:36$1>K@^ :%B#%2@! K_7O=+AU 9R]3#[6B@G)Z#R9 K.\OQ]A(EF[LG MOD:!ZLC'Y'G3> 1TVIXCG&OYG M^4#\)2(RT,Y"_*@F#LL.M^F""85,(FV6R+S C( M0S!_B2RE1-_I&V=]H!'2S_X:9289 !KPMAA1["AD$SK$@P []@3AWX M':*6X*M[]>,-!G3C"L5=A0DQ*G= 5\W6['[O&WB\;2OWG@T=Y J$+B R-(?(60P[XZM /6(S0X;AKN7F:.M_%V/MX( MT V I0Z9.(V_; M=!5!$,PO;THJW[,US#9>M $M(>ZY>1O=3GOBAAO7:4K06):9L [U^/% MZQ[P?7,XNIW;)''PFM5C?B:'F^PN)>\417?L;RLS5FVNRAU8H>][;Z\77&>; M?!.>YVG/"X2-8LZAT&CJA:C?.D-*F8N4I*%$@;B#J(FI">C5=?@-K+'&5"AU M:HAI 958GGT-'+2ZAR+ MU432*%]S._AD*VR>(Y16[LTW#"8++$ODX"R%BS ^@'PHD8"1]M>9Q!R'@)., MU2AMWV!"E)HX=F;P8,45=ZM3-?+'"\:T0_WZU>;]Y#UO\4)/KF9K@@K=#J+( MD;&!C@F&+J6U:P>T(,V%I%+J6!Q2*.'_Y/EGYI$J'K?* &1A3.VM ,+%GK/V0(SB"$.X2884P+R-L5'4WM@>6 ZHBCCA;C@J MUB;#\]R)^V QCAK?+ S&)+B Y.^YK=_HQ'9$\;"-W%4JPKT&TIM5,F_*GB?>SNRP M0VFC6()>E)+$.1\N*PDI^:4Q&+]4U;5#""8JT1KR,!H"ST_:30H0/U]"S?WJ MX7A:%;R/JHX:,U\1S'*(E+=#>7"T,H&^U@F#:I-P;>38M?"[/5 [-\'G+U%0'X MGVYGY3,&AZYLBK 0$A)K.MT;JF$FP M%%&N9ES6#T[Y/]?T=9)VI ?DJX5-"LV X1(3X&Y[X"78JH2WVVP(I2NLNR4/ M(43( 7HWR $J?I4FV!@G(RO=SS+33W8[M8#G(W3/__+DGO_6<>@^ M4)B=Y5/3?\B#"](8+HS39\%--AM_SO)KZEK)3+15IU.O\P= B&)K^O-]6+O'DILW!J;^[MWY^\'W PJD%NU8*?P)@UD^ MT?F5JD>!NI2E$K/NOG0[VFPE8;I>X&7DF"+$&#R_)>M\'*!Q@CNAH"&XB U M,"_CQ4*UA+/X)?&.]0(?4H#8ET1BO+;'M7K6189PZ(@-5-JK3%ISD]E(:_RN M.,K&4@JFH*Y5RLQZ9[.QXHE5#D=3P"SR@2\;!41IJVVGEKJR*@=_S:S+;L>" M9*2FX7RAS;?K.>=N+ 3?O&=#=UV]:T+9GZML/;,]@T:LV;>][$UK[GNU]MSWS$$"^,:'M;V[/]FM[ M1AD/F$\_0Z1!JBPTKKWZI0Z]W]>0$.K?\@H5' +C>F,-X3(GF HP2TD/;RT?17,TX-AN&V=U9- &I/9W5LQ MROXZH^SOV?7*^LEY=$-Z"[71;,K=F',M=(B5-B# , T2 MN%W%*T:QC""*"T>M).US$XK)A*FY@6RCPKCI9$,*R4,55=X EQH%$NSP@J!2 MY$WR_+G4LD\78&_;I'](HG>WTW1[,%]B41G,5 8?)E? RBXVNR^?/YM$-ZIK M#4+9,F!6J7'2KN/T:HV&.;O.0(R.R_3>6-1O /V;EO2?BRR6F\-I NKX'1N%VB!\ M?HQN9%[[-*-C;.QIUK0?6OUUTYO7!$)1[SNH(1=7\E ])+*W3"2'25 VCO6LNM1W0I;30SJ\(.= M?=4R#Z5V VF%]6^J(D6UA71 RQ&?5..]R $W#E .+#+D?2A)6Q.FI%,+J+N8#9X -/GI7Y#'L0VRO Y M)L0L]V^#,&(%.*?>4FS)!O8GOZ14HT0M*"5K'E,H%;:@F:)098&O,W,-HK0U M(VN[@I;=>KSQ@%^?X@'?(^.\03]>JJZ0&[%=7;%"JK?15YJF\6C4E6ZG35^I MK\G35WSM__&H*R1][Z:O-+=)7JVN& S"C:HK#!MY>WW%%X\/7EUQ=UU5(=Y6 M6?DJ(=BBJ^A[]7UU%:?=AE%6#!VV*2MMTO UUE(P4R#>Z> MI5*10F7?PXBO>YT>BU1L->+K2WHRXK_"B-_=>Q!2\6]CQ+ 8M>#VG35CP MA@R?+/C[L.#O4RA>**%8BUZT"\5N1]) OK54; RBW(=0! []':5B?4T/PE1$ M\,\-2L6[FHK[WT H=CL;DXH;-15K(GE]J5@GXHV;BONW$(I$[-]4*NZOE(H/ MP%0D).][EXJ/WE2\%,CUAG":[Z_R]+.&QAV:/"0' [I 8/O&6A7G\)MN MI>J%9F9KR@?\P@#-Q/T8)Q8]&[0ZK[P\ X#55L%MWH)!2A M9%6CJ8# ?TU9#.S6/I44MA[%DTFU,RP M%' W^0QI,0JV 440K87WD#]#H),P8AIC=[9_WU=Y8.W87;7TY&M$U=1Y/I2) MK,LMTYSOL5"@VQD1ANC/8+1Q9"?G"%7",0$!;C4J9]+[EI YG#2+5)/PGF=^ @ELL M8\:;W1E"/>QB[,&U^/ 6NIVQU(EG# U: MY4J-1\L_-J6W%K^O+BWH3/RAUI4RE!H@%D_ U':;LYWI#[<>K"5UFO[0 M--C2'C'=CND)T/IN#_%5J7Y:H\QAB_=$L#4GK/=*27ENYNK6 %1QE! M&JBVYOR["J&HZAGGJTA-ZII)YOJK>O4 ZKY[IM%2!"K4%.0YWBO3VLE$'Y8O M59P?&U]0VXJ,"M8422(K;DG+*K:J-38P :)3=VY[!#1ZUJ*RK:;&E99W*#*5 MB >?AD>G0;8@'XPJO"BQ;%'AP#4U\A*LCWM;/;>U6/=.@'E@=^RB9DA63;ZQ M?GH]Q[48X!9Q+4I+!S&Q8BHTIRZH^:^^L#:6TXKCP6W]M#W !+! 90&H>,4KA"9^_ $&#@5Z@XK,;A5H^G-E> XRI *5PQ M!CW=L'F, ^BAG:C@_]U355_W&\\7SMW)& 6S,JX(N+B\CN967VSL27Y%I6D237+!VQ@E3_7N*!'%1NWC M1)HU,F?E/YN_V HV#S;ETU;E]%QW9%++WS0T+1AE>V24'>?!,&'%\!W, MO=F,S1CDQC*"Z/SE/?3Q/8#U[#/4K@T&2X'+I.02,L:BQ:6YQIDSSM[SG>9J M,J >?Z W:EZ&5W0=.R1^;:@5\ M-C@ PIN)*3N9#"F59'-@A6,FRIW=SQ M 65A[@%UZO;:0/V6GZ[[UN3/2T2!D?6;I?3 MJ @. 6FD9TRWHV(-H- P*AFI3@3[&#J]@4@1KCN_R'2S M(LS '=P\R[( MG87A'L*A04(BU7NA.T9+,">XBM*%T9N+>,:0EZ#98N?H16IR'4IO;G8DA]VE M&6B8)>M06KFPUDZ^@RW0LQ =>>^W9K::,=YR MSQB44^T9;1G!*:^Y13[GVXR/P!.'NSNW.A)=KA.!_+=[J/T]Q"%2N ;X8I&K LEREV.U_+%>M7OLX4[W@#ORM3 ME!ZI:VU: U?\JAVZ=Z8X,4R1G9@4Y[S5F>PY1L(C9(J\\*\V$NZ-*>ZU,L6] MVS)%!&' E>NV_E>JJ+>L^_!%._7TQ37 M5,7]VYW)_K=BBD"HCU!5_$JFV.W O?W\8D/V\_[W8HIKV 'UI*B1-U4 4*H_AO4Q M=[#(,X'&-LBS6W:& ><>2&+$NFVAJ*FO](7JF @IX;X^)7)!,ZM>4]&?GAD>83X>+PI@4Q5-0: D46-;2.E4 MW.(=#NW M=4':('L;$D6AQ):V%.YK>9D7*+VD_E#RL]3W @L/%ABE93Q$- M)KH!GW32;[BLN(ECFFU2,H$)IO'9,>AEG"EB/2S+82%MM@3&I:YVJD?V'4:S MMKS;T?.D4?GF/MIHW(NG:-S71>- O4%]SZ>IT"@3DQIR>749US,"1E[K(!"+ MC/% DK$4)072DDG_C1I-("DQ@RF0 MB:IFJC4YL HU*VT)6&#HE3YGL1IY$HC6K+^,-:N('97-B[ MNJQ3MS AR8-+ 1JS"V&Q#R'>ZVR MS]TVN$2??KN_^S6ODE[PB1H3.3KH))Y&B[0JF0AU57>3GA$&DBAJO!8^E]/& M/9W\F/I>8 ZLA>N$K5IJZ?JF$!HSN)F2=%5FV,R&-\#8_M53-]E?^'6^ HS M9N>(:H^B&[ZS"M.DVVD"-6$AVP@QXS@/;4:X'C0)(9 D\"9V0*LAD:P'0D)? M=0Y0. $GL(O46PI&0HABE]H.7C5ODN).'U+1QN.+G*0 -V.]J]Y6$S4#F,W+1Q*H6*([4- M6HM(XRLT/2R$H%;N4RND=5%,UNN9^)UNSN>>>#S%1;*S\PIKL[=GVR$]]\^\ M^!P @0XD:Y0"TUB=F^ MFT UH9M#5 Y$&;3J??4]7]IZH82*-K M4!E'%!SHCO 19HH)Y**VXAF:[F75-Q&(QPT^;ZUJTIJ.ELH2CGJT3UCO%MU MSSJ\B">]F,T (-, E46+VB_J51&90X2H59KB.[.3\&JL"- VEV3UPQ5E'TP:@S]A7/L6>H5!EMA0%]>E M7D)62T'1J?DLFJP("9]K4"(%=MFD%I$B3?9EGF4\../4K:=$H?,&9U9,R$R^ MH0^5+)ZB3$!*G-'YYM(#ZXS/*@_L4B8=@ZU,@-(LD8P'[:^F#[IH?4SC]#1[ M6K44M=:)&"'VMI"3V64"%D2(O6P-9TBRM.VBL 9P(:0!P6_N &] M,D;G4;=CV30X0_'\P!'^^OQ'\M$N9:!U:QSON@.0 B04X.7D#P850MMU*DKM,P]]0(O:C3*K^+0.W%'3W*7 MVGCN*L@KV]YTBUVOE?!;]VR4+9@I:"';#F21*&:-2JW*%/(D,_-5P,++DO=" MR3YPDP?K#AZEJHIP6:FC\_&("Z(!U9O.8:3/@ *D3KBYY5+AOG1R(H#D%HM');G=$-TY-F(9UF 4'6,@4YF +YL9Q MP(I$]E5 EGRU2E C>I9' MHT%2 7KC0I=@ZZUQT,MN M_CV /6T,Z^G@Y(_! 'FD9[V%=+3AP0.49RN6? AB;-R M@TA/=3X--S7T+JY E2K ME"LP0;I##(B(@ M4L:WV)VQ "DE%6@Y4"WL^7X15;U MGC B[>MGZJ-+HV-1*20Z&T?):IIMCX1>$QHU;Z&TE+'"> 88NJPGZLW AA'?5^-= M*&1N4J508SAXPTG=MBZSPDQ[&&$$XG_F$C?E-YR"$$;&X5 M)_O>DY/]NT>2/.H'*M)LRB9WU.W'W V'$[!)Z37"A:O7_ /A76K6'A7R]KV56A'">U5\GXL5]XO41QOZ=] MN&HB3CM[0*/PYTV-+;:,*Z2I,4#O 1RU7J%]Z\@8%^+7*V^3/*!)@"EYP4F1 MI.LY*/5:>ZJ=./OP6J@E7$/2M8LU2^/4/ %TSQ34SI3RX U,=U)2&%N%5#AO MKH21*[RHK.09#ZELD>(1FD.T$;6[PAI]?SWW(%L:M[\(K7TG/1G7898 T=1-BTO]*A(SC/'N& M#LA%4 K8[.!64"BXL*_CV#D."&4V4=1^1F M?&5O8M# K^("2QY@22; \.MS+*")LPF,0I$&2L/'E6/;/^ 43.@7>4Z5;T#C MV/#1*HFC4B:JT[":#=!\NAVUB=BD"_;N7XO)A>[>$ BMA%D@JVM?+M3JL470[([#C31J%'(\X*&'$E9>^C*MG^72J M[GMNCMKR *2H"2UI#6 F>2V ?E2>6 9L6#XUU:DRZZ*&YZZ5Z (>@S\#P=0ISQ 5U !5U MTW:R^S?8N3WB"\>?[&A3&(R2"89N"TP3P(TJ0/ACCQ72%\K0'L5\"[EQ$5?2 MVYBO_2C/ BG -)JGL83 MH6NYLBHFXXD=# K!B8GFM *-"9YZ&>*04 +_>?*+V:PU:5CZJ!%^-LN.9JQ'S MCM/I,[V^0)R]]#11["C.XBEGAQ!3)V%N0C,L]PN,^>&"D044:F@40W?:XG2" M>64!/BKDFF.82P6);NQ#D&93[@9@3CC&R?,:A>*26AO^FNWF^Q%:,I$:BH-F M(/?$W6ZX;Z"-7T2N1FX+4%%_0@UVE&+PA/2^D./@0*?1Q'UK\XKJ%TM1M;'J MNAWD+\*#5O+YE0^P@ ;I_>PZN@E%%BB1\#]YYGF(42^P?E(&_:(4H(HHE 42859V[6R!A0FA:^DZSJ]4&F01CVYT_Z\"R !-8[9DG()67(H4>>0 P-I ?! NW3(X,1/]57JR\R&*\4\%' MB,WRBD1)4KBSJ G9WL F%30G, M)O!N*S,*9Z,4"B-VE(!H"S5J-X>N7Y MGLJYBL58A4C!_D0[0E*4]%6R4I.T%Z9\Q,&+_:?@Q7?F+U?+_>2:I#%!ACU4 M0I>*'BD2;, ED97 ZU#A!E_AW7SN1 M1^ZV*ZUW0Y.]1&Y0$[2E#*")XC#,@8S3^LY![!K8&WTVL8[/;@AI8E/3:?)% MDBKFL/LPMTAE3E9Y+W3 'A1)=#OV6 P\Z&*P]NP(?L,F((2/FI?Q*^W\(@CG M5@EP*FC*](-%3"'GL,7*Q^90HY"+0RVA)A7EC8FMDN+I EFR[;1K8JH:? .7 M4W=]P\]3V,)+U7G9I06,9,.SF+BJ)0&1I45]VOFB#D61++HOD.!U!IS)(%-0 MBKS?34TP=6P ZB-4!D1TT86NL MN (Y7:ZCK>+)9L;& )>BH=;TF?&T?@M9Z M58^^OH\G%_C?$\LBG - AA ,K/&"!:YQ?&G6:+FP^>[7 M/ZO1RRSZ?A@TBGO=X"SB+#]V[ZIJ..7_(4(S$L_R)@N/IKH9+XQI-!X>%A$7 M^6D;V,'P] 8N'HH'!L_-\>=;?@"T5]A93^5"JN5T_8QJBYO'IN3-$JP/Z+", M5]]VR]MAY::T_67;Z^?8O0#)E^;7KW%C-K]>6"Z1&ZJ+I?+Y9/%UE-*_+(E MVC'VHM %&#I/%YZ+E83#'4HCRIS?2J3U@=+(>7LIOY!+#S'Z!GM;Q%;!@ZFO MT8DBEIG0F+*IP*K 9X32.K=N#9BY&I ]#=[">Z9RP->\ MU':4;MZ]*-6R*:#4+MF51@6>]$C"BJEG0M].>P\5PB1%85D)4\D.C%OK:*,V M5 ICA\O!DG_/MI#4A5?O;JB NJFRUN% _*K6\NB=* M FZ X&"L505_Q75$+LY M2]C@0D>)3,VR\'P*E50.L(!5#9NFW >6$; 73S[7[UD]]J*A>FR(&CD%T5'E&D7CS\&YA?'VUZHKHY/B5%L:5:T]U6NW M]78)I FBL O[3Y?,ZIHI)"Z!;VDZ;,/P/F+P:[;9[F+(0#[A.A)5:H,ZF5V1"3Y[WY6 MFW:_M#.\VRE02[5&4D?S-0!]E:DNR$,.S*NG^L#BFC[#UO(ZW^II%\M& VV @QF8 MH'H2.KU%G(Y>^:S"V;2!+?QXI/9J+DJ6H_#?Z2)MSK61F?^^B("8J[PP^>Q+ MEJ0>LD,EVKBV[=5O^SW/.E3F*.C["?P/2-4URJ@5[]M]N>^TZ\OM/IQLF2,/ M5#+;@'LL90/-I36A0DVBD; 6%?T&;RU^N:9=;D+K_ N;Y/"5W>WGNVOQDPT5 $:N_NPIQG5Y M0L3]+7U9]MP1.:G)$\6AR&4.F@9G2*.T=+"N7:]-MU,?8WT7SE6C!\ ,8,)#(M7\D/L&;=#0E1D&^ZH'0AR\ M1;%H=*0Z]((1!MOP'/"X:"*M$60$@V\6\U+M!AT:E%S@L.%X91L,#GGM3GCE M :MPU%FMY'7=,2A)&.Y/, M,G^!RZDYH* 1'+P'8'0LVQR=K:!C:SKA5I(\ @48L^X6&5@=5&J YBC==A)\ MQ+*4!%TD AQK-_W5DN$A5'23C1MAG5.*]\XS25UX^F:\087[R(5[^F%S'2D1 M8JPB"8&%W>8TE5C9!:,1M)&CT5A(A+D"]$H=$FP=>? 0SN+*/@HJCL',)RZ# MXVHI*Y41 Z*9I%7J#(3 Q3I?UK%!OD.]H_%V2RG=KZKE JD:-2A-ASR$6JQ& M3=X#BH&H)^2%5OS5%_L_-B(;H[UD*0"-A&BGPC; )WB/]T*L_$7_I")1A^9G M\>1&#+I9O'F^!H2QU?>(@U&.*;%=6@E@ IWB.^YF&-3%;N>BP% .^Y"D+V"; MA\_1P.P8I6?16;;]-3F>+90.1Z?N. Y) M*R%J#8H)K_1)SHO5W8[VD&@.-*]B!.A+3+]C1KN84YE9 NKVQ&V=QA]\K8M2 M%8P*KQ#6>X$!!^UAM,BBVT&Z>*UE@[^E#(&/ PP^1M!HT=ARUY37)_T#MA, M?[.^Z12OF7$3DJ?Z&_ _SK342\23]JQ/_=M\:%M'#!ZC[R=P\$!.A00G9S]G#QMYV'0 M+W_Y.O>C?6>X^9RN6Y-0I>[9XH=R=W?VT!,JGZ?CM+[?'\,939/4ZN>B6Q&) MZ-O9MQ4M V%X.H[,:XE"] MK+U9UA=:@P4[NWA[=O:QS8G,U.F'8-N[Z&)*\' 2JBG$?2ZM_ +1892C"2 [!NY6,W M30I&1(DVEJ.:F>F:;F :+1HKU(LX+9[2E@HPF\G(IT-F6R1=D/&!),LGRC-M M=HE>%IH-;>IFL [] $(11P2I&P6);K9NJF^(@,*@)F1Z0-SBQ"78KR$9:_ MXMM45A^>+/=:E*JQL61%_-V2\R1IXHU,(S? 8] MLG6F_O7'[]=8P.JYV-^.$U[,=!5KZ'9LWF 95&Z^9B/+UEMM,V0\@3'VJO&Z M=BUGA!/)-*'2\YS_:USV>G Z%;EJI?%V%VQ)L[$.EWD)LY?-PO.V "5TH3@UF3!^ ,.3ZU\,G7OK(8=L1HT*M6 +JR7=YKR6+&C>\X]VNQ?+D[A.EQ;4703 WW6B5"H+U>,#YLQ,;1>?6V"@ MP+ +\F(3>1O^VO9)+SM#/P>;X7 VKM;%BIKU!.QG@]JV_WQG:X]80NW7^[U0 MU%"JQ&EY>; J1MM!X..( 68[U 1XO $%*1]: MH*FLG\ALF_*4RH#Z7G4[F'D34F4O$CBQLK5R84 W!ST= J+1QC.QCP8^"U>,BS 9SB#@2Y2 Y&K/9(L-NT*+\VT$FQG_6 !'6",$6[E*HO6Y NGPH)FFM M%YKL=]>J6G%>W8[K**#O*Z>)%0:#IU:":L;/L+VU0M,,KN,1-9ZV(;X=ET1U MF4\HL]XN;*.])O3#!8 0DFDSA*M,=@W0[PM)41!D M$M/>$O''K7VT-B"911 B!U#A :N2F(H5#%4Q4C-.()0F25\RDCE1/ MR_(:X]9NJ[JD]L15,$%Y4+:# =U^ZV/KD"Q&LA;4S /&*I+RLP&&%PQ[G)F@ MGIK]MI;.6UNG1 F'P4?0C_H?@J/C0_C'I[,!M=D\?S\(CD_.!\-@^+[_X4/P=A#\?O+'X.QX M 8G61ZP7[Y,)+(M@?*D8)_]N,*\&U=#X# [ MO8H^*)PAFT219A_4&UVAB"^F4P2BR\8WZYE&>:%]CQ)WJNLGXHZ2GA+L^I4L MH 5C>XI HNOD;Y7=75F!Z'K@84L^JG Q/8^3IW @O8%ZI0EPZ0ND!(3!_^FDPM/X5$.E OA) 8ZZH*(52*Z@2RQ" !*] M9(9N!RPE(?"I1]MK77K2M('G8.TK&BNE^"7M;S8,VYA5$:CR8QW*,@"0C8^S M$!#H>#P ;&(--JDOR$I.:ER1X]1Q4FL N34_I;LE6P[,":.QX,A\&?[P=G@Y-W ]@^.CG__QP_/?Z"?3_N'A^IG. K_)D$MQR#=[DX&1@,T]P M;X_QHGQ'AH!QE/[IZ8>3/X!T#T[.3D_.^N=')\?A[2,I.WXZ]L[V ;AG88UH[>G[P='O[\_AA%^Z)VS]WFSUBQ]:1_\^ M)RUD^.;MS2M[ W)^?O(1EODE(*B"X-^>T_^9B[MRJ)4C_53^ MA,7/P&>N@_YV,*P6L_ET,YMS',WB9=NS>M5O'LA*SA$(ZRN7 ]A&_!Y_LE MML[$)( _,&YW6L0E17F7,/I':(#6#6O,D-A__KK;668:.5;WD^GZC?*I^L#L M/\*GXB__-T*>V'\S^._W1V^/SH-^L(+CMY5G?N64WIV MQ^U*FK]R&EOO^ABHQ6@LS*&W8A+?Q /UYM/Q!W0C4/R95@[_/3T;#)& W_$R/G' J'&8".>'9^].[HH'\N0Q_B M"GFPP1E'R2FL#B2)PQX,#@?,H?XCFLU?PZRW:2['P?#3P?O@!)X]XX?[0Q[I M__LT&*ZY5[#>8$O-3*8*@W0['_N' ]B!MJ_#7ZROPTM'Y_^\X_=[(7W N?1_!7^!#/B58Q.!O"@ @//^)T^T/:6FNS3_X\AD^(RZK;:5AN&+R'UV A1\C/8&7T]-'QG6(7M[H) M:DN&3-6PHM\_G+P%C70X./ATACNNDRX^''T\PBV'/3!OH5/N_ :> :/,8;TA#WMW '2;TDA,JM_5]MQ[UD-C9&,($*(V#2ZQE2- YJ/!)DJB*HJPK=4UC:,!,_&6'LA95,A$? 19C,79PR%/[&-W(S/9I:L?8YH^FMK^! MN5DH9%;"E /'PE6?C H$(RMC-UOH48KB%T^B>*/Y!C:G,>D%03V[H-MY M2B_XBT:5GM(+GM(+-AUHLD9ZC &FQQM66BM/X#NX\#X-SP T9 MZL>@W V([F*&AR0 =; M@GIC/XEX#C9D)GN+Q>=LU;A957FV$CJ*T_PZ%#Q545+'49I*5SR-/J.K]BWX M&=\=;O 5>(YB*D@G%YH,-8K*1'I2K(3=V7WY_-DDNE&P.SAW M*A--RDJ@?JOK.+V*9:1N9]E8SE SH.#+30"COZ#+\9%067 !IQPR,# 12\[? M.0S=9%GPR 7&M0HYAIA;N&*'E8-!6I_B7"Y M"2I&&N*2"[;Q*]OVFL9Q@;@_8[)*^6N,%4]-VJB79_T)P@Z$(7$Q_8LX$Y#! M%'%9K%LN49ZR[;PL?D H-#)7N+! =;$N,O^4)=21%9'HI6NPG $ANUJM@N&^ M4-%ZM\.]Z*BPVNJ).%^,TF3,T+=% @3O. ,!*LQB!/Y8,F+8.!PU M44UYS@MIKA_6M?>Z)]61GAVPQN2%?9:G$A*[VQ((5MS)(B=I^# M'5&PPA@4F#117!AP?V *EZ%H:E(/7%)V85L A-8GD^O>^?"[O@]G%NP:A4N,XS=O*Y1#&J+!Z_N(3 8,/HCD"93&J(8U" =3(7H7>FNP MO&A ^::&79VQI;U60D-F[T2$BWZI:A":_WGM(NM@C03AD;HM=3C129"8WTTN-N M"V@\/Y.^0&R#FL&^O2EZ2T.TIU3_ FBQ$9(/&'I:T9M(+=& MJF6:VD:VRS6'HOV":9DM#'4ON4WV/00#&-V.AI+ M4X$;3@Q#&J>@C1+JK KD^29\[3D\SOC!WE/\X-MF-=1 ,R/I]4!HCZK-%/\* MB%_]1HF=FD)@6LR"1 5MTRN^(*,I#VD#P\-]V1$\A,FE$R1>D&YS(MUD$ 5 M^"C=3%#I5.-#'P;48)1:XMF=]P9XT['3\LN:T'6B'$S4:,CIR4;&B$%7WE)8 MY- @9:)]B"51:$A(>GBSW>?:1?)NAO'NA@K=MFAD>83X&HQGL4FZF0'$) MG(;94 H0TOI HIH$/88>*335 $ M@GFWT:PM[W;T/&E4OKG2CM$?.33BA [8Z8#DN1G,?;4? N9X@K#?H&+*\1R8 MN$H[)#X(M#2J-#+T=:XI-J@3;$V5.VZ@I6X'[B:U\\#;R;V$(ZNC1'U!AC]+ M()@[3^MOJ06KQMX B)Q/$H6@NU58X1 9$0U+ A -.A@T:D[UK 5/9 MQK[ :RN$'%/(1.))9AH"@.G M3N]TW8"#0W[O C4EQJ%)@]^+ M.E.+*CG/4VQQ4$H 52F1:B2C:6Y M_Z4,8DBV^6.ZD1U.@# 3A=!B L#\@0/\)O!D7 M[FM&>U/?O8XHB!-*4Q#OJ^XY\0TG_&DER50[#5'SR*=C*();6(N!TS#M;L>> M]\J^/=2?)TVU1]A.-Q!;B?(@BD:)VYCV =(D2E-)94("5*I#5#MJ? 3 M7J45O=-L(/X!UWY?FI)9[XV^JHA]A M ;;]P_LM'+C>-1JYM)MNPPDDNI%,I0O0F[3B929VLWK&5T02IQIT=Y=((D-P MW8Y-&3VMN?GJV@;R4EY2*.V $S"DD4.18TP-S)KQ)7+KP95.,$,>&*Q^F.UF M;([MM;>Q#GK!XJ9^WF0CQU_B8IQ@B,P$XIJ::@=;^Q+'8&G!S8A];S1Y5MXW M>%;:FAB:'E]F=O1KO4Y\3]K(D6:VI;2>;D=T/J05L ^K9)ZRA. 2*Z-78RDN.*0!+ M/.5Y9B?AB8&!2.J>A:&GO!D#XT\J&-.MPJ?45D"UE%R#AEMI%\Y=^5NZG=Q1 M!8560DN*-'U,^G-JG4DGX&5P2./8UKCJ$T7?)DU0-Z#P B, M7&/)]>.D3-#I-*8.?"L7>X)/>FNU*)KH__%&A/:?(D)?$^25?G-&2W XG=ND MW++5Q;'C 2R:';DF@\V[ MG893)Z7QP[-:%W4[Z^HO18-1T,QLW#3R#>C8JZ KI( MEY0YO[QEE;,I:?ZFM !]ZDI$6W705 / GDCW^Y'NPZ1= MMI"\?K>M, *_T'5TST%58IC)W'6[E>E8,6FQP8/X/CE4Y ]C@'IKN>>>_9?M2(V(%B03]M_6Y 7D)MO M.I]I\S#/G;!9]9GE**R4[.ZXVH,LNK8-%N2T*@I+I/%IDZE6Y,7&8^#E,>+Q M#P[Z7=2( 6QW%&_KJJQ6'*#0=UO;;VJ#NGIA>8**VN$IVZ!L(G 70LPW]CI, MM"M4ZQT+#'#:'.:SNPU;,9N54R@*D4Y,UB(VJR 4%6#@IEFY,U@6V^2+6]Z- MK2K:=]3%(9?!*@%%-DUL$KAHF$SM6Y9$7!3+N\!AZ@X=+NH .L ?T^HNB:45Z&?MGZAS3C/T/% -O^R)H>?HQQN?D$XR5[V)!HFW]Z56D M7H'(">?\Q@@F8O'5GJ4.5I==&8N_\RY^M:-"\74^6[42_I241D1V)6\8!K+1 M!3 U^8&@;_$1 HZG@RUIMZ4I1SOCK*?2=]#?Y @;^?%H2!Q4X;BA::HH#RTV8J_[JL:NT);45H+)KV_[[>AE_ . M4L%6K*F+&>U@[')$'J';*V>#E1BGMM0=%#-MX*1723:;Q]I5_05=*3IB"#TF M>=.%Y2>>(P>'J8S1T4$AJIBZD4YH!^,A1DAQQ0@,V)KI$XDV5_&-8,-))K#T M?'.E".0^1+]M?B9BBM*Q]_(93L >,\BB\ZY_J+I\ZH*9U@HD%(=]!^6PST4[G"& 6+%R*M* 9UC^=C(">K M#ROL1YU\Y09:Y@62K$>53:SK*N@@4S4 48A"I((;3-D3; 6Q M7;A.,4L;JTIM2'=T*E?UEWFUKV:9%)4Q0[>)L6S=, R$(_0*X3D+,H#$=3Y; M&!BFF\ZE[^@XN:=/-OTH;&0([!GC+IA?= W%8"60B.] QN6ACMH2(45%=BC)D6(RFXK@@T\!KZ.]GJ;GG[ ME.Y+(EO;ZE,'^Y35!2G6_[ %(: A*M =#(+>.?DIJMHF$7QX/(/"2)9\'0 MJI6[C6W+.Y4J-;DV '-_++WIQK(O6O"3"T+%4?=K>4:-S*Y>0R QE_IJAN?)>=S+!@#@O-T%OV!X E[*"\ ",P\9 3 M-HE0X8&]E;R"(R-95B+C!_"8N3;06:&M-K=0N7E8?& I RJV, M)T#*_7@9LQ+A:;52:V VQ(98XA =I2CE5='-&,SU47"03 MAL1[GYC&\C7: 1#M X$C(6/LAHXEE\H6Q\5!/YPH>#B_-5 MA9G@T>& :KU"9 M9KH9N)>2,58ZHD _/Q?_@1,_4S9V;1USNLZ$NR" (.]S:$4WGREW/OM^.7L1 M)7[E;AC%VBE+;>N),MW1LYG]+%F:.:USJ(5[N.1D+=4IH=3(G$JP 5[%=2&# M.8P"9):^/@G-WWJY.J]BAR5GM!1UB,QKQI@+#2.+8? 7VDR2IO!9N$6Q>A__ ME&8W#IO#PTM[;C=+NW).KJFG/YU :=8@]^%W^,K)Z_W71Z\#_.EDDM!=L)\,63TY2B98C!WNJ_I&R)KS MG]C _AYT6(\\3UG-PVE5HVMV>@"ZUPE/O1[OS M/QX6^6\V*+(+ IL: ?@"I ;:C,.*&=?/2QVW\1=&M6A MO, .P0V(&4C'P%>.$0[]M DT_^VDTVIV#XA^X;N#]N%>V/%.CMLM[[33["'[ MZ(3_>Q+"L4=Z1JSY]DG/:QP$G7T@ /@]?'7 .4KRS ML[WM'0 NVAWH])#:ZSYG,_F'%S/YPX*G=!L'X=[)(?']9JO1"8-NV*6CL!>J3T"/ M^X?MK\$A$77WSI@JMXYW$LUF,;R(C5D+'S6Z^!X&''>Z7NVO^CNI.67"W!(' M='M@@VZOZ(\M1E8E+.3:#PFM=VL IYHEL'H?UH;5^^#"ZCV+ MEQX#2NSC8B0Q.&VGG> 83RFZ/ID\TB'_JR#C7RNT>#Z4JT#'5F/#N9NMYGF6 M9B#0:_2^K6V\$W)H >)9BV, R!X?2Z7?@*E6L/ M->DG$K%2L $R#& $* M\!U4S'PY]]L97)J3:9S-M%E+.>RG:7\+/79;9(:-?GK-K3W4\K>6PC,^TAB1 M?7-VXLUE7!@J&NI\])D3M 8N[?\EEUX_' (_0J9?"8Z]>T]L;$3UOE\#J]XO>^G]?3O=V1BBMX"S/S+Z,Z6M MW@'Z^=8HQC2E>[R*(M>ONQR/BSK^E,\\.33V?8CJ/_&)&E*Z%_^$*V=$%2]O MTGDFQ;\O+Q6PK;:Z>[@A'BN=^L:KEV&%;^C*>K>I&^O=VG:G! [1G3QZM031%@N]JQ4CSUXTD=I3,:AT"8;Q MR>\4Q 39?1ZO:"HV.[6I;*A6#NP,^96 2])NCX MQ*84C*-VWENU],4?:J9:K9C OD =1A/^:+5[ MS4;(OMP /;:M?7)C-=JM7J=]Z-GO?$?+RA,953Y[P>7E87H%1Z!A!98]L0&E M=R$ADJ3Z#["$@P[]YTPOY=1B9Q;\0/%A"! RB@?GE"S0CY/+F9/128&WI?/+ ME?QCG=OF5B9>@6O3Q1.)TKUK*5,;[%7&S\DU>JM9Q&7$XOY3!L ,':G/:5^O)6 M[%99 6^.%3CC3_9(2IE:5?GCCOK$S>RU5R7*A5 M52@I7[O[??S9^Y?ZWT/@6-]J9AV-15V0,7+%OLQD\^/]L]V$'^[);3Z]^;-? MA%]OGH+1W-=P]93&O?O9B'^-70U,1DM7![HXU3@M[OTL338[VR\VFX>UV?P] M\%K!$705__S7&1Z#X+?P]X/FUV;/^[K*%K/H0KSGD"BVIOW->[/]=H 9N> V@\XQ^#7O-[J%*$]L+C=K?9:W=^>+T.IDI)KH7O!29KR,I=4,;K MO5Y#K$"^UVM7*]A6L]L]"3M>N^,U>UTOV)?8)^AYO]GMR?O8;R=H=;^%'=\+ M?U=&OHYW'/S :"F?0M4QLZ,1=GK-;\U&T).F]W"&W%C8P4\MF@*2)%D)P[U0 M @BC\>47&/46C47RE]KP;( C_NV'_=I\[-ZAT?AGN\=MSZ23?TX-\0'L=EAWOGQ/QZB@96Z(C'1+,( M.UW8$!C)::?=VO]V A(Y/6@? MAK[W]:2'9PF_.0XZ/:1M^'S4;(4A-EZM(!W($N+&-N $XD=9=OB3 1$_7!8(,&G-&]H-4(*>%)-@\.7;/!S7=#.HOPDYP: MG?D$ST%3'6ZYW9)7OT/KBIJV\/Y\Y!W$J>LYP]]!82%P7C+VHS!H@7ZA>%CY M5)CX:,67LHU \ YJ&A.4@]= I#,Q[ M9@S,Y%IF)_7VFS4H:4^2R^QV\I,QYYIY0@^&QS2Y8):*=HD9A\=(^LS-%;TU MFIW&R5&WA\35A5:ZC4[SJUE&O?C/U[OW]=7.BZ3XP-'/)6F/&Y(0=[?>?MC] MF]>-)XDNFH4U@4AB? HYK95NZ9RU1^>D:@$H5_XOOW'R\FO*(?[L2;CM]MN/ M;W=.X !1=8PD,JX"( M3VGFR90K2A%T:UHF[OE275KY9#E&6S++C J,Q21/+M0T6!=K/0]9]-C MTTECW+/3&.WLR&@VX_K@:)B$$:58M;-/ D=B]// MWC_G$XF'VE%SH_%ZFQBD58,4AG84W MMJJC-\("I'%_/K/=]]4*(V83/(Q"52&TDH?TO-.2NK?'\W%![-PWEO7C9F)9 MR?>G8\S?_N41& #9S(/HF%K[*7$/YHZ4./+EC@UP]+VX> M68U6-%X:K[V&KV 4V?KF-_ZRW\;-4[]^^J/ VLS^W"S^3VK/ MJS%.@[*+ (+J)G(J?UH-&*Q=5GB3]$BGH?86EAO3TS77$1:O911G@ =NGU=Q;:YUE,Q?_G5KG6LVB:"%K# M2G37M^^W7PVB&X7OBF/W!)I&L/IFU_'H2N'$5BO+VG*:&@,%7VP"Q801!X[B MV46*.#4J_ P!81$B?H?,#L[+*#['RIT"L#ZDO&R#\S$_&R5] MAGK(DBM /H$\=*_T&SBWC/]C$ MX>>3WW']RI+M!:E(X5SX:Z) KKYJ5H9-/FI)5>@5Z-\RB&GR.,- M6/ D1W XI4;X]-+7.Y&^A ;4Q:*. P 3@SVV7*@J("@\=#,%LL/G.&F/IO M 00:")XD_PJ0-F4N.Y9C56!$,.,9BK:8;MV(+N'>&%&Z!K="KEJ1VL_XO&N^ M)E_3(DFNM?JI/)/;+*H%.JU!8ZA#O@N5.,&2D]$E7!Y+Z#?5"LU&W;6F)>C2 MAFTG%JFC'%Q% ;'\X!JWX8'CGY=4X[ (-Y4#,U[R@##\ +(8Q;-^,D91$@$GIG53K $G DLUM*X$_QY&O\TS(,L. M >=KMDX4>EIQ _46CHR$D M][00AJ?96Y7,S!CT_J/G5N""$[^(DQGC[4UCOZR\2(%X9=ES!+L!WMHF99F5 MZ;NQSZ4,T[L%OZQ6F&%:E6@6[[PK*;"=3FT\'X3[;L/S=!Z\>W$>/&Q40P&J M.NJS$,TX*EQ23N1J('[UC2FQEQ,'E&VD6H$+ >3;:7+%!^0L88Q9$A#1-#3/ M+D'N1>'R;,I5G"?)$*D7),LT 2X9 MWMC'6 26I9.D3YK((!XA=B,6 MLT (S9F")"7=G1#02H'373.4K YR)06$5C>UJG:V@57 KB\R2'@UK>\P%T8F*R8-@A)6J2$W&ZC MW(28@GC%GSE*#87N9#05HDY5/XI-MF+B6:?9LCGK(HRCZ"96,).L^- 5,?44 M6*E2K:P1:(/B%*AT.DQD9PFBTT:WHTM*0'&G>".94=5UD;*RD>$64ITV4$IG M- 1R2A (G5Y1WIAI/R'A',V@"X>J$50),>D>HRXYYHMV0 488Y%.9!,U I!F*$*# *"FSGP M%I$&7M ;1&>#S J2NNX2IP3=12+J^7R2HZFI1S5G1I" *K M];!MVK>6!-HEG'="LK];:]:25RMZG-0JGURXX% R[?LF^N$-M@D6.3M)KYU M7NV'@#FV&>18;4_#@O=>2*UPH8TB=O9 "[/K5%.L5R38@BC7*J&E:@7.)MZU M=#IIZDM+^OD6?Q8O\)#RF71?:L+]=!R3B8P\)M$-^3ET HK+=RRJ-:C?) .E. R%!9?;=(P2C)",-4!K5&I M/F+J99'2;2H[RETNNA&=763YRL">N_+E, M+^V&'5)94_0!CQP$\S1+@&*UO^\;X:8#XTC18#/-^2DNXA'=OU2X@F";F5@& M6OBK%X08AR8U?QN@S+1 E+Q,X4PGDJIHA$C5DI$T-R!;GTR81)'M4C@ 4YWV M_I9=+3Z9QB:VZSW/TK2"35O=)]!TM)9S"(@=CT#2F! )GTW,RO/+V>L&&%9! MZ:#Y7:=SH!RC4 %1"CM\V%,I@RV[=Q/BI#XWC1+3-:.,ONFP^!DR28P%XYE MXM )NP,D;[@ $G@3&G!>,]*;ZO (3CDQ2WV0*XE[$/++I M&(J@GI2"4S+L:L4>-UW->%B 54UT0 CJ3. )-?5$4_P@)L_8?76SBPF:ZZL*D(I1-KP]$C MTSE*E(D$WU ">IE4O$S%+A?/^(A(U%2)[.X2260(KEJQ*:.N);>\N+:!H)3W MY$=;77] C/P\+*BY;+1 ^1F'##DEE-23W5 MBLA\2"NJ1.IT> F6] OW_2RSE)'SI M"#Q1,*J5Y772GYZT3REAS'LKMC=3\17G=\>"^R+M9\K>4JVDCB@HM.);MTA9 M9ZR2&9E)1]]-8)/ZL2UQ%0>*MDT:()$,Q4ZY@1HEW95Q55*M#:Y!#KT@WP9! M?L-S=KR8LEF6G"S?6VRD]#'CKY\E9^J")QMLU%?V2NNCW.?6!-$8N +PMF;R4"I7@\,5S\XZ7(C6^$-KM">U7I+2"[NZHZ\A2V80K MV0(,A"VV/C92 UIH-VA:**I*3W='AG O^B8]Y>2/?Q2/?7I%W6 MD QHFGAO%_@D2XB(&6U #U!*+' A;L97=X-)MA:3 YKE?@>@_T&>6H[!2LKOC:@^R MZ-HV6)#3JB@LD ;>U_:8VJ*L7EF>GJ!V>L@W*)@)W( ]S!ZK(K0_%WWL6O=E0DODYFJU8 #K8DG9; MFG*T,TYY*GT'_5U6O B25SJ9B(5 6[)AII/B>)@PH 6 KUM14$]!Q4.3F@07F MB+PLYMK Y&RPLN+4EKJ#8J8-G/0JR6;S6+NJOZ K14 G8>_D,IP.1 B+2B&-0]GH^!G*P^K+ ?=?+70 52JR+*N@@4S4 W$.R-X2#" F.3N6J M_C*O]M4LDZ(R9N@V,9:M&X:! (3QG00:0N,YG"P/#=-.Y]!T=)_?TF:8? MA8T,@3UCW 7SBZZA&"P#$O&=JR*^5T>.ZD1K*R P%- -W#+^*9G9*AIV !8,K5JYV]BVO%,I49-K$P=I M1U[HQ?&]_*(7Q[IHS4LB#!U+U:?M'34ZMVP)F1PL@=$3>1'D9?R5KKKQ67(^ MQVHQ(#A/9]$?&#X,?TU)7H!E)E,]2@N2%Q]/^F3+4'>IOGXH[[XL\*;H&J;+ MQS$U&2)BEZ[=.$;?%&IZZ3HG%K,UEZ\E3RMEG\),XD&UPH>"A28>N[U);M?G M\PC$K5FLB-M0&ADA1;NZP6>MW!-?)F'KQ)$YMK8%S=HK&*AZ,1H,\#\%G]*' M>W\"P] -FS![,B&P@0B])] E66@VVN0QA(7 M/2 %C25#VG[M15JNI3$-Z!-[G!-R@[*"S "$P\Y89,(U1W86\DK.#*2924R M?@"/F6L#G17::G,+E9OW9G=-&[D^ZY0%HP(Y)F2*) I RJV,)T#*_7@9LQ+A:;52:V VQ(98XA =I2CE5='-&,SU47"03AL1[GYC&\@7: 1#M X##(6/LAHXEE\H6Q\5!#YPH>#B_-599G@T>& :+T^99KH9N)>2,18ZHD _/Q?_ M@1,_4S9V;1USNLZ$NR" (.]S:$4WGREW/OM^.7L1)7[E;AC%VBE+;>N),MW1 MLYG]+%F:.:USJ(5[N.1D+=4IH=3(G$JP 5[%12&#.8P"9):^/@G-WWJY(J]B MAR5GM!1UB,QKQI@+#2.+8? 7VDR2IO!9N$6Q=!__E&8W#IO#PTM[;C=+NW). MKJFG/YU :=8@]^%W^,K) MZ_W71Z\#_.EDDM!=L)\,63TY2B98B1WNJ_I&R)KSG]C _AYT6 ] 3Y'-PVE6@VMV>@"ZUPE/O1[OS/QY6^&\V*+(+X IL: ?@"I ;*C,.*&=?/2QVW\1=&M6AO, .P0V(&4C'P%>.$17] MM DT_^VDTVIV#XA^X;N#]N%>V/%.CMLM[[33["'[Z(3_>Q+"L4=Z1LCY]DG/ M:QP$G7T@ /@]?'7 .4KRSL[WM'0 NVAWH])#:ZSYG,_F' M%S/YPR*G=!L'X=[)(?']9JO1"8-NV*6CL!>J3T"/^X?MK\$A$77WSH JMXYW M$LUF,;:(C5D+'S6Z^!X&''>Z7NVO^CNI.67"W!('='M@@VZOZ(\M1E8E+.3: M#PFM=VL IYHEL'H?UH;5^^#"ZCV+EQX#1^SC$A@Q.)Y[DFVF M$.)?*W!X/H.K ,96X\"Y>ZNF=99F(+]KI+ZM;;P" $ZCDGPM MRU5XEE+7QQ>IZX&A\[I=^ IU:0\5YR>2J%(QQ7@:;L'W.-*653M2?@DAIR#, MK%$B_7YY-60/NX[5")WP2X,. ?KN_6NWW\Z\TIQ,XVRFC5C*/3]-^UOHG]LB MHVOTTVMN[:%.OW4G),;[#1&9-Z FOZ1-[NSL,\O MHRUC.C]3Q39463Q,84(L)#127R3C@JWB/T)^7PF$O7M/'&Q$\+Y? ZO>+WOI M_7T[W=D(>C K*&_]NLOQN/#B3_G,DV-@ MWX>H_A.?J"&E>_%/N')&5-WR)IUG4NC[\E(AV&H+NX ADH^(:N MK'>;NK'>K6UC6L#\=S]LA/DK0M :)B_^O@J:?&P>F&OJUFRPE.(>W:&C5TN@ M:[&HNUHQ\N)%$ZDS%8,^EV#(GOQ.$5LL]&'L+^/ZC>-8UR7(Y\M2*%%9;IFJ M;.6\H&#\QH2M2+YE*D:3S1(TI-C%_;4_,0>5>A0/L&XK>Q;/LVCLU73)K&XO M.#JV*V.IO ?F#OR OJ/ '0GB?LXNJ4\OQI&'-8YT MPN.33N,@Z(9>^'O8:33ACU:[UVR$[+ 75:/=ZG7:AY[]SG 6S%UQ>'J97 A @P?\[J4@XL=ES!#Q0+AF @ MHWAP3HD!_3BYG#G9FQ1D6SJ_7'D_UKEM;F5B$[@.73R1B-R[EBVU45UE_!PH MZ-3?I H;"VMM.%4A_?6#V2UBU-2&2#E2?L0$ MG1@T"5/U)S+&G*7U '5=%%V/A7%R!?A7);*JW5A=2OQ/(3[OO+VG^/SQ_>9L M)[ LS6E?J2]OQ6Z5!>=XF>%CXV8+R^7T3$CSS7UMB1\^Y4CS M3T:86EGZY8GSSLKDO3PEQX6Z5(7R\;6[W\>?O7^I_SVY#ZBC4: 9 M;'Z\?[:;\,,]N M0Z+ FO8WQ'M_QUDP:ARWL\S Q2YVT#L-NU\K_ M@7^/.V$7R8E2?X*6%YST#MH=H,D]-)[QCT&O^3U4Z4![X7&[V^RU.S^\7@?3 MHB2OPO KR%6(-_KM:L5;*O9[9Z$':_=\9J]KA?L2^ 3]+S? M[/;D?>RW$[2ZW\*.[X6_*R-?QSL.?F"HE$]AZ9C%T0@[O>:W9B/H2=-[.$-N M+.S@IQ9- 4F2K(3A7BC1@]'X\@N,>HO&(KE*;7BVPP]C/D=7Y6>LMU8$MZA& M)D.%1JH5R>I8U#O\8O6.Z1J]'W?LO^Y3YV;UC@_#/5X[;OVD&WKP;PB/X[+# MO7-B?CU% RMTQ&.B682=+FP(C.2TTV[M?SLYA+4*ND 8:X-/-UMWR@^ZG654EJ2K\W(DDZ$;-DXZN.(Z->ZP M>=3$)8 M ]#W_MZTL.SA-\ TC9\/FJVPA ;KU:0#F0) H7#L_JJC8XF\X>+9PK2M>YX\B)^F"P00/.Z%[0:H24W"2; M!X>NV>#FNR&=1?A)3HW. OO-&I2T)XED=COYR9ASS3RA!\-CFEPP M2T6[Q(S#8R1]YN:*WAK-3N/DJ-M#XNI"*]U&I_G5+*->_.?KW6N\VGF1%!\X M]+DDQ7%#$N+NUBZLH=>-)XDND(7U?TAB? HYK95NZ?RT1^>D:@$H+QY(FQ*5 M7U.^\&=O^^W'MSNG7K"W#5^==/DC?'JSS)+UD!0BH_JK3N%[ZLSA\M3;".[U M>!1=8YT+JTJ(3[GDR93+1A$^:UHFY_E20EHY8SDV6]+'C:5N.L?2,A2*/+M0 M86!=+. T4R&@VXR+@:)&$$:58FK-/ 2H\L!V?B'L#90IT M&7U570D]BM//WC_G$PF$VE%SH_%Z.QL8I%5H%(9V%-W(R':E7O65#&UW V,+ M3(6[?.TDY=>/J&18CHRRF.K3>:I$]_.]BM^\7,4/>B);*#BWT%!PJ@0]+HR S V@BXA,T=-,-[AE,FA+N;3G(P0_)!ZHR:V#L. :!J?5), M&.Y'B8R[)@SW5RCS,H)O+O[L40-4.5+IY=)]N71O=^F>-@^/8-=Z:/3%H^I[ M+3J+P:$7=+OM1M.]AM>W#]SE'O9T1867>_CE'O[SW &IK^7,SW#^I=:[&T K*RLGU5\M29WRJ-5^T*".0:?_"M3%3\8S9U!2J M9O.O&)&MRM):I,3,'R.!4D*(+SAD(J'VH]&(!=9E^3M%^W8>%6MAB3PQ1'/= M9_521ND:5#MZ@K;NB_1:6X3L\O= ]FEU]]9 )UG M,=7KGUL55L^B:2( "RL!6=^^WWXUB&X4)"N.W1,T&8'7FUW'HRL%[5JM+&O+ M:6H,%'RQ"> 1!@DXBF U:V9/^=S1"\!G3*%!''%+* X*)=7Z1D M$2_@BTT-,N4J&$(;> ?SV'']2O+F1=P(05-X:\)3(%K@JB=G*_IIIEJ-="D MF99 BZ4M'2^>1@6B*-!H4?E[7HE\/5 GFL MP;_[Z:O,K"AS +.LH) MPH,S':E:#+XJD"!9H88Y.\_!BLB#A&$Q**,XGWS9XO_"JZE,/'!)V06> ^+D!+&O.# =7!U'>SF,J.J$K.[C#]_E^ MTFV7S^LL!K$EGA22N1T HYZS$_,) 6#!S(!*XPRY^&* S&R7*0N* M"@R$#B%CL?C,B5[JOP6H92!XDOPKV->4@.S8C%6=$(%Y9_388M9T([J$>V-$ M61? 16H_X_.N^9I\38LD*=/JI_*$;+.H%DZTQGFA#ODN5.($2TY&EW!Y M+ '65"LT&W77FI:@2QMIG5BDCEEP%06$WX-KW$;TC7]>4J7"(D)4#G]XR0/" M\,\)$X/F14(YY9 C0-4F 1P--,[ 8U8QC?9>C5C-4,-RQ*6X1;CAH-? F M-L(31XT\XOS\@CI(:!+IG! ZB7RR& 6T?C)&81)1(J9U4W4!)W%.:,0H^]S) MXY-/G[RO.E^+ZNSL 7U5R$LA2UU%H[GQ!F4Z]7(J$5L#+2TO09 *2>8.OX4D?K\2E#D6 LUK3V\,GI+ M5;0NPG^UTL. MCF(S1WBKEBPXLVV#)@JAJ(V $RA=B;XMH5R%D)% RF8;N.X MX[K?OVSLO55@-#P:4LK='^ZEH?*2&3K>?_0T"5QPXAAQ,F.8O&GLEU4**9"O M+'N.9#? 7]ND,+-"?5 K?@F=4*,TVKK$S)WI W$A/&Q40P%C.NJS*,T *%P?3J1K('[UC:F7EQ,)E(6D6H$K :3 N56*/IRD(*G/*+BZ M'XWZ\Q$Q]\P#J2X9WMC'6 %IW:V@57 \P%T8 MF*P8. @"6HR$N=U&V0G! /&2/W-4&PK=R6@J1)VJ&!0;;L70LTZS97/6%15' MT4VL\"%9_:$K8NHIE%&E8%DCT&;%*5#I=)C(SA*VI@U+1Y>4H-E.\48RHZKK MBF-E(\,MI*)K(%K,: CDFB#T.+VBO#'3?D(".AI#%PY50Y\2U-$]1EURS!?M M@ H:QHJ;R"9JYABXA&.H>(C,YZO8[ZN5/:3;2Z53: 2L\?FHZ3I!C]-[!HS:VJMD4C9IK@6,#K[2 M-0']*YY,8P3T-G/@+2(]O* [B-X&FXMU_B9U130(\P \4I=/PU7@ J>E7%XO MDU5!-"GGK.C8$.A4ZV';P&\M";1+ .T$07^WUJPEKU;T.*E5/KEPP:$ EF_9 M-] 6VES^0_(FH5N\LA';CI*" V'EZZ4]R-+(7% M5YLTC)*,H$=U0&M4JH^8XE>D=ILRC7*7BVY$9Q=9OC*SYZY\>8P 1/W%_)#\ M@%D\BD1J4"O&_5K CS-$J!8[?7[1H#GP#A2--E, A : 9PJ87,8]L.H8BJ">EX)0,NUJQQTU7,QX68%43'1:".M-Y2E ]7%Q.7.)0U*X^3W@P\O*P"N6STG*^;XGZ3CAS_C+-^ M@DXRXXIS%*VNR(6U77%D2'7J65IBC2;+RD&)9 H-"'MC8SLCD69?(!ZZR55 M6UFOP"B )99R$KYT')XH&-7*\J+G3T_:IY0PYKT5VYLIWXKSNV/U?)'V,U\[ MW%)'%!1:\:U;I*PS5LF,S*1C\":P2?W8EKB* T7;)@V02(8BJ-QPC9+NRK@J MJ=8&I" '19!O@["ZX3D[:DS9+$M.EN\M-E+ZF/'7SY(S= 5DV_AD;JX611/]/U^/T.Z+1^@^7E[&K;=$ M-8?3> /2R?]0WG M$O#5C"2^;!1=#^>C)6G.[V^9Y6Q2FA\T-]E.>L[G1N=SIVV^HI(9B0-Y__ 6 MI3/^)9>NC-"JQ L/C; ZK#4=M"L4520EO:?#.Q/X%QWU M]D*ZCT>ZOR;MLH9D$-#$>[O )UE"1,QHXT+L?\'K"4*)Y?9$L4?I1NOJ\BK CR;C#!UFH:?@H+NI5E!^)EM2(V(%B03]M_6Y :D)MO.I]I\S#/_0I$_X$^ MLQR%E9+='5=[D$77ML&"G%9%88DT/FTRU8J\V'AF%TDV($L/1CS^P5&_BQJ! M'D#VGN TWM4%=O; \1T7M\)1M4#81N LAYAM['2;: M%:KUC@4&.&T.\]G=AJV8S T[ZN*0RV"5@"*;)C8)7#3,I_8M2R(NBN5=X$!UAPX7=8[&NY)8DJ76NP+= M:T?8 WK]1=&T(KV,_3-UCFG&_@ 1#C#E:,71F,O_,N?K6C8O%U2ENUXN#TDC 8HN MWS6A1?.921Q4X+BA:*DI#BPW8:[DJ\>N,I?45H#*KFW[[^ME_,G=.LH&6[&F MIJ: CH,B-P\L,$?D93'7^R5G@Y4;I[;4'10S;>"D5TDVF\?:5?T%72DZ8@@] M)GG3A>4GGB,'AZF,T=%!(:J8NI%.: ?C(49( 3*GC/(HO.NWZB\;2-M433#0(Z0[:;XN!?BI=&*-@\4*D% 8D#O9Y14)K M/MX_: '# 5(:_>1\ZC.-99,$KB\[* HDCC2;"O\D6E0S&:3]N?4U>V1)IHI^ MBI-ZB(BVTC\1%! 0Z6@VD97,Q>4+ +1UP-;4CGNT[ ;6O9ID4E3%#MXFQ;-TP#(0C] KA.0LR@,1U/EL8&*:; MSJ7OZ#BYI\\W_2AL9 CL&>,NF%]T# IN>?N4\4LB M6]OJ4P?[E)4&*98 L1S-?%=U.6W["),ND]DFHMQJG[@6AQ2WV6/R:B.X^]3 03OE=+U*7B 4([U$V TG;3D5.XH!&,E4U0S6+ P]B5:X MA*6X1M#^OU-D,W1[++.>L9$73>@\:.26\4_)S5;1L(OC060>DL2S8&C5RMW& MMN6=2J&:7)LX2#OR0B^.[^47O3C616M>$F'H6*H^;>^HT;G%2\CD8 F,GLB+ M("_CKW35C 3J+_L#P8?AK2O("+#.9ZE%:D,SX>-(G6X:Z2_7U M0YGW98$W1= ^#()6R>.S+&U+6C67L% MU8O18(#_*4B4/MS[$QB&;MB$V9,)@0U$Z#VYCJF"@50V(1LA4;EM.87WQ[#- M]*HL ]U>@S26N.@!@:J@J7Q(VZ^M4-.E)+X!;7*'*U-V4%Z $9AXR F;1$ X M&ZJ[?%GL&$5&LJQ$Q@_@,7-MH+-"6VUNH7+SWNRN:2/79YVR8%0@QX1,L>19 M2!W)L)8K((22(]M:1>^2P=3QF/9'9&YB?YH*A5$X)F[,M57IS1384[F5\01( MN1\O8U8B/*U6:NVL0J7'ZA-#+ 44DPE^$*TLT?U/EPR@3,RO5JBT4207W:V9 M>M%]@8,>P(B%_'/Y2-K:(^>!:KJ9([B0THH+@X]B-@W'^BS@B1,GPUK1,][; M$AECB%P%0D?Z&S=AQ"H:F&DQLRZ)"3H3D0PIYVE*.55T W&$.KGP?\MOYTA; M["+(!_R7 &U=(A/) ^ B*""D[F'T2I[@8,A8^R&CB67RA;'Q4%OG"AX.+\U6EF>#1 MX9R)(N?%%(K0M92=XLOY,.A ?*7 Q$E?N5N M&,7:*4MMZXDRW=&SF?TL69HYK7.HA7NXY&0MU2FAU,B KE2KV*')6>T%'6(S&O&F L-(XMA\!?:3)*F\%FX1;& '_^49C S1KD/OP.7SEYO?_ZZ'6 /YU,$KH+]I,AJR='R03KL .K]:'?^Q\,Z M_\T&178AEOE^)PP1TEX0Q0FFO(VM'H>=;^W.4;@'5[$ 25-C3T_(QU:H1$2. M_S&JDI%$+J3C^>C MD;%T)W,L.:9T"I0BK0KPP@!;%/#-EQ6WGTPYSS726F^$JE;4MXJ*2,.4WUWZ M&(+XZL=0ZP91']0=]56=59'B@!1;9RE33C=59QQ0SKYZ6.R^B;LTJD-Y@1V" M&Q SD(Z!KQPCQ/EI$VC^VTFGU>P>$/W"=P?MP[VPXYT ::?90_;1"?_W M)(1CC_2,^/'MDY[7. @Z^T#BT-CQ#SD@2-P"8^Y[IP=-H/*#H(L0Y\T>':!> M^'M/8[3CN6/D]=/P\'OXZKC=!(;6^W$,IT)Z["JL=CI.O?9GKQQY>&=G>]L[ M#F \1SBE3CO8\^'S(4SIL- \DFLUBA!$;AQ8^:L3P/0PX[G2]VE_U=U)SRH2Y)0Z0]L & MTE[1'UN,K$I8R+4?$EKOUCAZ3'R/ *2'1SU/-4M@]3ZL#:OWP875>Q8O/0:: MV, *G^53*P/^I19WT7%%NGD6=_P&;2^P,/X#)9#\9L_ MS7( :O-/).:E8A_R-!*$[W'X+^N; MI)$3>$]!PKI#Y?;;)?N0D>XZ5B-T8D(- M/QW$2X?Z,#1'GNLLBZ]2="O=J*1-[[__Z^/.I]TO:_PCV9YV5*ZA!P7TEZ9_ MY+T!K(/PRVABF H%2OQN7?O" MJP[^'&P*7VM^_=G[3-UZ] M#+%\0U?6NTW=6._6-GTM8/Z['S;"_!4A:,63%W]?Q7(^-@_,-75K-EA* K1@Y%Z.)E+^*0:-+,))0?J= ,A;Z,"2900?' 33>"G" MJ2SE317 ;,X;@>Q0,L)\L.S_,L&GLU M7 .)D8N1GB3;Q/1J@[W% =QD'0#;WP][#3:,(?K7:OV0C9G1R@T[BU3YZT1KO5Z[0//?N= M[VA8>2*;RF *)1 K?M9RJC3DK MX^ _#IQQ!/!DY:.W@ER:)59K3H_@%C@NEH0H5W&MW MOWH^>_]2_WMRCT='@S\7KM- 0;L#-+F'%A'^,>@UOX NUK!MIK=[DG8\=H= MK]GK>L&^Q+- S_O-;D_>QWX[0:O[+>SX7OB[LMQTO./@!T; ^!0"C1D#C;#3 M:WYK-H*>-+V',^3&P@Y^:M$4D"3)]!/NA1(I%HTOO\"HMV@LDA?3AF ==FO_V\DAK%70/ 0M(Y/2@?1CZWM>3'IXE_.8XZ/20MN'S4;,5 MAMAXM8)T($N(&]N $X@?9=GA3\[!4K]PU$U7M DLPD]R:G1P'376XY79+7OT.K2MJVL+[ M\Y%W$*>NYPQ_!X6%P'G)V(_"H 6"M.)AY5-AXJ,57\HV L4#@PZ=CD!M%C$U MFK_G#@]SAY!(OH::@>UI&A*6@]1#IS P[YDQ,)-KF9W4VV_6H*0]25JRV\E/ MQIQKY@D]&![3Y()9*MHE9AP>(^DS-U?TUFAV&B='W1X25Q=:Z38ZS:]F&?7B M/U^7S=ZKG1=)\8$C6DO2Z38D(>YN?=K=_IO7C2>)+L:$M69(8GP*.:V5;NE VW']_NG'I!^!&^.NGR1_CT;IG)YB$I1$;U M5YTN]M1^L?(TSPCN]7@476--!:LBA4]YR\F42Q01%FA:)N?Y4JY8.=@XY%92 ME8U):CH?6_CU$MO3Q=+1\Y&3:L0.BST[+\Y.MXMF,RXXC:8W&%&*92#[%'7 M ]OQB;@WD!*O2[:K2C[H)9I^]OXYGTATRXZ:&XW7V]G (*VBEC"TH^A&1K8K MM9&O9&B[&QA;8*JIY>OT*%]M1.6I C )Q*)56*B@4$GM58;815K2,^_.9[8NM5AB"F?!&%$P'P5\\ MI!N5EM2]/9Z/D7WGOI&)'S 3^8A>/&4N+Z.5C1>ZA1>PUVRF8'WDMGHX49NG#I\NSZN6>ZD MVPM#90.S[;EHJCCI': ]M!%PN90GE[6H]%B"4?8Y3!OY($4M34 5.[NI-)Q4 MKH4+4L*=K@DP_!4*O0P7FPLJ>M2P0PZ">;EU7V[=V]VZI\W#(]BU'EI]\:SZ M7HL.8W#H!=UNN]%T[^'U#01WN8@]G2G_ Q?N$9F*HHPFYJJ MR&S_%2NR5 RB@&GPH53]#8?9%>:Y.076N=2_TZ_4WC Z6!DIR:W#RD#@3@M- =6. D/XIG%RGBF*C4#(.,M63_G P'ANKY( MR21> +.:&AC$59AW-LR5!3N!! <>TQ_Q M&$9#@ B*TEPGZC@S:WP+4VRU[3B4H,Y0):]!62IZ@JKS0)$XF4"54^ND( M ?BL4RY^F^FB_5H V(9PE@0#)ZKSR23!K@FQ33)\9 \(JP[Q'61V (S'.!Q*5C$4!X%=C(?&TSC(KR XQ3$&4:0X @/+'0MD"K]3%%BA-M]7=E MN' $C>D8W3=P;AD?P"8./Y^9C.M7E@DM2#8*!\%?$P4!UP0A(CD)S\T=U&J@ MR1TLN0*]&N6Z#3E_&6_ NJ^9."6DN?/1U8*BI?/)88)$&GH(/RYKT2_'1@7R M6(-_]]-7F5E1YN("&:LR+UW B?0E-* N%G64 M$\2B9CI2&?:^2GN75#_#G)WG8$7D00),&)11G$_.;'& X=54)AZXI.RBG#F" M%T%G6-AIDH+_C;QI7?T+')OR 92+)WYN ,N:,\/!U4%(L?.82@GH?'UW^#[? M3[KM\GF=Q2"VQ)-"AJZ#EM-S=F(^(;0EF!E0:9PA%U\,ZB&IG*IVEYGM,F5! M48'!:R$8)A:?_[J[NXU)32JQJ20Y%\1.DGX%9IER2AV+L:K]((CB#%1:3(1M M1)=P:XPHX8);(;^KR.QG?-HU5Y.O:8DD"U;]5)YC:Y;4@B36D"+4(=^$2IA@ MN Q1TW1X :,5CL,HQD"Q&8=25294CHPOU-J/;?C :-#@TD#E F 7XOJ[.4!154H2^$7746CN7$#93J[ I#*_$I@RUCQ-0P^O@-Y2_:PK M@;^'06SS[*9:Z1!/Q .A"/SG\XJC/DC.#:W"1+Q&F@?C5-Z;H64X04 :1:@5N Q!KI\D5'Y"SA(%' MBSCUT=F4Z^I.DB%2+PB4:>9BB'*K%&TX24$PGU$P=3\:]> 85V/8:! =+F]RL*CU+2]P%P8F*_8,@A (C,YZN8ZZN5/:3;2Z5$::'07H9$42BQI)JJDCB]2#.4'T"M2=*!,LG:",=4 MCJKNV>2LL=^HZ3K!6M-[!NC8VJMD4C9I+NB*_KS2-0&M*YY,8P2+-G/@+2+% MNZ QB+8&FXNUVB9U1318K1]XI"Z!A:O 52I+N;Q>)JL,9%+.6=&/(;" ;4? M N;89N1;M3T-"_-Y(;7"A3:*V,,#+ 6& M @*&-X%=Y(%.RJ;MV*#F$Z."N9V:@9W%R@F0 ]?%OXL"D3>_Q..E?:]#JC.) MCM^1 VN=9@E0K';R?2,P;6 E/]7D?DMO$%+CK7J[M/?,*12>J;3.&>BYA'-AU#$=234G!* MAEVMV..FJQD/"["JB8X"09WI/*6K"ZN) S5H2[ =8""Z$D4^9*4W;FF@!]PF M$3DO)#)$BPY18:OU$ ,9'1$*E2F1WET@B0W#5BDT9=2VYY 8N(--T$P \[HZ&L]3WR/Q(0;ELQJ2NJI5D3F0UI1A3RG MRXM(TYB ;_$0E2:D?9"1W;$HDP]0,[ND'"GK%>CT7V(I)^%+A]V)@E&M+"] XN-E#XF^/6SY$Q=\&2#C?K*7FE]E/O 8 43)H8=EV.( M3*CP;3@Z83EU.F*F3:-:])C@P +E!@7"'"HP=]X^,PQ9PM!W&E1C1"!IG M([C1R?2&Q]N2R4NI4 D.7SPWS7@I=MX+H=V>T'Y%2BOH[HZZCBR53;B2(L#8 MQ&+K8R,51SQ8:$&.=5EK.FA7**I(2GI/AW 55N)O1Y=U@@JW5-/P4%G0K MJ0[$RVI%;$"P()^V_[8@%R WWW0^T^9AGOL5B/X#?68Y"BLENSNN]B"+KFV# M!3FMBL(2:7S:9*H5>;'QS"Z2;$"6'HQX_(,#?A 4J*VN$IVZ!L(G 70LPW]CI,M"M4ZQT+#'#:'.:SNPU; M,9N54R@*D4Y,UB(VJR 4%6#@)E:Y,U@6V^2+6]Z-K2K:=]3%(9?!*@%%-DUL M$KAHF#[M6Y9$7!3+N\#AZ0X=+NH .L ?T^HNB:45Z&?MG MZAS3C/T/%/]N^R)H>?HQQN?D4XJ5[V)!:FW]Z56D7H'(,9$ E*4 /7:4JJ:T E5W;]M_7R_B3NW64_K5B34T) 1T'16X>6&".R,MB MKN]+S@8K%4YMJ3LH9MK 2:^2;#:/M:OZ"[I2=,00>DSRI@O+3SQ'#@Y3&:.C M@T)4,6TCG= .QD.,D.(:$1BP-=,G$FVNXAO!AI.,#ZTX^U(/%/@A^FWS,Q%3 ME(Z]E\]P.A":-&>R*INN0XRPV30LR:- *%2"N*0=WC^1C(R>K#"OM1)W\=/#?)=%3Y MP[J2@@XR5 ETSO5HZX&IJ1SS;=^0\HQ"%2 4WF$(GVI8;3R1U M2SOP=W8+P=X8#B(LUX2E*TWBAGT:R4@:BLICNW"=8I8V5A77D.[H5*[J+_-J M7\TR*2ICAFX38]FZ81@(1^@5PG,69 ")ZWRV,#!,-YU+W]%Q 2HSJZV ]A&F6B:S342YU3YQZ0VI9;/'Y-5&@.ZIN0G*"H? P23*%)X[H^1: MXKATUQ+$=S%11U,\!H.IQ:EIGAHADD"QXHX5:91H0P./F9NZ7ESA9$G\D#&K MF?U3@WK.&6[O7_R9#UMS;9L.20 T,C!7]RDFJ60DR35_*^%_3.K()WROEJA+ MQ>%(: A*M =#(+>.?DI:MHF$7QX/(/"2)9\'0JI6[C6W+.Y6Z-+DV M'-_++WIQK(O6O"3"T+%4?=K>4:-S:Y60R QE_IJAN?)>=S+!$# M@O-T%OV!X 2[LL";XJN8;I\'%.3 M(2)VZ=J-8_1-H9"7+FYB,5MS^5KRM%+V* B[*"\ ",P\9 3-HE0T8&]E;R"(R-95B+C!_"8 MN3;06:&M-K=0N7EO=M>TD>NS3EDP*I!C0J98\BRDCF18R]4+0LF1;:VB=\E@ MZGA,^R,R-[$_387"*-P2-^;:*NQFZNFIW,IX J3 5BNU=E:ATF/U MB2&6 HK)!#^(5I;H_J=+!E FYE J(2;.8(+*:VX,/@H9M-PK,\"GCAQ,JP5/>.]+9$QALA5('2DOW$31JP: M@9D6,^N2F* S$ 5&HA MWIC0A69Q]YQW81.JR Z7[U1[M!='J),+_[?\=HZTQ2Z"?,!_*8=';X"V"KL, MQK)56XJID!Q6'8#3-H]TB#-?Z?WH,NKS_1W=,& 0FEG8B;&7#F!UC&RU[%4G]P4YC5,% M33Y4*ZQCF0)EP+_6*Z6XB ' 3*$(73K9J;6 W RD98Y4C"O3S K["IV6')& M2U&'R+QFC+G0,+(8QGJAS21I"I^%6Q0K]O%/:7;CL#D\O+3G=K.T*^?DFGKZ MT\DUZ(*SLRR^2HR_H_E; X8+#\$$(OM'I851D (M4DQZ!Y)*IJ M)9I^]GHAUHH_\FK_0$\_2NOL\AN/J:8%_HQ8Z=;/LN*X5IC6'*,D]\\>/0E/ M_1NCKO2S+%$H3S#(_U?)59I-+Y)+'4Z QJ>2CAN(9@_MT:Q![L/O\)63U_NO MCUX'^-/))*&[8#\9LGIRE$RP_#K CW;G?SPLZ]]L4&078I?O=\(0(>P% M09Q@R=O8ZG'8^=;N'(5[ P:P"\P#U_@$!D[=S+'*JM*IT ITBKX M+@RP10'??%EQ^\F4\UPCK?5&J&I%?:NHB#1,^=VECR%HKWX,M6X0]4'=45_5 M614I#DBQ=98RY7133 RKA\7NF[A+HSJ4%]@AN $Q ^D8^,HQ0IJ?-H'F MOYUT6LWN =$O?'?0/MP+.][) ]XP#& )_>O=U^YWL!3HP1TIJM[]!5NP.='E)[W>=L)O_P8B9_ M6+B4;N,@W#LY)+[?;#4Z8= -NW04]D+U">AQ_[#]-3@DHN[>&47EUO%.HMDL M!A2Q -3S5+,$1>_#VBAZ'UP4O6?QTF. AWU LW31KP$PBOSN+Q+_5?8B&Z2I4O3-\H]30]I= MI=3U\47J>F"\O&X7OD)=VD/%^8DDJE1,,9Y&6? ]CK1EU8Z47X+%*0@S=ZB/ M?KN\&K*'7 C@YRP,W!A_R^Y]/KI(%XZU(>A.7(2 M9UE\E:('YT;E1WK__5\?=S[M?EGC'TFLM -@#3TH"+TT_2-O>&=QGU]&:\9T M?J;*;4AA/$KC00@D-%-?).."M>(_0H)?B7R]>T_@:X3LOE\#J]XO>^G]?3O= MV0A O778XG!XR^SU;\)SY10_KPXI_ J$=4 M%?(FG6=2(/OR4L&]:LNTAQOBL::F[XEZ&8+VAAC]NTWQ^7=KVV86L,S=#RM8 MIC48B\ /PN;^00]:?>^V:GWOP6QAZ6 D;YX:IUVS(%+Z>%_W51SC+\V42BGY MT1TL>JD$/Q:+K*OE(J]:-)&Z3S'H5PF&T,GO%$'%(AC&XC*XWCB.=9V ?/XJ MA?:4Y7JI2E/."PI-;TP A^3KI>(PV2Q!PX9=;%_[]W)XI4?Q .NHLJ?O/(O& M7DV7L.KV@J-CNU*5RD-@KL//F3@ O2;H=,2F%&BB=IQ;=>S%%VFF6JV8O#8, MEI3@5A5(FTR,-"MA%KY' _0]#@@JK;%J+:63W M+O?/I[3L*I)&@ZN?L(OKT M8JQX6&-%)SP^Z30.@F[HA;^'G483_FBU>\U&R'[4 +VEK7UR(37:K5ZG?>C9 M[WQ',\ #>N?H4]T6:^ #+)^BP>\ZR M4@XE=B3!#Q2;A> BE!8X5PJA]-::2'* JK(7%44N9,"NO6 M&*UC>3,Z4MW@'D1K93_7&6N5[P# T+ITJCOWYP MN46,FMH0N4;*@9@@$(/N8*KP1,:TLK0^GZY3HNNC,%RMH.^JQ%*U&ZM+>_\I MQ/*=M_ UIWWXE".(I]>C?FF26*4X/8J1_KA0 M$JE0N;QV]ZOGL_ K,YGO_U MYI I1J^L[U %L+WW [X\Z!T=_O;_4$L# M!!0 ( *"%A5F=(/CEXPX .,[ 0 9#@Y-C,R,61E>#4Q+FAT;>U; M65,;QQ9^5Y7^0Y=RD\)58A$"&S!6%9N!&PP4$/OZOK5F6E+',]/C601*Y X>]9F/WYO3F[*AW])_E MS97.[JK]ALNK[K[8W;\X_"CVCP\NSBZNWK0^G)S>'+7$] :#;Q_H*),);W=P]/WQ )G+XK%0)D,=+6 ^;+#.AO30P4;: '-R9M69VWMQY;8O[@Z/+KBZXX'>V49.C_;N[P^VBD^/"CJK%Y*T3VV!:D9 MBB86KWKNPV'!R#KX@")N#JL[[]W;5M22Y?7BP6D"K[:*Z_AS55NJ$"F60[7 S6+EP^?3=L;B^.GC3&FYMO^RN=X:=];7- MM;6-M;6USLNME5_C(6GDYDWK[.+XHL5.7HDQ(ZTS:F':^>="[?N!:O4N$Y-^ MDKE*P'"J!*PLC@(U5I&PHEQ_SF6B6**/)OG4%N ?;F\M;Z]75 W%\9L8Z:C8.3!*;1&;: M1 ^L^AQAW^M R^(23B?>Z2# 5>E_ZR4O96#$7I"9MC@ O@U,$FDIMC>Z:QMD MWN='F>=%BQH,S M,9BH$N@I\>8O\)W;?7IS? ME EOI#.UG,;24SN1N4TDV+U>[D(P>JHG_M5I YO8/XG:WG"8J"$H-AN7B8X\ M' VF)Q:2ZKQ:3ZG:>3 H0 MNYC4AI"1+_ZUN?E(6LW&YLKVYF)BFQLKNZN_]#B"*]#\,R#S3/H:5TB48U@Z M('OO,!_PS" A[.B!K-M( $OT)71#N7> 'B/"&/RLB'921LB.3P M5U\Z9X V*M3#D+AF "";R1LW&U#L68HE/GY[#.]Z(U$2+6.\F\*LL MZOAK,X-+7B6XS '[8-*3 UVE]=?K7?7MUZ4-*9LOKBVF S^U4HS&+60 MA;9U,'[R6GDY^35 #*T'_ M!&53AD 4L4HRB>?)SXQ%)DB3%5S3]_L*\00R!NP+=>,:-GXVDKR88P"1R2%8 M\L%JPAUZBSBB= ;; M5NA;#3_7M*:]#K%,GH@4BDL'TK/9#;(1&@K?>#G[1KNL% =ZJ%5T> %) D3UU('^5R'C:22&>CP;V^T2("00W)6"8JBB'.@9 2H(%E"= MB12.) F37 T0H*-"6RV1Z70V:3;P&-_'1:2EE."H*$=1Y8T(6.G!@EP)H>7Z M!6*OH*,@^/V BI&3RC-,CJ2A6K*=IB"2X1PULP7E* M>M FV,]C[F(B?TH=TD.NEAXQCR1 (H(.% O%M^/>#+ @% W;5M>EA7;86')>A7*#/>I"?)SU _D 4C$ORFT6.H.E0\WK%C'A]IA$-LJ M*$F)S2J"BF*JC5R_)Y9JI4E-42](1/U"E.*5W%15MO-5L#$&'-IU^] 926WZ M03U[/F)EKB_=TBH"L'M*]@-JAR0E^+H0(967\!V4!5P:%>6E3HKJB7H=X' _K[)Z8K%L/A!!!??6 *FUOY71>^-^LDZ5Y'[Z+P&3E:*O8 3589?4$ M4OE?4 N@P+7B+6C;UE])#L_@6KOH M%CB R+2[&O,@5U@!886;EPFE]K=3]5-D/# MC:S3O&7:=BAH/55&S\#QBPF#SLB@I/%"=O+N^5EQQ>3+?^S.3V]^9]7=W'QP M6ZBS\O?;%;HIX>O>Y,#(!6BKFI2JO;(]V((\";0 347MQV6BDM%%>::NA2GNFHU:GG')Y5GV M@]PELN:7 'H=*USDHR "0L\A2A"86WJ*0=^IA%3U.:?M8E>ZI=\1XY^ &*7K MEUEVNLH+Y80JH:(^0!#W9?0IR>/,X[%*:H*QBNCS()$Y\( J7,3C6$TH6.J7 MFXTLD5$Z4 D2MS+)4$;Z-U='AP1" *D\K-7P*18-9&*K$1ZGV4D [533>6*(-K,0/7$,& MQ&,.G':X;$=234T.V@0'3&3"C&3$7WTFW2[*GF:CBK!V?36[&#$_-,9'\T6 M0FSB4P)41!A&P_F2] GN_NFH+89Y8 M)0P8*,R@*IV.A!K;Z1UE#:IJ?4G#.*(R3Z;94'=>'L2R-H&?P!-,2.T=]U-A MI >3J;NXL61(Y4#RH'X';-#4-=&H*+E &(WA?GB6U$]3OUOTX(DA M%:DAX%ZQ!U**&.2!"'7JAGS %#YTR%A ,1%:6.(&X0[ZAAL9HN=%=/27AJ MZJN%IID\3@JS\Q!1.,_$[0)PA3^#9Z2-17Y?Y]L;&6T'[=PJ).2:P"63L,R+ MW@Z-[[R9MP'! EE/OZ)D*EARHOY/TI7J0ZZ 7M0- >P!(+_ $JFW8 ^6"$'&3N!(_O]AZFMB(#E=G[X#RDYLA- FP?5JIV]FS/,XWH MOO;H# TJE=U@G="$?J"#V0UC/KH%([M?ASF#W7/,B/ IH\IJ\\>2:H>F1DKR6,)N/I[Q%O0[N].PXHYQ5MO ]NV(?K=4Z$>G53MKN;NV1\@L(+QR MF-MLS)Y_ . " >$. !D M.#DV,S(Q9#AK+FAT;5!+ 0(4 Q0 ( *"%A5G#;( 2XP G (% ! ( ! M]R$# &0X.38S,C%D97@T,BYH=&U02P$"% ,4 " "@A859G2#XY>,. #C M.P $ @ &W!00 9#@Y-C,R,61E>#4Q+FAT;5!+!08 .." ( /<! #(% 0 ! end
0001751008 2024-12-05 2024-12-05 AppLovin Corp false 0001751008 8-K 2024-12-05 DE 001-40325 45-3264542 1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto CA 94304 (800) 839-9646 false false false false Class A common stock, par value $0.00003 per share APP NASDAQ false